We teamed up with The Wirecutter to come up with cord-cutter bundles for movie buffs, sports addicts, fans of premium TV shows, binge watchers and families with children. We teamed up with The Wirecutter to come up with cord-cutter bundles for movie buffs, sports addicts, fans of premium TV shows, binge watchers and families with children. 

In the absence of any disclosures from Mr. Trump, The New York Times and other news outlets have attempted to fill in the gaps. In the absence of any disclosures from Mr. Trump, The New York Times and other news outlets have attempted to fill in the gaps. 

Simple tips to follow if you think your personal information online has been exposed to hackers. Simple tips to follow if you think your personal information online has been exposed to hackers. 

European authorities have agreed to disburse $8.4 billion in fresh funds to Greece, allowing the country to keep paying its bills in the coming months. European authorities have agreed to disburse $8.4 billion in fresh funds to Greece, allowing the country to keep paying its bills in the coming months. 

The new debt relief law is stirring colonial resentment, as Puerto Rican officials denounced the “junta” — or federal control board — that will soon direct this island’s failing governance and finances. The new debt relief law is stirring colonial resentment, as Puerto Rican officials denounced the “junta” — or federal control board — that will soon direct this island’s failing governance and finances. 

Photos posted on @nytimes during the last week of 2015 took followers from an island in Antarctica to Times Square, before the ball dropped. Photos posted on @nytimes during the last week of 2015 took followers from an island in Antarctica to Times Square, before the ball dropped. 

 David Phillips provides our first Saturday challenge of 2016. David Phillips provides our first Saturday challenge of 2016.

 Harmony to soothe the soul. Harmony to soothe the soul.

A look at some of the year’s most striking Styles section images. A look at some of the year’s most striking Styles section images. 

From Times Square to the web, we asked people to tell us their wishes for 2016. From Times Square to the web, we asked people to tell us their wishes for 2016. 

 Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Carolyn Ryan, Jennifer Steinhauer and others. Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Carolyn Ryan, Jennifer Steinhauer and others.

If the Jets win at Buffalo on Sunday, they will clinch an A.F.C. wild-card berth. Ben Shpigel breaks down the key moments that have led the Jets to the brink of the playoffs. If the Jets win at Buffalo on Sunday, they will clinch an A.F.C. wild-card berth. Ben Shpigel breaks down the key moments that have led the Jets to the brink of the playoffs. 

 Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign raised $37 million in the three-month period that ended Dec. 31, bringing her total war chest for use in the Democratic presidential contest to more than $112 million. Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign raised $37 million in the three-month period that ended Dec. 31, bringing her total war chest for use in the Democratic presidential contest to more than $112 million.

Peas and mustard greens, pizza dough, Alfred Lord Tennyson and more recipes for the New Year. Peas and mustard greens, pizza dough, Alfred Lord Tennyson and more recipes for the New Year. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: An Italian-owned airline keeps flying to South America in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: An Italian-owned airline keeps flying to South America in 1941.

 Same as it ever was, Missouri flooding shows how communities continue to ignore hydrological realities. Same as it ever was, Missouri flooding shows how communities continue to ignore hydrological realities.

 A Renaissance painter has a solo show in Florence; a calligraphy artist’s work goes on display in Kanazawa, Japan; and an interdisciplinary festival runs in Sydney, Australia. A Renaissance painter has a solo show in Florence; a calligraphy artist’s work goes on display in Kanazawa, Japan; and an interdisciplinary festival runs in Sydney, Australia.

A rapid-fire look back through 365 moments of your day-to-day life is a powerful experience. A rapid-fire look back through 365 moments of your day-to-day life is a powerful experience. 

The Times reporter Daniel Victor aimed to record a one-second video every day in 2015 and patched them together using an app. The Times reporter Daniel Victor aimed to record a one-second video every day in 2015 and patched them together using an app. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: A steamship for Bombay is torpedoed in 1916. From the International Herald Tribune archives: A steamship for Bombay is torpedoed in 1916.

A short poem about hearing both French and Arabic in the same subway car, shortly after the Paris attacks. A short poem about hearing both French and Arabic in the same subway car, shortly after the Paris attacks. 

Wellness items to cleanse the system — and make room for good vibes and health in 2016. Wellness items to cleanse the system — and make room for good vibes and health in 2016. 

Pamela Paul, the editor of The New York Times Book Review, provides some insight on the topics that most often pique readers’ interest. Pamela Paul, the editor of The New York Times Book Review, provides some insight on the topics that most often pique readers’ interest. 

 Test your knowledge of this week’s health news. Test your knowledge of this week’s health news.

The New York Public Library’s erotica collection (yes, it has one) includes seedy Times Square ephemera, early transgender magazines and copies of Playboy. The New York Public Library’s erotica collection (yes, it has one) includes seedy Times Square ephemera, early transgender magazines and copies of Playboy. 

With the Doha talks dead, world leaders need to start thinking differently about the global trading system. With the Doha talks dead, world leaders need to start thinking differently about the global trading system. Editorial laments ending of Doha trade talks after 14 years of negotiations by World Trade Organization, arguing this failure undermines credibility of multilateral trading system and hurts least-developed countries; urges world leaders to start working toward global trade pacts that foster development and sustainable economic growth.

If gambling is such an economic boon, why do Long Islanders want it far away from where they live, work or shop? If gambling is such an economic boon, why do Long Islanders want it far away from where they live, work or shop? Editorial deplores Nassau Regional Off-Track Betting Corp's plan to open 100,000-square-foot gambling emporium in Long Island community of Elmont; asserts that casinos and gambling cause economic blight in neighborhoods, and that many local Nassau residents do not want these gambling halls near their homes. 

We've looked into it. It could be worse. We've looked into it. It could be worse. 

As states enact new laws, the line between gun rights and civilian safety is only getting more confusing. As states enact new laws, the line between gun rights and civilian safety is only getting more confusing. Editorial examines contrasting ways in which Texas and city of Seattle deal with gun control, noting Texas just passed 'open-carry' law while Seattle has begun levying 'gun violence tax'  on those buying guns and ammunition; argues such clashing interests in different states demonstrates why country needs federal laws on gun control.

The superrich live in their own reality. That’s a problem when the monstrously self-centered influence elections and policy. The superrich live in their own reality. That’s a problem when the monstrously self-centered influence elections and policy. Paul Krugman Op-Ed column expresses concern that extremely wealthy people, who are proven to be less empathetic and more likely to cheat, have ever-growing political power in United States; cites Las Vegas casino magnate Sheldon Adelson and hedge-fund billionaire Paul Singer, both players in Republican Party in this current election cycle, as examples of those who use their money to rig political system and distort policy priorities.

A Haitian activist calls for aid to help desperate people in the camps. A Haitian activist calls for aid to help desperate people in the camps. 

Readers discuss an Op-Ed essay about “how revolutionary Jesus’ birth was.” Readers discuss an Op-Ed essay about “how revolutionary Jesus’ birth was.” 

A women’s studies professor notes that some of those coerced to serve as prostitutes for Japanese soldiers in World War II were not yet adults. A women’s studies professor notes that some of those coerced to serve as prostitutes for Japanese soldiers in World War II were not yet adults. 

Police shootings should be necessary, not just “reasonable.” Police shootings should be necessary, not just “reasonable.” Op-Ed article by law students Olevia Boykin and Christopher Desir and law Prof Jed Rubenfeld argue law enforcement should adopt Dept of Justice's 'necessity' standards for use of deadly force, which allows for it only when all other available means of preventing danger have been exhausted; asserts such standard could help prevent or end use of excessive force against unarmed black people.

Readers react to a charge that the TV star drugged and sexually abused a Pennsylvania woman. Readers react to a charge that the TV star drugged and sexually abused a Pennsylvania woman. 

Quotation of the Day for Friday, January 1, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Friday, January 1, 2016. 

Corrections appearing in print on Friday, January 1, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Friday, January 1, 2016. 

Villarreal midfielder Bruno Soriano scored with a free kick to earn a 1-0 win over visiting Valencia in the Spanish league. Villarreal midfielder Bruno Soriano scored with a free kick to earn a 1-0 win over visiting Valencia in the Spanish league. 

Auston Matthews, who is expected to be the No. 1 pick in the N.H.L. draft, had a goal and an assist to lead the United States to a 4-1 victory over Denmark in the world junior hockey championship in Helsinki, Finland. Auston Matthews, who is expected to be the No. 1 pick in the N.H.L. draft, had a goal and an assist to lead the United States to a 4-1 victory over Denmark in the world junior hockey championship in Helsinki, Finland. United States advances in world junior hockey championship after 4-1 victory over Denmark; other match results from event noted. 

The Los Angeles Dodgers agreed to terms with the Japanese right-hander Kenta Maeda, according to multiple reports. The Los Angeles Dodgers agreed to terms with the Japanese right-hander Kenta Maeda, according to multiple reports. Los Angeles Dodgers reportedly sign star Japanese pitcher Kenta Maeda.

The lineup includes classics like “Them!” and proceeds with such light fare as “The Hangover” and “Blades of Glory.” The lineup includes classics like “Them!” and proceeds with such light fare as “The Hangover” and “Blades of Glory.” 

DEIN--Gittie Pfeffer. Dear sis, loved and remembered every day. Carol 1/3 DEIN--Gittie Pfeffer. Dear sis, loved and remembered every day. Carol 1/3 

FLOOD--Charles Andrew, 77, died at his home in New York City on December 23 with his adored wife Kristin by his side. Born in New York City, Charlie was a graduate of Riverdale Country Day School and Amherst College. He spent his early investment career at M.A. Shapiro, New Court Securities, and E.M. Warburg Pincus. For the past 32 years, Charlie and Kristin were business partners of Flood Gamble Associates, an investment management firm. Recently, Flood Gamble joined American Capital Management. Charlie was a dedicated and scrupulously honest businessperson who brought his deep intelligence to his tireless work for his clients. He enjoyed getting to know people of all backgrounds and loved nothing more than the everyday banter he had with friends, clients, neighbors, and everyone he encountered. He had a unique sense of humor and enjoyed gently ribbing people. His weekends were spent gardening and doing chores-Charlie's way of relaxing-in their second home and beloved community of Hudson, New York. Charlie loved the Hudson Valley and, with Kristin, was dedicated to the protection of the Hudson River and its environs. A lifelong Democrat and avid Obama supporter, Charlie enjoyed talking politics and railing against what he felt were the wrongs in society. He also contributed to many social causes. Charlie learned guitar as an adult and his playing and singing were an integral part of his time spent with family. A much-loved spouse, father, and grandfather, Charlie will be greatly missed by his wife of 40 years, Kristin Gamble, his daughters Deborah Flood and Karen Flood, his son-in-law Michael Benedek, and his grandchildren Naomi, Oscar and Violet. A celebration of Charlie will be held at 4:30pm on January 7 at the Metropolitan Club at 1 East 60th Street in New York City. In lieu of flowers, please send donations to Scenic Hudson at http://www.scenic hudson.org/donate, or Scenic Hudson, Attn: Veronica Renzo, One Civic Center Plaza, Suite 200, Poughkeepsie, NY 12601. 1/3 FLOOD--Charles Andrew, 77, died at his home in New York City on December 23 with his adored wife Kristin by his side. Born in New York City, Charlie was a graduate of Riverdale Country Day School and Amherst College. He spent his early investment career at M.A. Shapiro, New Court Securities, and E.M. Warburg Pincus. For the past 32 years, Charlie and Kristin were business partners of Flood Gamble Associates, an investment management firm. Recently, Flood Gamble joined American Capital Management. Charlie was a dedicated and scrupulously honest businessperson who brought his deep intelligence to his tireless work for his clients. He enjoyed getting to know people of all backgrounds and loved nothing more than the everyday banter he had with friends, clients, neighbors, and everyone he encountered. He had a unique sense of humor and enjoyed gently ribbing people. His weekends were spent gardening and doing chores-Charlie's way of relaxing-in their second home and beloved community of Hudson, New York. Charlie loved the Hudson Valley and, with Kristin, was dedicated to the protection of the Hudson River and its environs. A lifelong Democrat and avid Obama supporter, Charlie enjoyed talking politics and railing against what he felt were the wrongs in society. He also contributed to many social causes. Charlie learned guitar as an adult and his playing and singing were an integral part of his time spent with family. A much-loved spouse, father, and grandfather, Charlie will be greatly missed by his wife of 40 years, Kristin Gamble, his daughters Deborah Flood and Karen Flood, his son-in-law Michael Benedek, and his grandchildren Naomi, Oscar and Violet. A celebration of Charlie will be held at 4:30pm on January 7 at the Metropolitan Club at 1 East 60th Street in New York City. In lieu of flowers, please send donations to Scenic Hudson at http://www.scenic hudson.org/donate, or Scenic Hudson, Attn: Veronica Renzo, One Civic Center Plaza, Suite 200, Poughkeepsie, NY 12601. 1/3 

METZGER--Phoebe, 95, of Boca Raton, FL; died peacefully and naturally at home on December 29. She was the devoted wife for 64 years of Bernard (deceased). Mother of Robert and Steven, sister of Enid Lee, and brother Marvin Goldstein (deceased). She loved life with a large social circle, enjoying tennis, friendly gaming and philanthropy; she was a strong supporter of organizations for Jewish causes and the developmentally disabled. Services will be 1pm, Sunday, January 3 at Lakeside Memorial Park, Doral, FL; Shiva at the family home after 6pm. Honor her memory at JARCFL.ORG. 1/3 METZGER--Phoebe, 95, of Boca Raton, FL; died peacefully and naturally at home on December 29. She was the devoted wife for 64 years of Bernard (deceased). Mother of Robert and Steven, sister of Enid Lee, and brother Marvin Goldstein (deceased). She loved life with a large social circle, enjoying tennis, friendly gaming and philanthropy; she was a strong supporter of organizations for Jewish causes and the developmentally disabled. Services will be 1pm, Sunday, January 3 at Lakeside Memorial Park, Doral, FL; Shiva at the family home after 6pm. Honor her memory at JARCFL.ORG. 1/3 

RICE--Margaret C.,on Friday, December 25, 2015. Beloved mother of the late Douglas B. Rice. Devoted mother-in-law of Denise V. Jones Rice and grandmother of Demetrius C. and David W. Rice. Services at Stewart Funeral Home, 4001 Benning Road NE, Washington, DC on Saturday, January 2, 2016 from 1pm until service at 2pm. Online condolences may be made at: www. stewartfuneralhome.com. 1/3 RICE--Margaret C.,on Friday, December 25, 2015. Beloved mother of the late Douglas B. Rice. Devoted mother-in-law of Denise V. Jones Rice and grandmother of Demetrius C. and David W. Rice. Services at Stewart Funeral Home, 4001 Benning Road NE, Washington, DC on Saturday, January 2, 2016 from 1pm until service at 2pm. Online condolences may be made at: www. stewartfuneralhome.com. 1/3 

RATNER--Laura, on Decem- ber 30, 2015, formerly of Hewlett Harbor. Beloved wife of the late Arthur. Adored mother of Dennis and Andrea and Felice and Jay Seeman. Loving grandma of Allison, Rebecca and Andy, Ari and Brendon. Doting GG of Ethan, Lily and Meyer. We will never forget her strength of mind and body. A graduate of NYU Business School. Avid reader and consummate crossword puzzler. Services will be held 10am, Monday, January 4, 2016 at Boulevard-Riverside Chapels, 1450 Broadway, Hewlett, NY 11557. 1/3 RATNER--Laura, on Decem- ber 30, 2015, formerly of Hewlett Harbor. Beloved wife of the late Arthur. Adored mother of Dennis and Andrea and Felice and Jay Seeman. Loving grandma of Allison, Rebecca and Andy, Ari and Brendon. Doting GG of Ethan, Lily and Meyer. We will never forget her strength of mind and body. A graduate of NYU Business School. Avid reader and consummate crossword puzzler. Services will be held 10am, Monday, January 4, 2016 at Boulevard-Riverside Chapels, 1450 Broadway, Hewlett, NY 11557. 1/3 

SCHEINMAN--Alan. Happy 71st Birthday. Miss your smile, humor & suntan. Scheinman & Levien Family 1/3 SCHEINMAN--Alan. Happy 71st Birthday. Miss your smile, humor & suntan. Scheinman & Levien Family 1/3 

SHORT--Stephen. June 11, 1945-December 12, 2015. Stephen Short, a former Procter of the Admiralty, who also served in the Merchant Marine, passed away on December 12th. A longtime member of the New York State bar, his legal career encompassed maritime, criminal and personal injury law. In his youth, Mr. Short was also a gifted athlete, excelling as a swimmer, skier, sailor and avid tennis player. He was also deemed an Olympic caliber fencer by Maestro Odon Niederkirchner, of the NYAC. A colorful figure and lifelong champion of the underdog, he will be missed by all who loved him, including his sisters, Leslie Blake and Cheryl Bulbach and his brother, Dr. Wayne Blackmon. As per his wishes, Mr. Short's corneas were donated to the Eye Bank for Sight Restoration. A Memorial will be held in mid-January at the Village Funeral Home. 1/3 SHORT--Stephen. June 11, 1945-December 12, 2015. Stephen Short, a former Procter of the Admiralty, who also served in the Merchant Marine, passed away on December 12th. A longtime member of the New York State bar, his legal career encompassed maritime, criminal and personal injury law. In his youth, Mr. Short was also a gifted athlete, excelling as a swimmer, skier, sailor and avid tennis player. He was also deemed an Olympic caliber fencer by Maestro Odon Niederkirchner, of the NYAC. A colorful figure and lifelong champion of the underdog, he will be missed by all who loved him, including his sisters, Leslie Blake and Cheryl Bulbach and his brother, Dr. Wayne Blackmon. As per his wishes, Mr. Short's corneas were donated to the Eye Bank for Sight Restoration. A Memorial will be held in mid-January at the Village Funeral Home. 1/3 

GLANTZ--Irwin L.,91, died peacefully at home on December 26, 2015 after a brief illness, with his loving family at his side. He is survived by his beloved wife of 62 years, Gene; devoted children Paul, Judith Kingman, and Robert; grandchildren Alexander and Garrett Kingman and Michelle and David Glantz, and nephew Bruce Kauderer. A consummate gentleman, he was a World War II veteran, lawyer, founder of real estate development, investment and management firm, Windsor Properties, and esteemed patriarch of his extended family. His patience, wisdom, optimism, generosity and strong family values will be sorely missed by all who were privileged to know him. Laid to rest in Sharon Gardens, Valhalla, New York on December 28, 2015. 1/3 GLANTZ--Irwin L.,91, died peacefully at home on December 26, 2015 after a brief illness, with his loving family at his side. He is survived by his beloved wife of 62 years, Gene; devoted children Paul, Judith Kingman, and Robert; grandchildren Alexander and Garrett Kingman and Michelle and David Glantz, and nephew Bruce Kauderer. A consummate gentleman, he was a World War II veteran, lawyer, founder of real estate development, investment and management firm, Windsor Properties, and esteemed patriarch of his extended family. His patience, wisdom, optimism, generosity and strong family values will be sorely missed by all who were privileged to know him. Laid to rest in Sharon Gardens, Valhalla, New York on December 28, 2015. 1/3 

GEIGER--Melissa Brown Wiley, died of natural causes in New York City on Saturday, December 19, 2015 surrounded by her loving family. Born in Bay Shore, NY in 1937, she was the oldest child of Melissa Adams and Robert Hoffman Wiley. Melissa graduated from Spring Valley High School, Spring Valley, NY in 1955. She attended Skidmore College and married in 1957. Howard and Melissa began their marriage at Dartmouth College. Howard's career brought them to many places: Munich, Germany; New Jersey; Minneapolis; San Francisco and finally settling down in Manhattan in 1987. Their lifelong home was on Lake George in Putnam, NY. Melissa brought music and friendship wherever she went; these passions defined her life. An extremely talented pianist, she played the organ for her church beginning at age 12. Melissa played an active role in her children's education, always volunteering, often as the accompanist for school musical productions. She sang in the Plymouth Church Choir and with the Plymouth Music Series. She supported the Minnesota Opera. Melissa was the Minister of Music, Organist and Choir Director at Suffern Presbyterian Church in Suffern, NY. While living in San Francisco, she sang in the Unitarian Church Choir and was a board member of The San Francisco Chamber Singers, now called Volti. In Manhattan, she joined the music department of the Rudolf Steiner School as a faculty member and retired in 2002. Melissa joined The Riverside Church in 1988 committed to making our world a better place through music. She was a member of The Riverside Choir, the Riverside Choral Society, served as Music Committee chair, raised funds for the Men's Shelter and was actively involved in the founding of the Catherine Van Buren Endowment Fund and the Friends of Music. She most recently enjoyed spending time with her children, grandchildren, friends, and her dog. Melissa is survived by her children, Melissa Ann Geiger (Paul Marvin) of New York, NY, Kirsten Geiger Rider (Harold) of Winnetka, IL, Howard (Skip) Wilton Geiger III of New York, NY, Christopher Wiley Geiger of Larkspur, CA and her brother, William Adams Wiley (Lynn) of Grantham, NH; nine grandchildren, Paul and Oliver Marvin of New York, NY, Harold, Sarah and Christopher Rider of Winnetka, IL, Lillian Geiger of New York, NY, Wiley, Bourke and Finley Geiger of Larkspur, CA as well as many adored nieces, nephews and her beloved dog Libee. Her husband of 56 years, Howard Wilton and her brother, George Martin Wiley III, predeceased Melissa. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to Friends of Music, The Riverside Church, 490 Riverside Drive, New York, NY, 10027. Services will be held at The Riverside Church, 490 Riverside Drive, New York, NY at 12:00pm on Monday, January 4. A memorial reception will immediately follow. There will be additional opportunities to meet with family and friends. 1/3 GEIGER--Melissa Brown Wiley, died of natural causes in New York City on Saturday, December 19, 2015 surrounded by her loving family. Born in Bay Shore, NY in 1937, she was the oldest child of Melissa Adams and Robert Hoffman Wiley. Melissa graduated from Spring Valley High School, Spring Valley, NY in 1955. She attended Skidmore College and married in 1957. Howard and Melissa began their marriage at Dartmouth College. Howard's career brought them to many places: Munich, Germany; New Jersey; Minneapolis; San Francisco and finally settling down in Manhattan in 1987. Their lifelong home was on Lake George in Putnam, NY. Melissa brought music and friendship wherever she went; these passions defined her life. An extremely talented pianist, she played the organ for her church beginning at age 12. Melissa played an active role in her children's education, always volunteering, often as the accompanist for school musical productions. She sang in the Plymouth Church Choir and with the Plymouth Music Series. She supported the Minnesota Opera. Melissa was the Minister of Music, Organist and Choir Director at Suffern Presbyterian Church in Suffern, NY. While living in San Francisco, she sang in the Unitarian Church Choir and was a board member of The San Francisco Chamber Singers, now called Volti. In Manhattan, she joined the music department of the Rudolf Steiner School as a faculty member and retired in 2002. Melissa joined The Riverside Church in 1988 committed to making our world a better place through music. She was a member of The Riverside Choir, the Riverside Choral Society, served as Music Committee chair, raised funds for the Men's Shelter and was actively involved in the founding of the Catherine Van Buren Endowment Fund and the Friends of Music. She most recently enjoyed spending time with her children, grandchildren, friends, and her dog. Melissa is survived by her children, Melissa Ann Geiger (Paul Marvin) of New York, NY, Kirsten Geiger Rider (Harold) of Winnetka, IL, Howard (Skip) Wilton Geiger III of New York, NY, Christopher Wiley Geiger of Larkspur, CA and her brother, William Adams Wiley (Lynn) of Grantham, NH; nine grandchildren, Paul and Oliver Marvin of New York, NY, Harold, Sarah and Christopher Rider of Winnetka, IL, Lillian Geiger of New York, NY, Wiley, Bourke and Finley Geiger of Larkspur, CA as well as many adored nieces, nephews and her beloved dog Libee. Her husband of 56 years, Howard Wilton and her brother, George Martin Wiley III, predeceased Melissa. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to Friends of Music, The Riverside Church, 490 Riverside Drive, New York, NY, 10027. Services will be held at The Riverside Church, 490 Riverside Drive, New York, NY at 12:00pm on Monday, January 4. A memorial reception will immediately follow. There will be additional opportunities to meet with family and friends. 1/3 

RATNER--Laura. Our hearts are saddened by the death of Laura, mother of our very dear friends Felice (Jay) and Dennis (Andrea). She lived a long life and is now at peace. We will miss her. Cheryl and Bill 1/3 RATNER--Laura. Our hearts are saddened by the death of Laura, mother of our very dear friends Felice (Jay) and Dennis (Andrea). She lived a long life and is now at peace. We will miss her. Cheryl and Bill 1/3 

ZARITSKY--Avrom. Former producer NBC News. Survived by wife, Joyce (Ship) children, Joshua and Eve. Funeral Sunday, 11am, Edwards Dowdle, 64 Ashford, Dobbs Ferry, NY. Donations to Michael J. Fox Foundation Parkinson's Research. 1/3 ZARITSKY--Avrom. Former producer NBC News. Survived by wife, Joyce (Ship) children, Joshua and Eve. Funeral Sunday, 11am, Edwards Dowdle, 64 Ashford, Dobbs Ferry, NY. Donations to Michael J. Fox Foundation Parkinson's Research. 1/3 

DICKLER--Ruth. It is with deep sadness that we note the passing of Mrs. Ruth Dickler who first joined The Citizens Housing & Planning Council as a volunteer in 1962, where she began to build and shape our archival library. She was an important resource for New York City's researchers, academics, and students. Upon her retirement she became a member of CHPC's Board of Directors. A talented writer and editor, her research and organizational skills helped to shape CHPC's work for nearly five decades. A mentor and friend to all of us at CHPC, her legacy continues in the historic library that bares her name. Our heartfelt condolences to her family and friends and to our city which has lost a great lady. 1/3 DICKLER--Ruth. It is with deep sadness that we note the passing of Mrs. Ruth Dickler who first joined The Citizens Housing & Planning Council as a volunteer in 1962, where she began to build and shape our archival library. She was an important resource for New York City's researchers, academics, and students. Upon her retirement she became a member of CHPC's Board of Directors. A talented writer and editor, her research and organizational skills helped to shape CHPC's work for nearly five decades. A mentor and friend to all of us at CHPC, her legacy continues in the historic library that bares her name. Our heartfelt condolences to her family and friends and to our city which has lost a great lady. 1/3 

KELLY--Ellsworth. The Board of Directors and the staff of the Foundation for Contemporary Arts notes with sorrow the passing of Ellsworth Kelly. His unique artistic vision and his consistent generosity were unparalleled examples of how one artist's work and life can enrich so many. 1/3 KELLY--Ellsworth. The Board of Directors and the staff of the Foundation for Contemporary Arts notes with sorrow the passing of Ellsworth Kelly. His unique artistic vision and his consistent generosity were unparalleled examples of how one artist's work and life can enrich so many. 1/3 

KELLY--Ellsworth. Pratt Institute is saddened by the loss of one of the most defining abstract painters of our time, Ellsworth Kelly, who studied at the institution in the 1940s. Minimal in form, bold in color, and widely influential, Kelly's work is featured in prominent museums, galleries, and private collections across the globe. As a true pioneer extending the boundaries of creativity, Kelly will be revered for his iconic style and artistic vision for generations to come. Pratt Institute Board of Trustees Chairman Bruce Gitlin, President Thomas F. Schutte 1/3 KELLY--Ellsworth. Pratt Institute is saddened by the loss of one of the most defining abstract painters of our time, Ellsworth Kelly, who studied at the institution in the 1940s. Minimal in form, bold in color, and widely influential, Kelly's work is featured in prominent museums, galleries, and private collections across the globe. As a true pioneer extending the boundaries of creativity, Kelly will be revered for his iconic style and artistic vision for generations to come. Pratt Institute Board of Trustees Chairman Bruce Gitlin, President Thomas F. Schutte 1/3 

FREILICH--Dr. Gerald. Emeritus professor of mathematics at Queens College of SUNY who specialized in geometric measure theory, passed away on December 27th, 2015 at age 88. Professor Freilich was the author of several books and many research articles and reviews in academic journals. He was a former governor of the Mathematical Association of America as well as Chairman of the New York Metropolitan Section and served on the national panel of the Committee on the Undergraduate Program of Mathematics. Born in Brooklyn, he received a bachelor's degree, Summa Cum Laude, from City College in 1946 and a Doctorate in Mathematics from Brown University in 1949. He taught at Brown University and then at City College of New York, advancing to full professor and Chairman of the Mathematics Department in 1966. During those years, he was an original member of the organizing Committee of the SUNY Doctoral Program and single-handedly established the SUNY graduate Mathematics Library. He also taught at Wesleyan University as a visiting professor. He joined the faculty of Queens College in 1971 and taught there until his retirement in 1995. Professor Freilich served in the US Navy in World War II. After the war, he was a Lieutenant J.G. in the Navy Reserves. He also did research for the National Ordinance Lab on helicopters and submarines. He was survived by Marion (nee Freudenberger) after 62 years of marriage. He is also survived by his brother Dr. Herbert Feilich and children Sandra Novetsky (Dr. Gary) and Dr. David Freilich (Erica) as well as eight grandchildren and six great-grandchildren and many nephews and nieces. 1/3 FREILICH--Dr. Gerald. Emeritus professor of mathematics at Queens College of SUNY who specialized in geometric measure theory, passed away on December 27th, 2015 at age 88. Professor Freilich was the author of several books and many research articles and reviews in academic journals. He was a former governor of the Mathematical Association of America as well as Chairman of the New York Metropolitan Section and served on the national panel of the Committee on the Undergraduate Program of Mathematics. Born in Brooklyn, he received a bachelor's degree, Summa Cum Laude, from City College in 1946 and a Doctorate in Mathematics from Brown University in 1949. He taught at Brown University and then at City College of New York, advancing to full professor and Chairman of the Mathematics Department in 1966. During those years, he was an original member of the organizing Committee of the SUNY Doctoral Program and single-handedly established the SUNY graduate Mathematics Library. He also taught at Wesleyan University as a visiting professor. He joined the faculty of Queens College in 1971 and taught there until his retirement in 1995. Professor Freilich served in the US Navy in World War II. After the war, he was a Lieutenant J.G. in the Navy Reserves. He also did research for the National Ordinance Lab on helicopters and submarines. He was survived by Marion (nee Freudenberger) after 62 years of marriage. He is also survived by his brother Dr. Herbert Feilich and children Sandra Novetsky (Dr. Gary) and Dr. David Freilich (Erica) as well as eight grandchildren and six great-grandchildren and many nephews and nieces. 1/3 

DWEK--Joe. On behalf of the entire New York-Presbyterian/Queens family, we are saddened by the passing of Joe Dwek, M.D., an admired and respected physician, who joined the staff at NewYork- Presbyterian/Queens (then Booth Memorial Hospital) in 1965. Dr. Dwek was chairman of the Department of Medicine and program director from 1973-1989 and was chairman of Academic Affairs from 1989-93. Our sincere condolences to Dr. Dwek's wife Sally, his children and grandchildren, and the many people whose lives he influenced. Stephen S. Mills, President Gary Zuar, Chairman, Board of Trustees Ruby Malva, M.D., President, Medical Staff Society Jack Mann, M.D., President, Medical Board NewYork- Presbyterian/Queens 1/3 DWEK--Joe. On behalf of the entire New York-Presbyterian/Queens family, we are saddened by the passing of Joe Dwek, M.D., an admired and respected physician, who joined the staff at NewYork- Presbyterian/Queens (then Booth Memorial Hospital) in 1965. Dr. Dwek was chairman of the Department of Medicine and program director from 1973-1989 and was chairman of Academic Affairs from 1989-93. Our sincere condolences to Dr. Dwek's wife Sally, his children and grandchildren, and the many people whose lives he influenced. Stephen S. Mills, President Gary Zuar, Chairman, Board of Trustees Ruby Malva, M.D., President, Medical Staff Society Jack Mann, M.D., President, Medical Board NewYork- Presbyterian/Queens 1/3 

REED--Dolores, died peacefully at her Wellington, FL home on December 29, 2015 surrounded by her family. She was a devoted wife for 66 years to her husband, Howard, a loving mother to her children, Janet and Rob, their spouses Dan and Julie, and her grandchildren, Lindsay, Ben, and Michael. Funeral services will be held on Sunday, January 3rd at 10am at Gutterman-Warheit Memorial Chapel at 7240 North Federal Highway, Boca Raton, FL. A graveside service will be on Wednesday, January 6, 2016 at 11am at the Beth David Cemetery, 300 Elmont Rd, Elmont, NY. 1/3 REED--Dolores, died peacefully at her Wellington, FL home on December 29, 2015 surrounded by her family. She was a devoted wife for 66 years to her husband, Howard, a loving mother to her children, Janet and Rob, their spouses Dan and Julie, and her grandchildren, Lindsay, Ben, and Michael. Funeral services will be held on Sunday, January 3rd at 10am at Gutterman-Warheit Memorial Chapel at 7240 North Federal Highway, Boca Raton, FL. A graveside service will be on Wednesday, January 6, 2016 at 11am at the Beth David Cemetery, 300 Elmont Rd, Elmont, NY. 1/3 

The renowned 98-year-old architect told the police that his aide, Eter Nikolaishvili, 28, grabbed his right forearm and forcefully twisted it on Dec. 13. The renowned 98-year-old architect told the police that his aide, Eter Nikolaishvili, 28, grabbed his right forearm and forcefully twisted it on Dec. 13. Police say Eter Nikolaishvili, home health aide to renowned architect I M Pei, has been charged with assaulting him inside his Manhattan home; Pei had reported that Nikolaishvili grabbed his right forearm and forcefully twisted it.

Three adults were killed and three others were severely injured when a tractor-trailer struck their S.U.V. on an icy highway, the police said. Three adults were killed and three others were severely injured when a tractor-trailer struck their S.U.V. on an icy highway, the police said. 

Hugo Galindo had planned to watch the ball drop in Times Square. But early Thursday morning, he was beaten and stabbed just blocks from his home. Hugo Galindo had planned to watch the ball drop in Times Square. But early Thursday morning, he was beaten and stabbed just blocks from his home. Hugo Galindo is beaten and fatally stabbed by six men in Norwood neighborhood of the Bronx during what police believe was robbery.

No. 16 Villanova may again be the team to beat in the Big East. It thumped No. 6 Xavier, 95-64, at home on Thursday. No. 16 Villanova may again be the team to beat in the Big East. It thumped No. 6 Xavier, 95-64, at home on Thursday. College Basketball Roundup; Villanova men's college basketball team defeats Xavier, 95-64; other men's and women's scores noted.

The king of the AbaThembu clan has started a 12-year sentence for arson, kidnapping and assault, local news media reported on Thursday. The king of the AbaThembu clan has started a 12-year sentence for arson, kidnapping and assault, local news media reported on Thursday. Buyelekhaya Dalindyebo, king of AbaThembu clan in South Africa, is beginning 12-year sentence for arson, kidnapping, and assault; had fought 2009 conviction for years before turning himself in.

Mr. Kagame announced his intention to seek a third term in 2017, confirming a decision that was widely expected after the approval of constitutional changes. Mr. Kagame announced his intention to seek a third term in 2017, confirming a decision that was widely expected after the approval of constitutional changes. Rwandan Pres Paul Kagame announces he will seek third term in 2017, move widely expected after approval of constitutional changes to election laws that could extend his stay in office until 2034.

If approved, the contract would include an 11 percent raise over seven years and measures that would enable more efficient prosecution of inmates who assault officers at Rikers Island. If approved, the contract would include an 11 percent raise over seven years and measures that would enable more efficient prosecution of inmates who assault officers at Rikers Island. Administration of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio announces it has tentatively reached labor contract with city's correction officers' union; if approved, contract will include 11 percent raise over seven years and measures to ensure more efficient prosecution of inmates who assault officers at Rikers Island. 

The leader and five of his companions were killed in a drive-by shooting just hours after he had handed over control of a strategic port to government troops. The leader and five of his companions were killed in a drive-by shooting just hours after he had handed over control of a strategic port to government troops. Assailants fatally shoot pro-government militia leader Ahmed al-Idrisi and five others in Aden, Yemen, hours after militia handed over city's strategic port to government; in Taiz, Yemen, hospital officials report attack that has injured at least 20 staff members.

The even has grown into a festival of fresh air hockey that this year included for the first time a professional women’s game. The even has grown into a festival of fresh air hockey that this year included for the first time a professional women’s game. NHL Roundup; New York Islanders defeat Buffalo Sabres, 2-1; other hockey scored noted.

As the new year approached on Thursday, the police in Munich evacuated two train stations and warned residents to avoid large groups, citing “concrete hints” about a possible attack. As the new year approached on Thursday, the police in Munich evacuated two train stations and warned residents to avoid large groups, citing “concrete hints” about a possible attack. Police in Munich evacuate train stations and urge residents to avoid large groups, citing hints of possible terrorist attack during New Year's celebrations; warning comes hours after senior European counterterrorism official says several countries are increasing their monitoring and surveillance and heightening security measures.

Legal experts said the road to conviction was filled with significant hurdles, including a lack of forensic evidence related to the decade-old allegation by the woman at the center of the case. Legal experts said the road to conviction was filled with significant hurdles, including a lack of forensic evidence related to the decade-old allegation by the woman at the center of the case. Legal experts say Montgomery County, Pa, Dist Atty Kevin Steele will have significant hurdles to clear in prosecuting Bill Cosby for aggravated indecent assault on Andrea Constand; lack of forensic evidence and decision by previous district attorney not to prosecute aid in Cosby defense; however, deposition given by Cosby in previous civil suit and accusations by dozens of women may prove useful to prosecution.

The 39-year-old Tim Duncan has missed San Antonio&#8217;s past three games, two of them with soreness in his right knee. The 39-year-old Tim Duncan has missed San Antonio&#8217;s past three games, two of them with soreness in his right knee. NBA Roundup; Milwaukee Bucks defeat Indiana Pacers, 120-116; other basketball scores and news noted.

The Red Storm dropped their Big East Conference opener on Thursday. Still Mullin, the St. John’s basketball legend turned first-year coach, sees signs of improvement. The Red Storm dropped their Big East Conference opener on Thursday. Still Mullin, the St. John’s basketball legend turned first-year coach, sees signs of improvement. Creighton men's college basketball team defeats St John's, 80-70, in their Big East Conference opener.

If a sports team rarely wins, why do some fans doggedly support it? Academics try to unravel the psychological quagmire. If a sports team rarely wins, why do some fans doggedly support it? Academics try to unravel the psychological quagmire. Keeping Score column; psychological model helps explain why fans stay with perennially losing teams; fandom develops over years, until allegiance to team is solidified.

Depending on whom you ask, the fault for the state of Bridge Park 2 lies with flawed zoning, communication breakdowns or the Jehovah’s Witnesses, who promised to fix it but never did. Depending on whom you ask, the fault for the state of Bridge Park 2 lies with flawed zoning, communication breakdowns or the Jehovah’s Witnesses, who promised to fix it but never did. Community leaders criticize Jehovah's Witnesses, Christian group also known as the Watchtower, for not fixing up parks in Dumbo, Brooklyn, as promised after making deal with city; parks department cites miscommunication and missed deadlines by religious group as reason for lack of progress.

Can greater defenses be erected? Should homes be vaulted on stilts? Or is it time for some communities to pack up and leave? Can greater defenses be erected? Should homes be vaulted on stilts? Or is it time for some communities to pack up and leave? Damage from recent flooding in Missouri raises questions about whether anything can be done to stanch threat from rising waters, or if it would be easier for residents to pack up and leave; record-breaking flood conditions have forced evacuation of thousands and caused 21 deaths in region.

Davis, who was mourning his mother when he earned a gold medal at the 1976 Montreal Olympics, had more than 100 victories as an amateur but never won a world title. Davis, who was mourning his mother when he earned a gold medal at the 1976 Montreal Olympics, had more than 100 victories as an amateur but never won a world title. Howard Davis Jr, boxer from Long Island who took gold at 1976 Olympics while mourning loss of his mother only days earlier, dies at age 59.

A look at how government services in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut will be affected. A look at how government services in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut will be affected. 

William Ackman’s hedge fund said in a regulatory filing that its stake was now 8.5 percent, down from 9.9 percent, of the drug company that has been drawing fire on several fronts. William Ackman’s hedge fund said in a regulatory filing that its stake was now 8.5 percent, down from 9.9 percent, of the drug company that has been drawing fire on several fronts. 

Quarterback Greg Ward Jr. and the Houston Cougars showed they could thrive in a big-game atmosphere against a big-name opponent. Quarterback Greg Ward Jr. and the Houston Cougars showed they could thrive in a big-game atmosphere against a big-name opponent. Houston defeats Florida State, 38-24, in Peach Bowl; other college football news noted.

A federal judge has warned that prosecutors may be going too far when they ask witnesses to keep quiet about receiving a subpoena. A federal judge has warned that prosecutors may be going too far when they ask witnesses to keep quiet about receiving a subpoena. Judge Raymond J Dearie rebukes United States attorney's office for practice by federal prosecutors of adding language to subpoenas requiring recipients to say nothing about requests; prosecutors have argued that secrecy orders keep defendants from retaliating, fleeing, or destroying evidence, but civil liberties groups and other opponents say it violates free speech.

The average tax rate for America&#8217;s top 400 income earners rose in 2013, but tax analysts said the tax structure still overwhelmingly favors the very well-off. The average tax rate for America&#8217;s top 400 income earners rose in 2013, but tax analysts said the tax structure still overwhelmingly favors the very well-off. News Analysis: experts say 2013 tax increases by Obama administration on top earners is victory for cause of tax justice, but top 400 earners still paid lower share of their reported income than those below them; ultra-wealthy taxpayers can be expected to find additional ways to shield their money from IRS in response to raised tax rates. 

A court document made public on Thursday suggests that defense lawyers will argue that Mr. Gray was already injured when he was loaded into a Baltimore police van. A court document made public on Thursday suggests that defense lawyers will argue that Mr. Gray was already injured when he was loaded into a Baltimore police van. Lawyers for Officer Caesar R Goodson Jr file document that says Freddie Gray Jr complained about back trouble less than two weeks before he died of broken neck while in police custody; prosecutors say Gray sustained injury while he was bound in police van driven by Goodson, but defense document suggests Goodson's team will argue that Gray was already injured.

Bill Cosby came close to escaping sexual assault charges. How many others do? Bill Cosby came close to escaping sexual assault charges. How many others do? Op-Ed article by writer Jill Filipovic makes case to abolish statute of limitations in cases of rape; cites example of Bill Cosby, who came close to escaping sexual misconduct charges in Pennsylvania because of state's  law; argues that sexual assault survivors do not always report crime immediately, and that waiting undermines justice for survivors; also maintains that ending limitations in states where they are in effect would not cause glut of reports of decades-old crimes.

A three-year rally was followed by a lackluster performance in 2015 but, given the year’s headwinds, it could have been worse. A three-year rally was followed by a lackluster performance in 2015 but, given the year’s headwinds, it could have been worse. Market convulsions of 2015 remind investors that stocks can be risky; analysts are cautiously optimistic for 2016, but many economic forces from previous year could continue to buffet markets.

Others are not pleased with the adoption of limits on the pretrial exchange of facts that lawyers call discovery. Others are not pleased with the adoption of limits on the pretrial exchange of facts that lawyers call discovery. Year-end report from Supreme Court Chief Justice John G Roberts Jr on state of federal judiciary welcomes major changes to rules governing civil litigation in federal courts, specifically limits on pretrial discovery; critics challenge Roberts' take, saying changes may be counterproductive.

Karen Quinones was overwhelmed and scrambling to take care of her four children, two of whom have pervasive developmental disorder, when she ended an unhealthy relationship. Karen Quinones was overwhelmed and scrambling to take care of her four children, two of whom have pervasive developmental disorder, when she ended an unhealthy relationship. Brooklyn Community Services, one of seven organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, uses $200 to help Karen Quinones of East New York buy Christmas presents and household supplies.

On Friday, a new law took effect that allows Texans with permits to carry concealed weapons to openly carry those weapons. On Friday, a new law took effect that allows Texans with permits to carry concealed weapons to openly carry those weapons. Open-carry law just passed in Texas allows certain residents to wear their handguns in holsters; bill triggers long-simmering debate over Texas' gun culture with supporters saying law will deter criminals and opponents countering that there is no evidence that open-carry states are safer.

The company joins Google, Facebook and others in disclosing when users of email and other services have probably been targeted by hackers working on behalf of governments. The company joins Google, Facebook and others in disclosing when users of email and other services have probably been targeted by hackers working on behalf of governments. Microsoft joins growing list of Internet companies who will notify users if they have been targets of state-sponsored online attacks; such attacks have increased in recent years, and involve sophisticated forms of deception to gain control of online accounts.

A preview of new and returning television arriving over the next three months. A preview of new and returning television arriving over the next three months. List of 20 notable television shows to watch for during winter 2016 season suggested. 

A 23-year-old photographer from Chile described the strange chuckle of one of the terrorists as he continued to fire into the crowd. A 23-year-old photographer from Chile described the strange chuckle of one of the terrorists as he continued to fire into the crowd. David Fritz-Goeppinger, who survived massacre at Bataclan concert hall during Paris terror attacks, describes his experiences while being held hostage by group of terrorists.

  

A critical guide to performances of classical music and opera in the New York City area. A critical guide to performances of classical music and opera in the New York City area. 

  

  

Clemson Coach Dabo Swinney has been accused of creating a culture on his team that goes too far in promoting Christianity, but he says his job is to win football games. Clemson Coach Dabo Swinney has been accused of creating a culture on his team that goes too far in promoting Christianity, but he says his job is to win football games. William C Rhoden Sports of The Times column on Clemson football coach Dabo Swinney, who has been accused of creating culture on his team that goes too far in promoting Christianity; asserts realistic head coaches, like Swinney, know most important part of their job is to win games, not save young souls.

  

  

  

  

Chancellor Angela Merkel dedicated a New Year’s Eve address to what she said her nation could gain from the refugee crisis. Chancellor Angela Merkel dedicated a New Year’s Eve address to what she said her nation could gain from the refugee crisis. 

  

“Jackson Pollock: A Collection Survey, 1934-1954” and “Take an Object” at MoMA show how the artist’s style developed as well as its influence on those who came after. “Jackson Pollock: A Collection Survey, 1934-1954” and “Take an Object” at MoMA show how the artist’s style developed as well as its influence on those who came after. Roberta Smith reviews exhibits Jackson Pollock: A Collection Survey, 1934-1954 and Take an Object, featuring works by Jasper Johns, Robert Rauschenberg and other artists influenced by Pollock, at Museum of Modern Art.

The sixth and final season of Julian Fellowes’s wildly popular drama about the British aristocracy and their employees begins this weekend on PBS. The sixth and final season of Julian Fellowes’s wildly popular drama about the British aristocracy and their employees begins this weekend on PBS. Mike Hale reviews sixth and final season of PBS television show Downton Abbey. 

The band, whose concerts take on their own narratives, myths and rituals, opened a four-night stretch Wednesday at Madison Square Garden, one of its most played venues. The band, whose concerts take on their own narratives, myths and rituals, opened a four-night stretch Wednesday at Madison Square Garden, one of its most played venues. Ben Ratliff reviews musical performance by band Phish at Madison Square Garden.

Desert X, as the show is to be called, will invite artists to respond to the California desert’s history, geology or mythology, or otherwise to create site-specific works. Desert X, as the show is to be called, will invite artists to respond to the California desert’s history, geology or mythology, or otherwise to create site-specific works. Inside Art column; upcoming Desert X art event in Palm Springs, Calif, area is scheduled for February through April 2017 to coincide with Modernism Week and Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival; High Line elevated park will exhibit provocative multimedia works by 10 artists; Portland Museum of Art in Maine, which has 700 works by Winslow Homer, acquires its first interior scene by painter, along with painting by Andrew Wyeth.

The investment firm is on an aggressive campaign to sell assets after the arrest of its founder and former chief, André Esteves. The investment firm is on an aggressive campaign to sell assets after the arrest of its founder and former chief, André Esteves. 

Gabrielle Demeestere’s debut feature is adapted in part from stories by James Franco, who is a co-star in the movie. Gabrielle Demeestere’s debut feature is adapted in part from stories by James Franco, who is a co-star in the movie. Glenn Kenny reviews movie Yosemite, directed by Gabrielle Demeestere. 

Kaneza Schaal’s mourning for her father’s death led her to create “Go Forth,” a performance and installation piece opening at Westbeth Artists Community. Kaneza Schaal’s mourning for her father’s death led her to create “Go Forth,” a performance and installation piece opening at Westbeth Artists Community. Coil festival announces schedule for 2016, including world premiere of performance and installation piece Go Forth by experimental theater artist Kaneza Schaal. 

  

The resulting work, “The Art of Luv (Part One): Elliot” by the Royal Osiris Karaoke Ensemble at the Under the Radar festival, is an experimental blend of technology and genre. The resulting work, “The Art of Luv (Part One): Elliot” by the Royal Osiris Karaoke Ensemble at the Under the Radar festival, is an experimental blend of technology and genre. Royal Osiris Karaoke Ensemble will premiere its experimental performance piece The Art of Luv (Part One): Elliot, which is based on imagery and video from college spree killer Elliot Rodger, for Under the Radar festival at Public Theater; other performance festivals held in January listed.. 

A self-destructive filmmaker walks cluelessly toward her own undoing as she tries to make a documentary about people who live on the streets. A self-destructive filmmaker walks cluelessly toward her own undoing as she tries to make a documentary about people who live on the streets. Jeannette Catsoulis reviews movie Other People's Children, directed by Liz Hinlein and starring Diane Marshall-Green and Chad Michael Murray. 

His show at Launch F18 plays in the gap between what viewers see and what they understand. His show at Launch F18 plays in the gap between what viewers see and what they understand. Ken Johnson reviews exhibit Discrete Pieces by sculptor Nathaniel Robinson at Launch F18 gallery.

Mr. Takahata’s 1991 feature about a woman and her younger self gets a new voice cast (including Daisy Ridley) for its release in the United States. Mr. Takahata’s 1991 feature about a woman and her younger self gets a new voice cast (including Daisy Ridley) for its release in the United States. Nicolas Rapold reviews United States release of 1991 anime film Only Yesterday, directed by Isao Takahata. 

Ms. Choit’s show at Rawson Projects raises questions about the overlapping of art and advertising. Ms. Choit’s show at Rawson Projects raises questions about the overlapping of art and advertising. Martha Schwendener reviews exhibit Pronk by artist Barb Choit at Rawson Projects.

More messages are disclosed, but officials fail to meet a judge’s requirement to produce 82 percent of her emails by the end of the year. More messages are disclosed, but officials fail to meet a judge’s requirement to produce 82 percent of her emails by the end of the year. State Department discloses additional 5,500 pages of former Sec of State Hillary Clinton's e-mail messages, but acknowledges failure to meet target set by federal judge of producing 82 percent of documents by end of 2015;  pledges to complete disclosure in early 2016. 

This opera based on a short story by Judy Budnitz will be performed at the Skirball Center for the Performing Arts Jan. 9-11. This opera based on a short story by Judy Budnitz will be performed at the Skirball Center for the Performing Arts Jan. 9-11. David T Little and Royce Vavrek new music opera Dog Days will have its New York premiere at Skirball Center for the Performing Arts as part of Prototype: Opera/Theater/Now festival.

In this adventure film, an experienced climber and his protégé form a lifelong bond when they reach the world’s third highest peak together. In this adventure film, an experienced climber and his protégé form a lifelong bond when they reach the world’s third highest peak together. Ben Kenigsberg reviews movie The Himalayas, directed by Lee Seok-hoon and starring Hwang Jung-min and Jung Woo.

Mr. Stingel presents Styrofoam works splashed with acid or decorated with graffiti by visitors. Mr. Stingel presents Styrofoam works splashed with acid or decorated with graffiti by visitors. Roberta Smith reviews exhibit 2000-2003 by artist Rudolf Stingel at Nahmad Contemporary.

Ms. Carnwath’s exhibit at Jane Lombard Gallery is her first solo show in New York in more than a decade. Ms. Carnwath’s exhibit at Jane Lombard Gallery is her first solo show in New York in more than a decade. Roberta Smith reviews solo exhibit What Before Comes After by artist Squeak Carnwath at Jane Lombard Gallery.

Weekend entertainments from the archives of The New York Times, including the beginning of the Times Square celebration more than 100 years ago. Weekend entertainments from the archives of The New York Times, including the beginning of the Times Square celebration more than 100 years ago. Friday File column; New York Times archives look back at coverage of first four New Year's Eve celebrations in Times Square, which were prompted by newspaper's move uptown in 1905 and were held at its new headquarters.

Whether you’re hoping to improve your body or your mind — or just add to your cocktail conversation repertory — this weekend is full of events for self-improvement. Whether you’re hoping to improve your body or your mind — or just add to your cocktail conversation repertory — this weekend is full of events for self-improvement. 

Inmates who escaped from a prison in Buenos Aires Province wounded the officers, officials said, as two politicians blamed each other for the breakout. Inmates who escaped from a prison in Buenos Aires Province wounded the officers, officials said, as two politicians blamed each other for the breakout. Three escaped convicts shoot and injure two traffic police officers at checkpoint 80 miles south of Buenos Aires; fugitives, who remain at large, had been serving life sentences for murder.

The social network had revoked Politwoops’s access to its API earlier this year. The social network had revoked Politwoops’s access to its API earlier this year. 

Tonya Couch was brought to Los Angeles by United States marshals and will be later returned to Texas. Tonya Couch was brought to Los Angeles by United States marshals and will be later returned to Texas. 

The dominance of the three Detroit giants has slipped and foreign brands like Toyota and Kia have filled the gap. The dominance of the three Detroit giants has slipped and foreign brands like Toyota and Kia have filled the gap. Wheels column; Detroit's big three automakers--General Motors, Ford and DaimlerChrysler-- are seeing loss of market-share in 2015, despite record-breaking sales; Japanese and Korean automakers are making significant gains, while niche brands like Subaru and BMW steadily grow; analysts say market evolution benefits consumers who now have more choices. 

More Americans requested unemployment benefits last week, but the unemployment level remains near a 42-year low. More Americans requested unemployment benefits last week, but the unemployment level remains near a 42-year low. 

This exhibition of a Gaddi altarpiece also offers a lesson in how the New-York Historical Society and other museums should safeguard their patrimony. This exhibition of a Gaddi altarpiece also offers a lesson in how the New-York Historical Society and other museums should safeguard their patrimony. Ken Johnson reviews exhibit Maesta: Gaddi’s Triptych Reunited, featuring works by 13th-century Italian painter Taddeo Gaddi and others, at New-York Historical Society.

Daniel Felsenfeld presented “Astrophysical Mass” as part of a program to create new Mass settings and texts. Daniel Felsenfeld presented “Astrophysical Mass” as part of a program to create new Mass settings and texts. Zachary Woolfe reviews premiere of Daniel Felsenfeld musical work Astrophysical Mass, performed by Choir of Trinity Wall Street and ensemble Novus NY, at Trinity Wall Street as part of Twelfth Night Festival.

The new 18-day theater festival, which begins on Jan. 13, in the combined effort of several Brooklyn theaters seeking broader exposure for local work. The new 18-day theater festival, which begins on Jan. 13, in the combined effort of several Brooklyn theaters seeking broader exposure for local work. Exponential Festival, 18-day theater event created by director Theresa Buchheister and playwright Eliza Bent in 2015, features number of Brooklyn-based works performed at theaters around the borough.  

“Reconstructions: Recent Photographs and Video From the Met Collection” includes works by Moyra Davey, Erica Baum and others. “Reconstructions: Recent Photographs and Video From the Met Collection” includes works by Moyra Davey, Erica Baum and others. Martha Schwendener reviews photography exhibit Reconstructions: Recent Photographs and Video From the Met Collection at Metropolitan Museum of Art.

The Ministry of Education decided not to include the novel “Borderlife” by Dorit Rabinyan for high school literature classes, setting off a debate. The Ministry of Education decided not to include the novel “Borderlife” by Dorit Rabinyan for high school literature classes, setting off a debate. Israel's Ministry of Education decides to exclude Dorit Rabinyan novel Borderlife, which explores romance between Israeli woman and Palestinian man, from required reading list for Hebrew high school literature classes, noting its inclusion during time of heightened tensions 'could do more harm than good'; move triggers debate, with right-wing groups supporting decision and left-wing groups denouncing it.

Surge pricing was in effect on everything from breadsticks to bar stools as restaurants and nightclubs got ready for New Year’s Eve. Surge pricing was in effect on everything from breadsticks to bar stools as restaurants and nightclubs got ready for New Year’s Eve. New Year's Eve is most lucrative night of year for many club, bar and restaurant owners, who charge premiums on all food, entertainment and services, and can determine whether or not venues will be in red or black.

Emanuel L. Lutchman, 25, was arrested and accused of preparing to stage a New Year’s Eve machete attack on diners at a local restaurant. Emanuel L. Lutchman, 25, was arrested and accused of preparing to stage a New Year’s Eve machete attack on diners at a local restaurant. Emanuel L Lutchman is arrested and charged with planning New Year's Eve machete attack on diners at local Rochester, NY, restaurant, as part of plan to help Islamic State.

The Cook County state’s attorney, Anita Alvarez, sought the F.B.I.’s help after the deaths of Quintonio LeGrier and Bettie Jones last week. The Cook County state’s attorney, Anita Alvarez, sought the F.B.I.’s help after the deaths of Quintonio LeGrier and Bettie Jones last week. Illinois State's Atty Anita Alvarez asks FBI to investigate fatal shooting of Quintonio LeGrier and Bettie Jones by Chicago police officer; request comes as Mayor Rahm Emanuel's administration releases thousands of emails detailing how City Hall aides addressed earlier police shooting of Laquan McDonald, which was caught on tape; Emanuel has faced demonstrations and calls for his resignation over conduct of police in McDonald's killing.

Crimea residents will be asked if they want to accept a new electricity contract with Ukraine, even if it states the Black Sea peninsula is part of Ukraine. Crimea residents will be asked if they want to accept a new electricity contract with Ukraine, even if it states the Black Sea peninsula is part of Ukraine. Russian Pres Vladimir V Putin is ordering survey to determine whether residents of Crimea want to accept Ukraine's latest contract to supply electricity, which states explicitly that peninsula is part of Ukraine, or if they want to reject it in order to reaffirm being part of Russia. 


Three research groups, working independently of one another, reported in the journal Science on Thursday that a powerful new gene-editing technique could treat Duchenne muscular dystrophy in mice. Three research groups, working independently of one another, reported in the journal Science on Thursday that a powerful new gene-editing technique could treat Duchenne muscular dystrophy in mice. Three research groups, reporting in journal Science, describe using new gene-editing technique Crispr-Cas9 to treat mice with defective dystrophin gene; research marks important step toward potential treatment for Duchenne muscular dystrophy; remains unclear how human immune system would react to therapy.

Europeans have been more willing to embrace the hatchback style, but the iM’s ample room and alert driving feel could change some minds in America. Europeans have been more willing to embrace the hatchback style, but the iM’s ample room and alert driving feel could change some minds in America. Driven column review of Toyota's 2016 Scion iM. 

The writer and director discusses a scene featuring Charlotte Rampling and Tom Courtenay. The writer and director discusses a scene featuring Charlotte Rampling and Tom Courtenay. 

A 63-story luxury hotel in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, burst into flames on Thursday evening. Over a dozen people were reported to have been injured. A 63-story luxury hotel in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, burst into flames on Thursday evening. Over a dozen people were reported to have been injured. Large crowd is evacuated from luxury hotel skyscraper Address Downtown Dubai after fire breaks out in building on New Year's Eve; government of Dubai officials say fire originated outside hotel, and internal safety systems stopped it from spreading.

Juan F. Thompson’s memoir is a careful yet harrowing account of a father-and-son relationship that grew very dark before it began to admit hints of light. Juan F. Thompson’s memoir is a careful yet harrowing account of a father-and-son relationship that grew very dark before it began to admit hints of light. Dwight Garner reviews book Stories I Tell Myself: Growing Up With Hunter S Thompson by Juan F Thompson.

Jerry Seinfeld asked the president about his underwear during an episode of his show “Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee.” Jerry Seinfeld asked the president about his underwear during an episode of his show “Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee.” 

President Hassan Rouhani, responding to American plans for new sanctions over Iran’s tests of missiles, told his Defense Ministry to build more of them. President Hassan Rouhani, responding to American plans for new sanctions over Iran’s tests of missiles, told his Defense Ministry to build more of them. Iranian Pres Hassan Rouhani, responding to suggestion that United States may impose more sanctions over Iranian missiles, orders his Defense Ministry to build more; reaction comes amid increased tensions between Iran and US.

The annual survey from Lake Superior State University in Michigan compiles the nominations. The annual survey from Lake Superior State University in Michigan compiles the nominations. 

Over two days in Iowa in the final stretch before the caucuses, the two political thoroughbreds showed strikingly different campaign styles. Over two days in Iowa in the final stretch before the caucuses, the two political thoroughbreds showed strikingly different campaign styles. Presidential campaigns of New Jersey Gov Chris Christie and Florida Sen Marco Rubio are compared and examined, as they enter crucial leg of race.

Mr. Cruz and Ben Carson were the first of the 2016 presidential candidates to release details of how much money they raised during the final fund-raising quarter of the year. Mr. Cruz and Ben Carson were the first of the 2016 presidential candidates to release details of how much money they raised during the final fund-raising quarter of the year. 

The change is in response to psychologists’ strict new ethics rules, Pentagon officials said, in the latest fallout after years of recriminations over the profession’s role in harsh interrogations. The change is in response to psychologists’ strict new ethics rules, Pentagon officials said, in the latest fallout after years of recriminations over the profession’s role in harsh interrogations. Gen John F Kelly, head of United States Southern Command, curtails use of psychologists at Guantanamo Bay prison; order is in response to 2015 changes in ethics rules of American Psychological Assn now prohibiting psychologists from taking part in detainee interviews or providing feedback to government interrogators.

The company’s websites and popular video-on-demand service were offline for roughly three hours; the BBC’s television and radio stations were not affected. The company’s websites and popular video-on-demand service were offline for roughly three hours; the BBC’s television and radio stations were not affected. 

Passengers on a flight from Shanghai to Toronto on Wednesday were thrown from their seats, some hitting the ceiling, as the plane suddenly plummeted. It then made an emergency landing in Calgary. Passengers on a flight from Shanghai to Toronto on Wednesday were thrown from their seats, some hitting the ceiling, as the plane suddenly plummeted. It then made an emergency landing in Calgary. Transportation Safety Board of Canada is investigating incident in which Air Canada jet suddenly plummeted during severe turbulence, injuring 21 passengers.

Turning to some of 2015’s most successful investors and analysts for an annual look at what to expect next year. Turning to some of 2015’s most successful investors and analysts for an annual look at what to expect next year. James B Stewart Common Sense column offers his annual look at year ahead for investors, featuring advice from some of 2015's most successful investors and analysts.

Despite a 5-10 record, the Jaguars should be encouraged by the improvement of Bortles, 23, who ranks second in N.F.L. passing touchdowns and sixth in passing yards. Despite a 5-10 record, the Jaguars should be encouraged by the improvement of Bortles, 23, who ranks second in N.F.L. passing touchdowns and sixth in passing yards. Analysis; Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Blake Bortles future looks bright, despite team's current 5-10 record; ranks second in passing touchdowns, just one behind New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, and sixth in passing yards.

Men and women from Chad testified about their ordeals in a Senegal court, where Hissène Habré is being tried for atrocities during his rule between 1982 and 1990. Men and women from Chad testified about their ordeals in a Senegal court, where Hissène Habré is being tried for atrocities during his rule between 1982 and 1990. Stories of torture, rape and killings come to light during witness testimony in trial of Hissene Habre, former president of Chad, who is accused of crimes against humanity, war crimes, and torture from 1982 to 1990; trial is being held in Senegal by special court, known as Extraordinary African Chambers, that was created specifically for Habre.

You may have a few other troubleshooting steps available if the Rebuild command under the Mailbox menu has not resolved the problem. You may have a few other troubleshooting steps available if the Rebuild command under the Mailbox menu has not resolved the problem. 

Modest losses dragged the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index back into the red for the year. With dividends included, it will have a slight gain. Modest losses dragged the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index back into the red for the year. With dividends included, it will have a slight gain. 

The Warriors, now 29-2, lost on Wednesday for the second time this season, but even the 72-10 Chicago Bulls of 1995-96 had a groaner: a 32-point loss to the Knicks. The Warriors, now 29-2, lost on Wednesday for the second time this season, but even the 72-10 Chicago Bulls of 1995-96 had a groaner: a 32-point loss to the Knicks. Closer look at rare big losses by 10 best teams in NBA history suggests that Golden State Warriors' chances of historic season would dim considerably if their star point guard Stephen Curry remains on sideline.

The Spanish, who barely eat truffles, have taken up the slack for a declining French output, committing resources to cultivating a lucrative foodstuff. The Spanish, who barely eat truffles, have taken up the slack for a declining French output, committing resources to cultivating a lucrative foodstuff. Sarrion Journal; Spain's production of truffles is rising even as it continues to decline in France, with country exporting nearly 95 percent of its truffle harvest since local cuisine rarely uses it; regional government in Aragon, Spain, is helping subsidize irrigation system for truffle farmers in area; shift is helping boost fortunes of towns like Sarrion, Spain.

Connor Cummings, 20, of Rockaway, N.J., and a friend had reached the 52nd floor of the hotel in Midtown Manhattan and were trying to take photos of the skyline, the police said. Connor Cummings, 20, of Rockaway, N.J., and a friend had reached the 52nd floor of the hotel in Midtown Manhattan and were trying to take photos of the skyline, the police said. Authorities say Connor Cummings of Rockaway, NJ, fell to his death after he and a friend climbed to roof of Four Seasons Hotel in order to take photos.

BP and ConocoPhillips airlifted staff members after the vessel owned by Eide Marine of Norway broke loose, but the companies planned to resume production. BP and ConocoPhillips airlifted staff members after the vessel owned by Eide Marine of Norway broke loose, but the companies planned to resume production. Barge set loose by violent weather in North Sea that drifted past several oil rigs, prompting BP and ConocoPhillips to evacuate hundreds of workers and halt production, is secured. 

New York, Paris, Brussels and other cities have increased police presences or scaled back festivities as the holiday unfolds in an atmosphere of heightened surveillance. New York, Paris, Brussels and other cities have increased police presences or scaled back festivities as the holiday unfolds in an atmosphere of heightened surveillance. 

This vessel, unlike the first, will be produced entirely using the country’s own designs and technology, the Defense Ministry said. This vessel, unlike the first, will be produced entirely using the country’s own designs and technology, the Defense Ministry said. China's Ministry of National Defense confirms they are building their second aircraft carrier.

The investigation was announced after several retailers were accused of not passing along savings to consumers who bought items at major hubs including Heathrow Airport. The investigation was announced after several retailers were accused of not passing along savings to consumers who bought items at major hubs including Heathrow Airport. 

Some of the men, members of a club called the Kamikaze Riders, have ties to extremist Islam, according to the authorities. Some of the men, members of a club called the Kamikaze Riders, have ties to extremist Islam, according to the authorities. Belgian authorities announce that they have arrested six men in connection with plot to attack Brussels on New Year's Eve; men, who are members of motorcycle club called Kamikaze Riders, appear to be linked to radical Islamist group Sharia4Belgium.

An increase of up to 9.6 percent, which would affect mostly older tenants, results from a state formula that differs from factors New York City’s rent board used in freezing stabilized rents. An increase of up to 9.6 percent, which would affect mostly older tenants, results from a state formula that differs from factors New York City’s rent board used in freezing stabilized rents. New York State Division of Housing and Community Renewal proposal to increase rent by 9.6% over two-year period for New York City tenants in rent-controlled apartments triggers outrage; tenants complain they are being singled out, but landlords argue that system used by state housing agency to calculate increases, which differs from New York City Rent Guidelines Board, is more fair. 

American senators have accused China of detaining the brothers of the journalist Shohret Hoshur in retaliation for his coverage of unrest in the country’s Xinjiang region. American senators have accused China of detaining the brothers of the journalist Shohret Hoshur in retaliation for his coverage of unrest in the country’s Xinjiang region. Chinese release two brothers of Radio Free Asia journalist Shohret Hoshur after keeping them in custody for nearly two years on charges of endangering state security and leaking secrets; Shohret's third brother remains in prison; American lawmakers posit that Shohret's brothers were targeted in retaliation for reporting on tensions between government and Uighur minority.

Mr. Hugh’s blog, which pointed out flaws at the root of Europe’s ambition to bind together disparate economies with a single currency, attracted a wide following. Mr. Hugh’s blog, which pointed out flaws at the root of Europe’s ambition to bind together disparate economies with a single currency, attracted a wide following. Edward Hugh, freethinking British economist who drew early attention to looming European debt crisis in 2009 and 2010, dies at age 67.

Mr. Weissman, who started at a time when publicity meant hot tips for newspaper reporters, worked on behalf of at least 38 best-picture nominees. Mr. Weissman, who started at a time when publicity meant hot tips for newspaper reporters, worked on behalf of at least 38 best-picture nominees. Murray Weissman, Hollywood publicist who ushered in era of focused campaigns for movie  awards, particularly Oscars, dies at age 90.

“50 First Jokes NYC” celebrates its 10th anniversary with a show at the Bell House in Brooklyn on Saturday, with 50 comedians trying for new laughs in the new year. “50 First Jokes NYC” celebrates its 10th anniversary with a show at the Bell House in Brooklyn on Saturday, with 50 comedians trying for new laughs in the new year. Bell House in Gowanus, Brooklyn, is hosting 10th anniversary of '50 First Jokes NYC' show, where fifty comedians perform completely new material; producers aim for intimate, informal atmosphere with broad range of local comics; five participants discuss spirit of event.

 Donald J. Trump said there was little he could do about his appearance in a recruitment video that was posted by the terrorist group Shabab. Donald J. Trump said there was little he could do about his appearance in a recruitment video that was posted by the terrorist group Shabab.

 David Woolf sets a record. David Woolf sets a record.

Gisela Mota, the mayor of Temixco, south of Mexico’s capital, was shot to death Saturday along with two other people. Two suspects were held, and officials attributed the killings to organized crime. Gisela Mota, the mayor of Temixco, south of Mexico’s capital, was shot to death Saturday along with two other people. Two suspects were held, and officials attributed the killings to organized crime. Temixco, Mexico, Mayor Gisela Mota is shot to death less than day after taking office; killing is attributed to organized crime.

 Able children help children with disabilities join in the game. Able children help children with disabilities join in the game.

 Senator Bernie Sanders’s presidential campaign took in more than $33 million in the final three months of the 2015, as his wide base of small donors enabled him to raise just $4 million less than his rival Hillary Clinton in their fight for the Democratic nomination. Senator Bernie Sanders’s presidential campaign took in more than $33 million in the final three months of the 2015, as his wide base of small donors enabled him to raise just $4 million less than his rival Hillary Clinton in their fight for the Democratic nomination.

 We welcome back Marching bands by Brendan Emmett Quigley. We welcome back Marching bands by Brendan Emmett Quigley.

 It’s about self-discipline. It’s about self-discipline.

Quotation of the Day for Saturday, January 2, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Saturday, January 2, 2016. 

Corrections appearing in print on Saturday, January 2, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Saturday, January 2, 2016. 

Viewers may want to catch up on a year gone by by taking in the space drama “The Martian” or the scabrous comedy “Chi-Raq.” There’s also comfortable postholiday fodder like “Meet the Parents.” Viewers may want to catch up on a year gone by by taking in the space drama “The Martian” or the scabrous comedy “Chi-Raq.” There’s also comfortable postholiday fodder like “Meet the Parents.” 

VINSON--Myron "Mike", on December 30, 2015. Adored husband of Carol. Beloved father of Daniel and Laura. Cherished grandfather of Adam and Hannah. Service January 3, 2016, 10am at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street. 1/3 VINSON--Myron "Mike", on December 30, 2015. Adored husband of Carol. Beloved father of Daniel and Laura. Cherished grandfather of Adam and Hannah. Service January 3, 2016, 10am at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street. 1/3 

ROSEN--Baran S.,passed away after a brief illness. He is survived by his wife Margie; children Sarah and Michael; brothers Russell (Eileen) and Alan (Lyn); sister and brother-in-law Susan and Bob Lewin and many nieces and nephews. Our North Star and center of gravity, he will be missed and loved forever. Funeral Sunday, 11:15am, Riverside Memorial Chapel, Amsterdam and 76th St. 1/3 ROSEN--Baran S.,passed away after a brief illness. He is survived by his wife Margie; children Sarah and Michael; brothers Russell (Eileen) and Alan (Lyn); sister and brother-in-law Susan and Bob Lewin and many nieces and nephews. Our North Star and center of gravity, he will be missed and loved forever. Funeral Sunday, 11:15am, Riverside Memorial Chapel, Amsterdam and 76th St. 1/3 

BENDAHAN--Maurice, died peacefully January 1. Loving husband of Yvette and father of Miriam and great uncle. Funeral Sunday, January 3, 9:30am, Plaza Jewish Community Chapel, 630 Amsterdam Ave at 91st St, New York. Interment at Beth Olam Cemetery in Ridgewood, Queens. 1/3 BENDAHAN--Maurice, died peacefully January 1. Loving husband of Yvette and father of Miriam and great uncle. Funeral Sunday, January 3, 9:30am, Plaza Jewish Community Chapel, 630 Amsterdam Ave at 91st St, New York. Interment at Beth Olam Cemetery in Ridgewood, Queens. 1/3 

PHILLIPS--Elizabeth, a highly respected private dealer in rare livre d'artiste with a specialty in Russian and Eastern European avant-garde, died in New York City, December 14, 2015. She is deeply missed by her children, Julian and Hannah, and by many loving family members, friends and business associates. 1/3 PHILLIPS--Elizabeth, a highly respected private dealer in rare livre d'artiste with a specialty in Russian and Eastern European avant-garde, died in New York City, December 14, 2015. She is deeply missed by her children, Julian and Hannah, and by many loving family members, friends and business associates. 1/3 

RIFKIN-COMRAS--Blanche. Passed away December 31, 2015 at the age of 99. Loving wife to the late Oscar Comras and Louis Rifkin; Dear sister to Gertrude Goldstein; Beloved mother to Madelyn Katz (Albert) and Donald Comras (Albert Husted); Adored grandmother of Jay Katz and David Katz (Lauren Hurvitz); Ecstatic great- grandmother of Sam Katz, Amanda Katz, Natalie Katz, CC Katz, and Lila Katz; Cherished aunt to all her nieces and nephews. A bundle of energy and pillar of the community, she worked tirelessly for: The Advisory Board of Jacobi Hospital; The Advisory Board of Einstein/Montefiore; Member of the Community Board 11 for 30 years; The Board of Directors of Bronx House; and National Council of Jewish Women. Services will be held at the Shalom Jewish Funeral Home, 1528 Castle Hill Avenue, Bronx on Sunday, January 3, 2016 at 11:30am. Interment: Mt. Hebron Cemetery. Donations in her name may be made to: www.bronxhouse.org or to: www.ujafedny.org. 1/3 RIFKIN-COMRAS--Blanche. Passed away December 31, 2015 at the age of 99. Loving wife to the late Oscar Comras and Louis Rifkin; Dear sister to Gertrude Goldstein; Beloved mother to Madelyn Katz (Albert) and Donald Comras (Albert Husted); Adored grandmother of Jay Katz and David Katz (Lauren Hurvitz); Ecstatic great- grandmother of Sam Katz, Amanda Katz, Natalie Katz, CC Katz, and Lila Katz; Cherished aunt to all her nieces and nephews. A bundle of energy and pillar of the community, she worked tirelessly for: The Advisory Board of Jacobi Hospital; The Advisory Board of Einstein/Montefiore; Member of the Community Board 11 for 30 years; The Board of Directors of Bronx House; and National Council of Jewish Women. Services will be held at the Shalom Jewish Funeral Home, 1528 Castle Hill Avenue, Bronx on Sunday, January 3, 2016 at 11:30am. Interment: Mt. Hebron Cemetery. Donations in her name may be made to: www.bronxhouse.org or to: www.ujafedny.org. 1/3 

FLOOD--Charles Andrew, 77, died at his home in New York City on December 23 with his adored wife Kristin by his side. Born in New York City, Charlie was a graduate of Riverdale Country Day School and Amherst College. He spent his early investment career at M.A. Shapiro, New Court Securities, and E.M. Warburg Pincus. For the past 32 years, Charlie and Kristin were business partners of Flood Gamble Associates, an investment management firm. Recently, Flood Gamble joined American Capital Management. Charlie was a dedicated and scrupulously honest businessperson who brought his deep intelligence to his tireless work for his clients. He enjoyed getting to know people of all backgrounds and loved nothing more than the everyday banter he had with friends, clients, neighbors, and everyone he encountered. He had a unique sense of humor and enjoyed gently ribbing people. His weekends were spent gardening and doing chores-Charlie's way of relaxing-in their second home and beloved community of Hudson, New York. Charlie loved the Hudson Valley and, with Kristin, was dedicated to the protection of the Hudson River and its environs. A lifelong Democrat and avid Obama supporter, Charlie enjoyed talking politics and railing against what he felt were the wrongs in society. He also contributed to many social causes. Charlie learned guitar as an adult and his playing and singing were an integral part of his time spent with family. A much-loved spouse, father, and grandfather, Charlie will be greatly missed by his wife of 40 years, Kristin Gamble, his daughters Deborah Flood and Karen Flood, his son-in-law Michael Benedek, and his grandchildren Naomi, Oscar and Violet. A celebration of Charlie will be held at 4:30pm on January 7 at the Metropolitan Club at 1 East 60th Street in New York City. In lieu of flowers, please send donations to Scenic Hudson at http://www.scenic hudson.org/donate, or Scenic Hudson, Attn: Veronica Renzo, One Civic Center Plaza, Suite 200, Poughkeepsie, NY 12601. 1/3 FLOOD--Charles Andrew, 77, died at his home in New York City on December 23 with his adored wife Kristin by his side. Born in New York City, Charlie was a graduate of Riverdale Country Day School and Amherst College. He spent his early investment career at M.A. Shapiro, New Court Securities, and E.M. Warburg Pincus. For the past 32 years, Charlie and Kristin were business partners of Flood Gamble Associates, an investment management firm. Recently, Flood Gamble joined American Capital Management. Charlie was a dedicated and scrupulously honest businessperson who brought his deep intelligence to his tireless work for his clients. He enjoyed getting to know people of all backgrounds and loved nothing more than the everyday banter he had with friends, clients, neighbors, and everyone he encountered. He had a unique sense of humor and enjoyed gently ribbing people. His weekends were spent gardening and doing chores-Charlie's way of relaxing-in their second home and beloved community of Hudson, New York. Charlie loved the Hudson Valley and, with Kristin, was dedicated to the protection of the Hudson River and its environs. A lifelong Democrat and avid Obama supporter, Charlie enjoyed talking politics and railing against what he felt were the wrongs in society. He also contributed to many social causes. Charlie learned guitar as an adult and his playing and singing were an integral part of his time spent with family. A much-loved spouse, father, and grandfather, Charlie will be greatly missed by his wife of 40 years, Kristin Gamble, his daughters Deborah Flood and Karen Flood, his son-in-law Michael Benedek, and his grandchildren Naomi, Oscar and Violet. A celebration of Charlie will be held at 4:30pm on January 7 at the Metropolitan Club at 1 East 60th Street in New York City. In lieu of flowers, please send donations to Scenic Hudson at http://www.scenic hudson.org/donate, or Scenic Hudson, Attn: Veronica Renzo, One Civic Center Plaza, Suite 200, Poughkeepsie, NY 12601. 1/3 

KAPLAN--Joel "Gonk," died on Tuesday, December 29, 2015, in his home in Wallkill, NY after a long illness. He was born in Brooklyn and was the son of the late Florence and Harry Kaplan. He was predeceased by his twin brother Ira Kaplan. He is survived by his loving wife Carol Kaplan; sons Laurence Berland and Noah Berland; brothers Steven Kaplan and Richard Kaplan; sister-in-law Jo-Ann Segal; brother-in-law Keith Crossley; sisters-in-law Denise Kaplan, Ann Johnson, and Sherry Kaplan; nieces and nephews Michelle Kratochvil, Michael Kaplan, Rachel Newell, and Casiel Kaplan. Joel was a true Renaissance Man and salt of the earth who was loved by all he touched. He will be deeply missed by all. Donations can be made to the Perlmutter Cancer Center, NYU Langone Medical Center, Lung Cancer Research Fund. Graveside service Sunday, 11am, Wellwood Cemetery. For further information, visit www.jewish-funeral- home.com. 1/3 KAPLAN--Joel "Gonk," died on Tuesday, December 29, 2015, in his home in Wallkill, NY after a long illness. He was born in Brooklyn and was the son of the late Florence and Harry Kaplan. He was predeceased by his twin brother Ira Kaplan. He is survived by his loving wife Carol Kaplan; sons Laurence Berland and Noah Berland; brothers Steven Kaplan and Richard Kaplan; sister-in-law Jo-Ann Segal; brother-in-law Keith Crossley; sisters-in-law Denise Kaplan, Ann Johnson, and Sherry Kaplan; nieces and nephews Michelle Kratochvil, Michael Kaplan, Rachel Newell, and Casiel Kaplan. Joel was a true Renaissance Man and salt of the earth who was loved by all he touched. He will be deeply missed by all. Donations can be made to the Perlmutter Cancer Center, NYU Langone Medical Center, Lung Cancer Research Fund. Graveside service Sunday, 11am, Wellwood Cemetery. For further information, visit www.jewish-funeral- home.com. 1/3 

HARTE--Judith Shereff, of Livingston, NJ, passed away in New York City on Wednesday, December 30, 2015 after a long and courageous fight with lung cancer. She was 77. Judi was an amazing mother, grandmother, sister, and woman. She enjoyed gardening, reading, painting, sculpting, music and building and fixing things. For a small person, Judi had a huge heart and always opened up her home and her heart to help others. After Hurricane Sandy, she had many displaced people stay with her for extended periods of time and never felt like it was too much; instead, she always said that she wished they would stay longer since she really enjoyed being with them and helping them. Judi was born to Abraham and Rose Shereff on June 18, 1938 in New York City and raised in Forest Hills, NY. She was preceded in death by her parents. Judi is survived by her brother and sister-in-law Richard and Susan Shereff; daughter Helaine Harte and son-in-law David Rhode, her sons and daughters-in-law Douglas and Ronni Harte and Jonathan and Belynda Harte; and the pride of her life, her grandchildren, Alex and Haleigh Harte and Tyler, Casey and Rebecca Rhode. Judi loved all animals. After being a teacher and raising her children, she worked at Turtle Back Zoo in West Orange, NJ, and spent many years rescuing and rehabilitating injured and orphaned wild animals and birds. In lieu of flowers, memorial donations may be made to The Turtle Back Zoo in Judi's honor. Funeral service will be held at Plaza Jewish Community Chapel at 630 Amsterdam Avenue in New York City at 11:30am on Sunday, January 3rd. 1/3 HARTE--Judith Shereff, of Livingston, NJ, passed away in New York City on Wednesday, December 30, 2015 after a long and courageous fight with lung cancer. She was 77. Judi was an amazing mother, grandmother, sister, and woman. She enjoyed gardening, reading, painting, sculpting, music and building and fixing things. For a small person, Judi had a huge heart and always opened up her home and her heart to help others. After Hurricane Sandy, she had many displaced people stay with her for extended periods of time and never felt like it was too much; instead, she always said that she wished they would stay longer since she really enjoyed being with them and helping them. Judi was born to Abraham and Rose Shereff on June 18, 1938 in New York City and raised in Forest Hills, NY. She was preceded in death by her parents. Judi is survived by her brother and sister-in-law Richard and Susan Shereff; daughter Helaine Harte and son-in-law David Rhode, her sons and daughters-in-law Douglas and Ronni Harte and Jonathan and Belynda Harte; and the pride of her life, her grandchildren, Alex and Haleigh Harte and Tyler, Casey and Rebecca Rhode. Judi loved all animals. After being a teacher and raising her children, she worked at Turtle Back Zoo in West Orange, NJ, and spent many years rescuing and rehabilitating injured and orphaned wild animals and birds. In lieu of flowers, memorial donations may be made to The Turtle Back Zoo in Judi's honor. Funeral service will be held at Plaza Jewish Community Chapel at 630 Amsterdam Avenue in New York City at 11:30am on Sunday, January 3rd. 1/3 

KATZ--Michael A. Jan. 2, 1946 - Dec. 20, 2002 There is a grief that cannot be spoken. Beloved husband of Margaret. Adored father of Joshua and Jonathan. Father-in-law of Rachel. Grandfather to Sacha, Michael and Marisol Katz. 1/3 KATZ--Michael A. Jan. 2, 1946 - Dec. 20, 2002 There is a grief that cannot be spoken. Beloved husband of Margaret. Adored father of Joshua and Jonathan. Father-in-law of Rachel. Grandfather to Sacha, Michael and Marisol Katz. 1/3 

POPISH--Lawrence. Forever in our thoughts, our love is eternal. Mom, Dad & Nancy 1/3 POPISH--Lawrence. Forever in our thoughts, our love is eternal. Mom, Dad & Nancy 1/3 

Louisville Coach Rick Pitino said Friday that the N.C.A.A. had not interviewed him about an escort’s book containing allegations of sex parties at a players’ dormitory. Louisville Coach Rick Pitino said Friday that the N.C.A.A. had not interviewed him about an escort’s book containing allegations of sex parties at a players’ dormitory. Louisville basketball coach Rick Pitino addresses escort's allegations that former coach hired her for sex parties at players' dormitory; other college basketball news noted.

John Wall scored 24 points with 13 assists, and the Wizards extended their dominance over the Orlando Magic with a 103-91 victory in Washington. John Wall scored 24 points with 13 assists, and the Wizards extended their dominance over the Orlando Magic with a 103-91 victory in Washington. Washington Wizards beat Orlando Magic, 103-91; other pro basketball scores noted.

The Real Madrid playmaker James Rodríguez was caught by the police driving about 125 miles per hour on his way to a training session. The Real Madrid playmaker James Rodríguez was caught by the police driving about 125 miles per hour on his way to a training session. Real Madrid midfielder James Rodriguez faces large fine after his arrest for driving 125 miles per hour in 75 mph zone; other soccer news noted.

The Islanders placed defenseman Johnny Boychuk on injured reserve with an upper-body injury. The Islanders placed defenseman Johnny Boychuk on injured reserve with an upper-body injury. New York Islanders place defenseman Johnny Boychuk on injured reserve.

The World Cup leader Peter Prevc of Slovenia soared 136 meters (446 feet) in the second heat to win the second leg of the ski jumping Four Hills Tour in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany, as the competition headed for the final two events in Austria. The World Cup leader Peter Prevc of Slovenia soared 136 meters (446 feet) in the second heat to win the second leg of the ski jumping Four Hills Tour in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany, as the competition headed for the final two events in Austria. 

A video by the Shabab, Al Qaeda’s Somalia branch, criticizes racism in America and features footage of Mr. Trump announcing a plan to bar Muslims from entering the country. A video by the Shabab, Al Qaeda’s Somalia branch, criticizes racism in America and features footage of Mr. Trump announcing a plan to bar Muslims from entering the country. Militant group Shabab releases recruitment video containing footage of Republican presidential candidate Donald J Trump and criticizes what it calls racism and anti-Muslim sentiment in United States; Shabab is Somalian affiliate of Al Qaeda, which has been competing with Islamic State group for recruits among radicalized Muslims. 

At least two attackers were killed when they entered an Indian air force base near the border with Pakistan and exchanged fire with security forces. At least two attackers were killed when they entered an Indian air force base near the border with Pakistan and exchanged fire with security forces. Shootout between security forces and four gunmen at Indian Air Force base near country's restive border with Pakistan leaves two assailants dead; India has accused Pakistan of supporting insurgents in area, claim denied by Pakistan. 

Mr. Oxley, a former Ohio representative helped write the Sarbanes-Oxley Act after a wave of corporate scandals that brought down the Enron Corporation and WorldCom. Mr. Oxley, a former Ohio representative helped write the Sarbanes-Oxley Act after a wave of corporate scandals that brought down the Enron Corporation and WorldCom. Michael G Oxley of Ohio, who as a member of the House of Representatives for 25 years helped write Sarbanes-Oxley Act, watershed anti-fraud legislation, dies at age 71. 

Test how well you blocked out parts of the last political year. Test how well you blocked out parts of the last political year. 

Canceling cable has meant becoming more intentional and picking out things that are really enjoyable. Canceling cable has meant becoming more intentional and picking out things that are really enjoyable. Vikas Bajaj Editorial Notebook reflects on his decision to cancel cable television subscription; notes that he still has access to more shows and movies than he could possibly watch, even as he has cut down on his costs; says he can now be more deliberate, and thus more liberated, in picking what he wishes to watch.

A defensive struggle between the No. 17 Wolverines and the No. 19 Gators never materialized, while the young Volunteers proved they have a bright future by dismantling the No. 12 Wildcats. A defensive struggle between the No. 17 Wolverines and the No. 19 Gators never materialized, while the young Volunteers proved they have a bright future by dismantling the No. 12 Wildcats. College Football Roundup; Michigan defeats Florida, 41-7, in Citrus Bowl.

A few big things that would make New York a better place. A few big things that would make New York a better place. Editorial offers suggestions for issues New York Gov Andrew Cuomo should focus on in upcoming combination of State of State speech and budget address, including corruption in Albany, campaign finance reform, expansion of paid family leave and increase of minimum wage in state.

Some towns began to let residents in to inspect their flood-ravaged homes even as residents flanking the Mississippi River farther south in Missouri and Illinois evacuated. Some towns began to let residents in to inspect their flood-ravaged homes even as residents flanking the Mississippi River farther south in Missouri and Illinois evacuated. Floodwaters slowly drain away outside St Louis and highways are reopened, allowing residents who fled area to return and survey damage to their homes and properties; overall death toll from flooding in Missouri rises to 22. 

Will the warm handclasp of Narendra Modi and Nawaz Sharif lead to progress on delicate issues that have long divided their two countries? Will the warm handclasp of Narendra Modi and Nawaz Sharif lead to progress on delicate issues that have long divided their two countries? Editorial details considerable obstacles Pakistani Prime Min Nawaz Sharif and Indian Prime Min Narendra Modi face in repairing relations between two countries; notes that while two men seem to have warm personal relationship, as evinced by Modi's impromptu visit to Pakistan, it remains to be seen whether that can translate to real trust and cooperation between two countries.

A male California condor has flown back into the wild after a captive breeding program that helped save North America’s largest species of land bird. A male California condor has flown back into the wild after a captive breeding program that helped save North America’s largest species of land bird. Male California condor named AC-4 is released from Bitter Creek National Wildlife Refuge; AC-4 was part of successful captive breeding program by Fish and Wildlife Service that saved species from extinction; AC-4 fathered 30 chicks, all of which were successfully released into wild. 

Bill Cosby made his first public statement since being charged with aggravated indecent assault, posting a message to Twitter saying, “Friends and fans, Thank You.” Bill Cosby made his first public statement since being charged with aggravated indecent assault, posting a message to Twitter saying, “Friends and fans, Thank You.” Bill Cosby posts message on Twitter thanking his friends and fans, first public statement since being charged with aggravated indecent assault due to accusation made by Andrea Constand that Cosby drugged and sexually abused her in 2004.

It looked like Coney Island on a particularly festive summer day, except that it was Jan. 1, when thousands of people flock to the seaside to start their year off the right way — with an unseasonal ocean swim. It looked like Coney Island on a particularly festive summer day, except that it was Jan. 1, when thousands of people flock to the seaside to start their year off the right way — with an unseasonal ocean swim. Thousands of people flock to beach at Coney Island for Polar Bear Club's annual New Year's Day swim; unseasonably warm weather draws more participants than usual.

Canadiens goalie Mike Condon, who grew up in nearby Holliston, Mass., was rarely threatened in the first 30 minutes as the Canadiens controlled play in both ends. Canadiens goalie Mike Condon, who grew up in nearby Holliston, Mass., was rarely threatened in the first 30 minutes as the Canadiens controlled play in both ends. Montreal Canadiens defeat Boston Bruins, 5-1.

Aleksey Bikov came to New York from Tashkent, Uzbekistan, to escape the poverty and anti-Semitism he faced there. Aleksey Bikov came to New York from Tashkent, Uzbekistan, to escape the poverty and anti-Semitism he faced there. Edith and Carl Marks Jewish Community House of Bensonhurst, beneficiary agency of UJA-Federation of New York, one of seven organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, helps Uzbekistan immigrant Aleksey Bikov pay back rent.

After the Bulls built a big lead, the Knicks managed to nose ahead in the second half, only to go 2 of 19 from the field in the final period. After the Bulls built a big lead, the Knicks managed to nose ahead in the second half, only to go 2 of 19 from the field in the final period. Chicago Bulls defeat New York Knicks, 108-81.

Stephen Hewett-Brown, 25, helped a resident escape a broken elevator on the Lower East Side shortly before he was crushed, witnesses said. Stephen Hewett-Brown, 25, helped a resident escape a broken elevator on the Lower East Side shortly before he was crushed, witnesses said. Stephen Hewett-Brown is crushed to death by malfunctioning elevator in Lower East Side building; had been trying to hoist other passengers out of elevator after it stopped between floors when car lurched downward, pinning him between ceiling and third floor of building; elevator had been subject of dozens of complaints to New York City Buildings Dept in past.

New Year’s firecrackers left one dead and 380 injured, and caused a fire that gutted 1,000 dwellings. New Year’s firecrackers left one dead and 380 injured, and caused a fire that gutted 1,000 dwellings. 

The authorities carried out at least 157 executions in 2015, with beheadings reaching their highest level in two decades, advocacy groups said. The authorities carried out at least 157 executions in 2015, with beheadings reaching their highest level in two decades, advocacy groups said. Human rights groups report Saudi Arabia executed 157 people in 2015, including 63 people for drug-related crimes, with highest number of beheadings in two decades.

Israel had been withholding the bodies of suspected attackers as a tactic meant to crack down on violence. Israel had been withholding the bodies of suspected attackers as a tactic meant to crack down on violence. Israeli army transfers bodies of 23 Palestinians, all reportedly involved in violence in Israel over last few months, to their families in West Bank.

The running back was injured in Buffalo&#8217;s Week 15 loss to Washington and will miss his second consecutive game. The running back was injured in Buffalo&#8217;s Week 15 loss to Washington and will miss his second consecutive game. NFL Roundup; Buffalo Bills injured running back LeSean McCoy remains out of lineup for season finale against New York Jets; other football news noted.

Two other people were still missing after a small ferryboat sank on New Year’s Eve. Two other people were still missing after a small ferryboat sank on New Year’s Eve. Egyptian authorities report recovery of man's body, one of 15 people killed when small unlicensed ferry sank in Nile River on New Years Eve.

Holistic services are critical to equipping families in need with skills and treatment. Holistic services are critical to equipping families in need with skills and treatment. Op-Ed article by Christine C Quinn underscores degree to which New York City services that cater to needs of homeless families are insufficiently structured and coordinated for task, and notes  inefficiencies built into system that need to be addressed.

The New York senator’s long political career has taken a new turn as Republicans make him their villain of choice — a role he hasn’t exactly rejected. The New York senator’s long political career has taken a new turn as Republicans make him their villain of choice — a role he hasn’t exactly rejected. Republican presidential candidates have been targeting Sen Chuck Schumer on both debate stage and in campaign commercials, as potent symbol of powerful liberalism; Schumer, Democrat of New York, is one of his party's chief political strategists and is expected to take over as Senate Democratic leader when Sen Harry Reid retires.

The blog OnSmash was among music sites shut down in 2010, accused of copyright infringement and selling counterfeit goods. The blog OnSmash was among music sites shut down in 2010, accused of copyright infringement and selling counterfeit goods. Federal government returns hip-hop blog site OnSmash.com to operation; site, which was never charged with wrongdoing, was seized in 2010 over suspicion it was trafficking in pirated content and counterfeit goods. 

Although the economy has improved since the financial crisis, waves from the recession continue to upend job seekers and now a new study shows long-term unemployment has risen among women. Although the economy has improved since the financial crisis, waves from the recession continue to upend job seekers and now a new study shows long-term unemployment has risen among women. Study conducted by Federal Reserve Bank of St Louis finds that many women over 50 are struggling to find secure footing in workplace more than six years after recession ended; type of occupations dominated by women may play role, as well as time some took off before downturn hit to raise children.

The current system is leaving millions of Americans in poverty or near-poverty. Here’s a proposal to save future generations. The current system is leaving millions of Americans in poverty or near-poverty. Here’s a proposal to save future generations. Op-Ed article by Prof Teresa Ghilarducci and Blackstone president Hamilton James proposes guaranteed retirement account for all Americans, which could be made possible by requiring all workers and employers to pay into retirement accounts; compares proposal to current system, which consists of mix of voluntary 401(k)-type accounts and individual retirement accounts. 

With the craft beer industry growing rapidly over the last decade, more universities are offering online programs about the business side of craft beer. With the craft beer industry growing rapidly over the last decade, more universities are offering online programs about the business side of craft beer. Growing number of universities are offering online programs exploring business involved in making craft beer; craft breweries have burgeoned to 4,000 from 1,400 in 2005.

Russia will file a lawsuit against Ukraine, the Russian finance ministry said, after Kiev failed to repay a $3 billion Eurobond and $75 million in interest by Dec. 31. Russia will file a lawsuit against Ukraine, the Russian finance ministry said, after Kiev failed to repay a $3 billion Eurobond and $75 million in interest by Dec. 31. Russia will file lawsuit against Ukraine, following failure of Kiev to repay $3 billion Eurobond and $75 million in interest by December 31.

China, the world’s second-largest economy, looked set for a weak start to 2016 after activity in the manufacturing sector contracted for a fifth straight month in December. China, the world’s second-largest economy, looked set for a weak start to 2016 after activity in the manufacturing sector contracted for a fifth straight month in December. Chinese manufacturing shrinks for fifth straight month in December; economy grows at slowest pace in years in 2015.

The president of AARP New York State discusses Social Security and retirement savings. The president of AARP New York State discusses Social Security and retirement savings. 

Readers discuss how New York City and Albuquerque are trying to address the problem and offer their own suggestions. Readers discuss how New York City and Albuquerque are trying to address the problem and offer their own suggestions. 

Readers discuss inaction by Congress on a resolution giving the president authority to use military force. Readers discuss inaction by Congress on a resolution giving the president authority to use military force. 

Ms. Jones, the Broadway star, is playing a lesbian poetry professor with strong feelings about transgender issues on Amazon’s “Transparent.” Ms. Jones, the Broadway star, is playing a lesbian poetry professor with strong feelings about transgender issues on Amazon’s “Transparent.” Excerpts from interview with actress Cherry Jones, who discusses her experience joining cast for second season of Transparent, Amazon’s award-winning series, and other upcoming projects. 

A new production of Bizet’s “Les Pêcheurs de Perles” brought Penny Woolcock, the British director and filmmaker, to the Metropolitan Opera. A new production of Bizet’s “Les Pêcheurs de Perles” brought Penny Woolcock, the British director and filmmaker, to the Metropolitan Opera. Anthony Tommasini reviews Metropolitan Opera production of Bizet opera Les Pecheurs de Perles (The Pearl Fishers), staged by Penny Woolcock.

About 100 people rallied on the steps of the Capitol, displaying their firearms and exulting that it’s now legal to do so. About 100 people rallied on the steps of the Capitol, displaying their firearms and exulting that it’s now legal to do so. Over 100 Texans openly carrying firearms gather on steps of State Capitol in Austin to celebrate change in state law allowing them to openly carry weapons.

Branching out from its usual repertory, the group gave a soaring performance of this expressive liturgical work. Branching out from its usual repertory, the group gave a soaring performance of this expressive liturgical work. James R Oestreich reviews performance by Clarion Choir of Rachmaninoff's Liturgy of St John Chrysostom at St Paul's Chapel as part of Twelfth Night Festival. 

One show plays to the immigration debate and the other centers on life for 20-somethings. One show plays to the immigration debate and the other centers on life for 20-somethings. James Poniewozik reviews Fox television shows Bordertown and Cooper Barrett's Guide to Surviving Life. 

Marceline Loridan-Ivens, whose memoir takes the form of a letter to her murdered father, says the France where her family sought protection is increasingly at risk. Marceline Loridan-Ivens, whose memoir takes the form of a letter to her murdered father, says the France where her family sought protection is increasingly at risk. Marceline Loridan-Ivens writes about her life during Nazi occupied France and her time as Auschwitz-Birkenau camp prisoner in soon-to-be released English-language translation of memoir But You Did Not Come Back; Left Bank resident and outspoken critic of France’s anti-Semitic culture says terrorist attacks in Paris stem from French society's apathy to bias against Jews.

The map, created in 1769 by the celebrated British surveyor Bernard Ratzer, has been restored and digitized for the university’s online manuscript collection. The map, created in 1769 by the celebrated British surveyor Bernard Ratzer, has been restored and digitized for the university’s online manuscript collection. Harvard University posts digitized version of hand-drawn map from 1769 indicating northern border between New York and New Jersey; rare find was discovered over year ago by Houghton Library curator John Overholt; experts say map, created by colonial surveyor Bernard Ratzer to settle border dispute, helps explain how New Jersey’s land area was divided.

The revue, which has been running in San Francisco since 1974, still feels fresh and goofy. The revue, which has been running in San Francisco since 1974, still feels fresh and goofy. Charles Isherwood Critic’s Notebook compliments cast and creatives of show Beach Blanket Babylon for ensuring long-running San Francisco revue is always fresh and endearing.

The active coordination is turning one of the most inhospitable territories on earth into a complex security challenge for African and global forces. The active coordination is turning one of the most inhospitable territories on earth into a complex security challenge for African and global forces. Libya, with its ungoverned spaces, oil, ports, and proximity to Europe and Middle East, is becoming major terrorist hub, with jihadist groups, including branch of Al Qaeda and Islamic State, working together to expand their reach and capabilities; hundreds of people have been killed in terrorist attacks across region in past year alone.

The New York State attorney general, Eric T. Schneiderman, wants FanDuel and DraftKings to give back the millions of dollars they have made in the state and pay a penalty. The New York State attorney general, Eric T. Schneiderman, wants FanDuel and DraftKings to give back the millions of dollars they have made in the state and pay a penalty. New York State Atty Gen Eric T Schneiderman files amended lawsuit against daily fantasy sports websites FanDuel and DraftKings seeking repayment  to customers who lost money and asking that sites pay fine of up to $5,000 per case.

Adam Bosworth, a tech pioneer, sees the future in servers that manage and learn from data gathered by sensors implanted in practically everything. Adam Bosworth, a tech pioneer, sees the future in servers that manage and learn from data gathered by sensors implanted in practically everything. Tech pioneer Adam Bosworth is force in development of interactive software, working through sensors, that allows corporate computer servers to manage, and learn from, information collected from distant data centers; former stellar force at Microsoft and Google is now at Salesforce.com, online company running sales for thousands of corporations

Many retirees, not trying to earn degrees, participate in programs like the Osher Lifelong Learning Institutes, which are affiliated mostly with colleges and universities. Many retirees, not trying to earn degrees, participate in programs like the Osher Lifelong Learning Institutes, which are affiliated mostly with colleges and universities. Retiring column; tens of thousands of retired and semi-retired people across United States participate in Osher Lifelong Learning Institutes, seeking intellectual and social stimulation among peers.

While consensus holds that there is little to no evidence linking cellphone use to an increased risk of health problems, scientists and health agencies disagree about what guidance to give the public. While consensus holds that there is little to no evidence linking cellphone use to an increased risk of health problems, scientists and health agencies disagree about what guidance to give the public. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's revised guidelines on cellphone use do not recommend caution concerning radiation risk, but there is debate among health agencies and scientists about whether to issue guidance as mobile device use soars.

The best chance of succeeding at your goal is when you have an incentive — like a financial, social or health cost — not to fail, experts say. The best chance of succeeding at your goal is when you have an incentive — like a financial, social or health cost — not to fail, experts say. Paul Sullivan Wealth Matters column examines advice from doctors and psychologists who say people linking New Year's resolutions to real consequences, particularly financial, have best chance of success.

ESPN paid a price for the semifinals’ move to New Year’s Eve this season, with ratings for each game down by more than a third from last season. ESPN paid a price for the semifinals’ move to New Year’s Eve this season, with ratings for each game down by more than a third from last season. ESPN reports that viewership for College Football Playoff semifinal games played on New Year's Eve dropped drastically, compared to last season's games, which were played on New Year's Day.

Coach Larry Brown’s Southern Methodist University men’s basketball team is 12-0 but ineligible for postseason play this season. Coach Larry Brown’s Southern Methodist University men’s basketball team is 12-0 but ineligible for postseason play this season. 

The high-scoring Stars, who will play the three metropolitan area N.H.L. teams in the next four days, have dropped their goals-allowed average to 2.46 a game from 3.13 last season. The high-scoring Stars, who will play the three metropolitan area N.H.L. teams in the next four days, have dropped their goals-allowed average to 2.46 a game from 3.13 last season. Dallas Stars have steadily improved their defensive play, dropping their goals-allowed average to 2.46 per game, compared to 3.13 in previous season.

Ms. Cole was a Grammy winner whose biggest hit was “Unforgettable,” a virtual duet with her father, Nat King Cole, that topped the 1991 charts. Ms. Cole was a Grammy winner whose biggest hit was “Unforgettable,” a virtual duet with her father, Nat King Cole, that topped the 1991 charts. Natalie Cole, Grammy Award-winning jazz singer, dies at age 65; daughter of legendary singer Nat King Cole who followed in his footsteps and went on create million-selling albums in 1970s through 1990s.

The fantasy football season is over for many, but for those still playing, here are a few players we like in Week 17. The fantasy football season is over for many, but for those still playing, here are a few players we like in Week 17. 

President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who seeks to imbue his largely ceremonial office with sweeping powers, had cited Hitler when asked whether a strong presidency was possible in Turkey. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who seeks to imbue his largely ceremonial office with sweeping powers, had cited Hitler when asked whether a strong presidency was possible in Turkey. Turkish government says media has misinterpreted response from Pres Recep Tayyip Erdogan to journalist's query, in which Erdogan cited Hitler when discussing whether Turkey can have strong, and less ceremonial, presidency.

The first attack of the new year began with a bomb blast at the restaurant, in a neighborhood where many foreigners live. A 12-year-old boy was killed. The first attack of the new year began with a bomb blast at the restaurant, in a neighborhood where many foreigners live. A 12-year-old boy was killed. Taliban launch first attack of 2016 by exploding bomb in French restaurant in Kabul; gunmen subsequently engage in shootout with police.

Rival campaigns seem to be counting him out, but Mr. Bush’s allies have a long-shot plan they hope will win him the Republican nomination. Rival campaigns seem to be counting him out, but Mr. Bush’s allies have a long-shot plan they hope will win him the Republican nomination. Jeb Bush's aides say candidate has six-point long-shot plan to win Republican nomination for president, despite his struggle to make headway in polls; six goals highlighted. 

Deliberate planning for leisure, concentrating on activities that refresh and reinvigorate, may actually mean more fun for less money. Deliberate planning for leisure, concentrating on activities that refresh and reinvigorate, may actually mean more fun for less money. Ron Lieber Your Money column examines theories about planning for travel and vacation using same tools used in careful financial planning; holds thoughtful approach ensures that leisure-time choices are not only cost-effective but truly restorative. 

Mr. Bradbury joined the Specials, an English band, in 1979 and was part of the group’s mix of punk rock and Jamaican ska. Mr. Bradbury joined the Specials, an English band, in 1979 and was part of the group’s mix of punk rock and Jamaican ska. John Bradbury, drummer for British band The Specials, known for popular political songs of 1980s like War Crimes and Free Nelson Mandela,  dies at age 62. 

President Obama will meet with Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch on Monday to discuss what he can do to curb gun violence, sidestepping an entrenched Congress. President Obama will meet with Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch on Monday to discuss what he can do to curb gun violence, sidestepping an entrenched Congress. Pres Obama says in first weekly address of 2016 that after months of deliberation over issue, he plans to meet with Atty Gen Loretta E Lynch to explore how to sidestep Congress in his efforts to curb gun violence.

After Thursday’s win, Clemson Coach Dabo Swinney said, “We’re going to the Natty!” Did he mean to say “the College Football Playoff National Championship”? After Thursday’s win, Clemson Coach Dabo Swinney said, “We’re going to the Natty!” Did he mean to say “the College Football Playoff National Championship”? 

After two decades of failed attempts to track such visitors, some officials call the visa program a critical national security weakness. After two decades of failed attempts to track such visitors, some officials call the visa program a critical national security weakness. Many members of Congress and some law enforcement officials are calling United States foreign visa program a critical national security weakness; say officials can only roughly estimate number of people in country illegally after overstaying student or H-1 B worker visas; issue has taken on increasing urgency in face of calls for immigration policy reform. 

An intense manhunt was underway for the man who opened fire on a packed commercial street. An intense manhunt was underway for the man who opened fire on a packed commercial street. Israeli Arab gunman opens fire in crowded bar in central Tel Aviv; two Israeli Jews are fatally wounded and at least five others shot; gunman escapes, and authorities say motive is unclear at this time.

The films of Zhang Xiaotao try to show what the intense pressure to achieve wealth and success in modern China does to the soul. The films of Zhang Xiaotao try to show what the intense pressure to achieve wealth and success in modern China does to the soul. Saturday Profile of Chinese animation artist Zhang Xiaotao, whose digital animation films have won awards for way they explores his country's rapid modernization and the impact on Chinese culture.

In the streetcar system’s first year, residents often described it as somewhere between disastrous and vaguely satisfactory. And that was when it was free. In the streetcar system’s first year, residents often described it as somewhere between disastrous and vaguely satisfactory. And that was when it was free. Atlanta's 2.7-mile, $98 million streetcar system begins charging passengers fare for first time; system, in operation for a year, has been criticized by many city residents for its inefficiency even when it was free, and even its supporters acknowledge that introduction has not been entirely successful.

In his first message of 2016, he said that apathy “creates barriers, suspicions, fears and closure,” and he called on people to open their hearts to the needs of others. In his first message of 2016, he said that apathy “creates barriers, suspicions, fears and closure,” and he called on people to open their hearts to the needs of others. 

Our selection of web gems also includes a look at where the jailed population is growing. Our selection of web gems also includes a look at where the jailed population is growing. 

Officials said they had received a “very concrete tip” about a planned attack, but they reopened two transit hubs that had been evacuated. Officials said they had received a “very concrete tip” about a planned attack, but they reopened two transit hubs that had been evacuated. German officials defend their decision to close two transit hubs hours before midnight on New Year's Eve after receiving bomb threat from Islamic State; two stations have since reopened, although hundreds of police officers remain on guard.

Efforts aimed at “cooling down” the skyscraper continued as smoke billowed from its lower portions long after the fire broke out, the government said. Efforts aimed at “cooling down” the skyscraper continued as smoke billowed from its lower portions long after the fire broke out, the government said. Firefighters work to subdue lingering remains of blaze in Dubai luxury hotel that consumed the 63-story structure, injuring 14 people.

Il fallait à tout prix chasser le barbu blanc des parages des barbes noires. Il fallait à tout prix chasser le barbu blanc des parages des barbes noires. 

Ancient tales of retribution and revenge rang out with fresh vigor in 2015. Ancient tales of retribution and revenge rang out with fresh vigor in 2015. 

At all cost the man in the white beard had to be kept away from the men with black beards. At all cost the man in the white beard had to be kept away from the men with black beards. Kamel Daoud Op-Ed article describes how Islamists across Muslim world conducted campaign against Christmas in 2015; notes Prophet Muhammad's birthday coincided with Jesus' birthday for first time in 500 years, but Islamists view celebrations of any prophet's birth as Western, and thus crime; draws parallels between ideology of Islamists and that of far-right National Front in France.

A second year of decline demonstrates that a project to reduce traffic fatalities works, said a safety advocate, who called on the mayor to expand the effort. A second year of decline demonstrates that a project to reduce traffic fatalities works, said a safety advocate, who called on the mayor to expand the effort. Traffic deaths in New York City fell from 257 in 2014 to 230 in 2015, reflecting continued focus on improving street safety; de Blasio administration officials say plan Vision Zero, goal of which is elimination of all traffic deaths in city by 2024, will continue to be aggressively pursued.

The North Korean leader’s New Year’s address offered few surprises, suggesting both dialogue with the South and the development of new means of attack. The North Korean leader’s New Year’s address offered few surprises, suggesting both dialogue with the South and the development of new means of attack. North Korean leader Kim Jong-un offers both gestures of peace and defiance towards his country's enemies in his annual New Year's speech.

In major cities across East Asia, downtrodden people with no better place to sleep have made 24-hour McDonald’s restaurants their overnight home. In major cities across East Asia, downtrodden people with no better place to sleep have made 24-hour McDonald’s restaurants their overnight home. Homeless persons in major cities across East Asia, including Beijing and Tokyo, often turn to 24-hour McDonald’s restaurants, which are known for their acceptance, for warm, dry place to sleep; so-called McRefugees struggle with perceptions that they are lazy and dishonest, and restaurant staff members often chase them from premises at sunrise. 

Mr. Rogers was on the show for just the first three of its 11 seasons as the army surgeon Trapper John, but his run, and his character, are especially revered by show devotees. Mr. Rogers was on the show for just the first three of its 11 seasons as the army surgeon Trapper John, but his run, and his character, are especially revered by show devotees. Wayne Rogers, television and film actor best known for role of Trapper John on 1970s television series M*A*S*H, dies at age 82.

Firefox updates busily, about once every six weeks. If you’d like to see what they just did, or a calendar of what’s next, here’s how. Firefox updates busily, about once every six weeks. If you’d like to see what they just did, or a calendar of what’s next, here’s how. 

“The Book That Hitler Didn’t Want You to Read,” from the Wyman Institute for Holocaust Studies, has as its hero the future Senator Alan Cranston. “The Book That Hitler Didn’t Want You to Read,” from the Wyman Institute for Holocaust Studies, has as its hero the future Senator Alan Cranston. Rafael Medoff, director of David S Wyman Institute for Holocaust Studies, releases comic book The Book That Hitler Didn’t Want You to Read; work, which is retelling of how Hitler sued Alan Cranston for copyright infringement in 1939 after Cranston produced version of book Mein Kampf, is part of educational series for young adults.

Además de pasar siete horas en la escuela, esperamos que nuestros niños cumplan con horas de tareas, prácticas deportivas y actividades creativas. Además de pasar siete horas en la escuela, esperamos que nuestros niños cumplan con horas de tareas, prácticas deportivas y actividades creativas. 

Los latinos se han forjado un destino gracias a su crecimiento poblacional, pero los números que cuentan en política son los que deciden las elecciones. Los latinos se han forjado un destino gracias a su crecimiento poblacional, pero los números que cuentan en política son los que deciden las elecciones. 

Information on sales in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. Information on sales in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. 

At trendy Bang in the Surry Hills neighborhood of Sydney, a message atop the menu announces that the place is a “favourite of celebrities.” At trendy Bang in the Surry Hills neighborhood of Sydney, a message atop the menu announces that the place is a “favourite of celebrities.” John Searles reviews restaurant Bang, offering twist on traditional Bangladeshi cuisine, in Sydney, Australia. 

Minh Uong’s piece last month recalling his flight from Vietnam in the wake of the fall of Saigon and his return home over the summer inspired a wave of response from readers Minh Uong’s piece last month recalling his flight from Vietnam in the wake of the fall of Saigon and his return home over the summer inspired a wave of response from readers 

A study in contrasts from 1964: An injured teenager and an impeccably dressed man who was a gentleman outside and in. A study in contrasts from 1964: An injured teenager and an impeccably dressed man who was a gentleman outside and in. 

Dear Abbots, welcome back! Are you ready for a season of bloodless murders and chaste marriage proposals? And the dagger-mouth of Maggie Smith? Dear Abbots, welcome back! Are you ready for a season of bloodless murders and chaste marriage proposals? And the dagger-mouth of Maggie Smith? 

 A fairly easy Monday puzzle by Herre Schouwerwou. A fairly easy Monday puzzle by Herre Schouwerwou.

A mainstay of ’70s American cinema, he won an Oscar for his work on “Close Encounters of the Third Kind.” A mainstay of ’70s American cinema, he won an Oscar for his work on “Close Encounters of the Third Kind.” 

 The film has now sold $740.3 million in tickets at domestic theaters, according to Rentrak, which compiles box- office data. The film has now sold $740.3 million in tickets at domestic theaters, according to Rentrak, which compiles box- office data.

 The Republican presidential candidates hoping to succeed President Obama are accusing him of abusing power through executive orders on guns and promising to reverse such measures if elected. The Republican presidential candidates hoping to succeed President Obama are accusing him of abusing power through executive orders on guns and promising to reverse such measures if elected.

What a choice: Return to Downton Abbey or visit the United States-Mexico border in Seth MacFarlane’s new animated comedy “Bordertown.” What a choice: Return to Downton Abbey or visit the United States-Mexico border in Seth MacFarlane’s new animated comedy “Bordertown.” 

In these 2015 screenplay excerpts, characters walk into a bar and a laundromat, battle backstage and try to express themselves in the workplace (a brain). In these 2015 screenplay excerpts, characters walk into a bar and a laundromat, battle backstage and try to express themselves in the workplace (a brain). 

 The two have created their dances as part of Women Who Move Us, a program new to Dance Theater of Harlem. The two have created their dances as part of Women Who Move Us, a program new to Dance Theater of Harlem.

It’s hard to imagine the Packers losing at Lambeau in December to a rival with the division title on the line. It’s hard to imagine the Packers losing at Lambeau in December to a rival with the division title on the line. 

It’s hard to imagine Coach Jay Gruden not resting key players who are nursing injuries. It’s hard to imagine Coach Jay Gruden not resting key players who are nursing injuries. 

All eyes will be on Peyton Manning. All eyes will be on Peyton Manning. 

The Bears are 1-6 at home and have not beaten the Lions since 2012. The Bears are 1-6 at home and have not beaten the Lions since 2012. 

The Steelers can still sneak into the postseason as a wild card against the Johnny Manziel-less Browns coupled with a Jets loss in Buffalo. The Steelers can still sneak into the postseason as a wild card against the Johnny Manziel-less Browns coupled with a Jets loss in Buffalo. 

The Bengals have locked up the A.F.C. North and can clinch a first-round playoff bye with a win and a Denver loss to San Diego. The Bengals have locked up the A.F.C. North and can clinch a first-round playoff bye with a win and a Denver loss to San Diego. 

Rex Ryan and his Bills are the final hurdle the Jets need to clear to reach the A.F.C. playoffs. Rex Ryan and his Bills are the final hurdle the Jets need to clear to reach the A.F.C. playoffs. 

Chip Kelly is gone, Giants Coach Tom Coughlin could be next on the chopping block. Chip Kelly is gone, Giants Coach Tom Coughlin could be next on the chopping block. 

The Panthers face the possibility of losing out on home-field advantage throughout the playoffs if they lose to the slumping but scrappy Buccaneers. The Panthers face the possibility of losing out on home-field advantage throughout the playoffs if they lose to the slumping but scrappy Buccaneers. 

The Cardinals can clinch home-field advantage throughout the playoffs if the Panthers lose to the Buccaneers. The Cardinals can clinch home-field advantage throughout the playoffs if the Panthers lose to the Buccaneers. 

After starting the season 1-4, the Texans can win the A.F.C. South with a victory. After starting the season 1-4, the Texans can win the A.F.C. South with a victory. 

Unless the Rams pull out a victory, it will be their fifth straight losing season under Coach Jeff Fisher. Unless the Rams pull out a victory, it will be their fifth straight losing season under Coach Jeff Fisher. 

A lot of things have to happen in order for the Colts to make the playoffs. A lot of things have to happen in order for the Colts to make the playoffs. 

There is a possibility this could be the last time we see Sean Payton or Drew Brees, or both, on the Saints’ sideline. There is a possibility this could be the last time we see Sean Payton or Drew Brees, or both, on the Saints’ sideline. 

New England is pretty banged up, particularly on offense. New England is pretty banged up, particularly on offense. 

The Chiefs, winners of nine in a row, can clinch the A.F.C. West with a win and a Denver loss. The Chiefs, winners of nine in a row, can clinch the A.F.C. West with a win and a Denver loss. 

 I’m trying to promote the dirty book I just wrote. Please don’t tell anyone. I’m trying to promote the dirty book I just wrote. Please don’t tell anyone.

Corrections appearing in print on Sunday, January 3, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Sunday, January 3, 2016. 

Quotation of the Day for Sunday, January 3, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Sunday, January 3, 2016. 

Penn State quarterback Christian Hackenberg is leaving college early for the N.F.L. Penn State quarterback Christian Hackenberg is leaving college early for the N.F.L. Penn State quarterback Christian Hackenberg announces that he will skip his senior year to enter 2016 NFL draft; other college football news noted.

Crosby scored two power-play goals as the Islanders lost against a divisional opponent in regulation for the first time this season. Crosby scored two power-play goals as the Islanders lost against a divisional opponent in regulation for the first time this season. 

Lopsided games and the playing of the College Football Playoff semifinals on New Year’s Eve for the first time led to a 13 percent drop in television ratings for the New Year’s Six bowls from last year. Lopsided games and the playing of the College Football Playoff semifinals on New Year’s Eve for the first time led to a 13 percent drop in television ratings for the New Year’s Six bowls from last year. ESPN reports that television ratings dropped 13 percent, as compared with previous year, for six major college football bowl games.

General Manager Dennis Hickey has parted ways with the Miami Dolphins at the end of a disappointing season. General Manager Dennis Hickey has parted ways with the Miami Dolphins at the end of a disappointing season. Miami Dolphins general manager Dennis Hickey steps down after two years with team.

Auston Matthews, who is expected to be the No. 1 pick in the 2016 N.H.L. draft, had a hat trick to lead the United States to a 7-0 victory over the Czech Republic in the quarterfinals of the world junior hockey championship in Helsinki, Finland. Auston Matthews, who is expected to be the No. 1 pick in the 2016 N.H.L. draft, had a hat trick to lead the United States to a 7-0 victory over the Czech Republic in the quarterfinals of the world junior hockey championship in Helsinki, Finland. United States defeats Czech Republic, 7-0, in quarterfinals of world junior hockey championship.

The bride, a school administrator, and the groom, a financial consultant, met at a restaurant in Malvern, Pa. The bride, a school administrator, and the groom, a financial consultant, met at a restaurant in Malvern, Pa. 

Flexibility dominated the $200,000 Jerome Stakes at Aqueduct, the start of the New York road for 3-year-olds heading to the Triple Crown races. Flexibility dominated the $200,000 Jerome Stakes at Aqueduct, the start of the New York road for 3-year-olds heading to the Triple Crown races. Flexibility wins Jerome Stakes horse race at Aqueduct Racetrack.

The couple met on a blind date in New Orleans. The couple met on a blind date in New Orleans. 

Mr. Monteiro is a sales manager with the Blue Man Group, and Mr. Travers is a costume designer for film and television. Mr. Monteiro is a sales manager with the Blue Man Group, and Mr. Travers is a costume designer for film and television. 

The couple, both book editors, met while working at Random House. The couple, both book editors, met while working at Random House. 

Terry Godwin threw a touchdown pass on a trick play and caught one later, helping Georgia beat Penn State, 24-17, in the TaxSlayer Bowl on Saturday in Jacksonville, Fla. Terry Godwin threw a touchdown pass on a trick play and caught one later, helping Georgia beat Penn State, 24-17, in the TaxSlayer Bowl on Saturday in Jacksonville, Fla. 

The bride, a lawyer, and the groom, a trader, had Catholic and Hindu ceremonies. The bride, a lawyer, and the groom, a trader, had Catholic and Hindu ceremonies. 

Tomas Tatar scored with 2 minutes 50 seconds left in the third period to lift the Detroit Red Wings to a 4-3 win over the Sabres in Buffalo. Tomas Tatar scored with 2 minutes 50 seconds left in the third period to lift the Detroit Red Wings to a 4-3 win over the Sabres in Buffalo. 

The Arizona Coyotes enforcer John Scott, who has just 1 point while playing part time in the N.H.L. this season, has been voted into the All-Star Game on Jan. 31 in Nashville. The Arizona Coyotes enforcer John Scott, who has just 1 point while playing part time in the N.H.L. this season, has been voted into the All-Star Game on Jan. 31 in Nashville. 

Kelsey Mitchell scored 28 points, and No. 9 Ohio State stunned No. 6 Maryland, 80-71. Kelsey Mitchell scored 28 points, and No. 9 Ohio State stunned No. 6 Maryland, 80-71. 

The bride, 40, and the groom, 48, were introduced by their parents. The bride, 40, and the groom, 48, were introduced by their parents. 

Dr. Weisz and Mr. Krell were introduced through the dating app Coffee Meets Bagel. Dr. Weisz and Mr. Krell were introduced through the dating app Coffee Meets Bagel. 

The bride, who works for a wedding registry business, and the groom, who works for a nonprofit group, met through a mutual friend. The bride, who works for a wedding registry business, and the groom, who works for a nonprofit group, met through a mutual friend. 

The couple were introduced online. The couple were introduced online. 

The couple met in April 2012 while working together at a Manhattan law firm. The couple met in April 2012 while working together at a Manhattan law firm. 

Two widowers meet on Match.com — and bond over a shared love of New York. Two widowers meet on Match.com — and bond over a shared love of New York. 

The couple met at Penn State. The couple met at Penn State. 

The couple met at the University of Chicago, and reconnected 30 years later via Facebook. The couple met at the University of Chicago, and reconnected 30 years later via Facebook. 

The couple, who met at the University of Wisconsin, work in San Diego. The couple, who met at the University of Wisconsin, work in San Diego. 

The bride is a painter and sculptor, and the groom is a museum curator. The bride is a painter and sculptor, and the groom is a museum curator. 

In a men’s game in Cincinnati, Remy Abell scored a career-high 21 points, and No. 6 Xavier recovered from its first loss of the season by beating No. 9 Butler, 88-69. In a men’s game in Cincinnati, Remy Abell scored a career-high 21 points, and No. 6 Xavier recovered from its first loss of the season by beating No. 9 Butler, 88-69. 

 The 40th festival will take place in Charleston, S.C., from May 26 to June 12. The 40th festival will take place in Charleston, S.C., from May 26 to June 12.

STEVENS--Herbert J. 23 years have not dimmed the superb memories we shared. Remembering you forever. 1/3 STEVENS--Herbert J. 23 years have not dimmed the superb memories we shared. Remembering you forever. 1/3 

SABATINE--Carol Roth. Died peacefully of a rare neurodegenerative brain disease on November 12th, at the age of 80. A native of Port Huron, Michigan (born July 3, 1935), she graduated from the University of Michigan Architecture and Design School (1957). Soon after, she moved to New York City to begin a career in interior design. In 1960, she married Leo E. Sabatine (died 1976). She dedicated her life to raising her two sons and to volunteer work. She was a fixture in Brooklyn Heights, the neighborhood where she lived for over 40 years. She will be remembered for her kindness, elegance and utmost generosity. Along with serving on the vestry at Grace Church Brooklyn Heights, she served numerous executive positions, including president, for the Brooklyn Woman's Exchange and Brooklyn Heights Garden Club. She had a great interest in the arts and culture, loved travelling with her sons, enjoyed playing and watching tennis, and spending time at her beloved beach club. Her brain was donated for research to the Mass General Hospital Frontotemporal Disorders Unit. She is survived by her loving sons, Michael and Edward, by her daughter-in-law Marcela, and granddaughter, Maria Carolina, brother, John R. Roth (Karen), sisters Miriam L. Roth and Judith R. Armstrong (Ned). A memorial service will be held at Grace Church Brooklyn Heights, at 11am on January 9th. 1/3 SABATINE--Carol Roth. Died peacefully of a rare neurodegenerative brain disease on November 12th, at the age of 80. A native of Port Huron, Michigan (born July 3, 1935), she graduated from the University of Michigan Architecture and Design School (1957). Soon after, she moved to New York City to begin a career in interior design. In 1960, she married Leo E. Sabatine (died 1976). She dedicated her life to raising her two sons and to volunteer work. She was a fixture in Brooklyn Heights, the neighborhood where she lived for over 40 years. She will be remembered for her kindness, elegance and utmost generosity. Along with serving on the vestry at Grace Church Brooklyn Heights, she served numerous executive positions, including president, for the Brooklyn Woman's Exchange and Brooklyn Heights Garden Club. She had a great interest in the arts and culture, loved travelling with her sons, enjoyed playing and watching tennis, and spending time at her beloved beach club. Her brain was donated for research to the Mass General Hospital Frontotemporal Disorders Unit. She is survived by her loving sons, Michael and Edward, by her daughter-in-law Marcela, and granddaughter, Maria Carolina, brother, John R. Roth (Karen), sisters Miriam L. Roth and Judith R. Armstrong (Ned). A memorial service will be held at Grace Church Brooklyn Heights, at 11am on January 9th. 1/3 

ZIELINSKI--Erica Herzig, of Old Bridge, NJ and formerly of Manalapan, NJ and Manhattan, passed away at her home on Sunday, December 27th. She received her master's degree from Columbia University and became a nurse practitioner, specializing in women's health for over 40 years, most recently at New York University. She retired in December 2014. Erica is survived by her loving husband of 32 years, Thomas James Zielinski of Old Bridge; son, Adam Zielinski of Asbury Park; daughter, Brenna Zielinski of Manhattan; and sister, Beth Herzig of Miami. Family and friends are invited to gather at the Old Bridge Funeral Home, 2350 Rt. 516, Old Bridge, NJ 08857 on Saturday, January 9, 2016 from 10:30am to 12:30pm for a memorial visitation. There will be a memorial service beginning at 12:30pm at the funeral home. In lieu of flowers, Erica's family requests you donate to "The Erica Herzig- Zielinski Charitable Fund" more information can be found at www.oldbridge fh.com. 1/3 ZIELINSKI--Erica Herzig, of Old Bridge, NJ and formerly of Manalapan, NJ and Manhattan, passed away at her home on Sunday, December 27th. She received her master's degree from Columbia University and became a nurse practitioner, specializing in women's health for over 40 years, most recently at New York University. She retired in December 2014. Erica is survived by her loving husband of 32 years, Thomas James Zielinski of Old Bridge; son, Adam Zielinski of Asbury Park; daughter, Brenna Zielinski of Manhattan; and sister, Beth Herzig of Miami. Family and friends are invited to gather at the Old Bridge Funeral Home, 2350 Rt. 516, Old Bridge, NJ 08857 on Saturday, January 9, 2016 from 10:30am to 12:30pm for a memorial visitation. There will be a memorial service beginning at 12:30pm at the funeral home. In lieu of flowers, Erica's family requests you donate to "The Erica Herzig- Zielinski Charitable Fund" more information can be found at www.oldbridge fh.com. 1/3 

GLANTZ--Irwin L.,91, died peacefully at home on December 26, 2015 after a brief illness, with his loving family at his side. He is survived by his beloved wife of 62 years, Gene; devoted children Paul, Judith Kingman, and Robert; grandchildren Alexander and Garrett Kingman and Michelle and David Glantz, and nephew Bruce Kauderer. A consummate gentleman, he was a World War II veteran, lawyer, founder of real estate development, investment and management firm, Windsor Properties, and esteemed patriarch of his extended family. His patience, wisdom, optimism, generosity and strong family values will be sorely missed by all who were privileged to know him. Laid to rest in Sharon Gardens, Valhalla, New York on December 28, 2015. 1/3 GLANTZ--Irwin L.,91, died peacefully at home on December 26, 2015 after a brief illness, with his loving family at his side. He is survived by his beloved wife of 62 years, Gene; devoted children Paul, Judith Kingman, and Robert; grandchildren Alexander and Garrett Kingman and Michelle and David Glantz, and nephew Bruce Kauderer. A consummate gentleman, he was a World War II veteran, lawyer, founder of real estate development, investment and management firm, Windsor Properties, and esteemed patriarch of his extended family. His patience, wisdom, optimism, generosity and strong family values will be sorely missed by all who were privileged to know him. Laid to rest in Sharon Gardens, Valhalla, New York on December 28, 2015. 1/3 

HIRSCHBERG--Irving, resident of Amagansett, NY, died suddenly on December 30th at age 88. He was predeceased by his beloved wife, Phyllis. He is survived by his two daughters, Lise and Wendy, sister Shirlee (Geri Grossman), and his grandson Miles Emanuel. He retired as an accomplished electrical engineer at Fairchild Camera. He had a major impact on the East End community. Irving was a tutor of ESL students at East Hampton High School, a friend to senior citizens through R.S.V.P. and an active Democrat. He was devoted to his tennis and golf games. Irving was a loyal and generous friend to many. Contributions may be made in his memory: Cinema Arts Centre, Huntington, Long Island or the Southern Poverty Law Center. 1/3 HIRSCHBERG--Irving, resident of Amagansett, NY, died suddenly on December 30th at age 88. He was predeceased by his beloved wife, Phyllis. He is survived by his two daughters, Lise and Wendy, sister Shirlee (Geri Grossman), and his grandson Miles Emanuel. He retired as an accomplished electrical engineer at Fairchild Camera. He had a major impact on the East End community. Irving was a tutor of ESL students at East Hampton High School, a friend to senior citizens through R.S.V.P. and an active Democrat. He was devoted to his tennis and golf games. Irving was a loyal and generous friend to many. Contributions may be made in his memory: Cinema Arts Centre, Huntington, Long Island or the Southern Poverty Law Center. 1/3 

GORDON--Marjorie. Passed away on December 8, 2015. A kind and generous person with a great sense of humor, she was devoted to her many friends and students. She taught at many universities and music camps, and was the founder of the Detroit Opera Theater, the Detroit Piccolo Opera, and co-founded "Adventures in Music" for the Detroit Public School system. She made her operatic debut with the New York Philharmonic, and went on to sing with the best orchestras in the country. She gave recitals with her violist husband, Nathan Gordon in Greece, Europe, Canada, and Israel. She was a member of many musical organizations, including the Florida Music Teachers Association, the National Teachers Association, and the Broward County Music Club. She left one child, Peter Gordon and three grandchildren, Ted and Josh Gordon and Douglas Schwartz. 1/3 GORDON--Marjorie. Passed away on December 8, 2015. A kind and generous person with a great sense of humor, she was devoted to her many friends and students. She taught at many universities and music camps, and was the founder of the Detroit Opera Theater, the Detroit Piccolo Opera, and co-founded "Adventures in Music" for the Detroit Public School system. She made her operatic debut with the New York Philharmonic, and went on to sing with the best orchestras in the country. She gave recitals with her violist husband, Nathan Gordon in Greece, Europe, Canada, and Israel. She was a member of many musical organizations, including the Florida Music Teachers Association, the National Teachers Association, and the Broward County Music Club. She left one child, Peter Gordon and three grandchildren, Ted and Josh Gordon and Douglas Schwartz. 1/3 

SEIDLER--Sheldon. October 25, 1930-November 23, 2015. Renowned graphic designer, painter, sculptor, teacher. Father to Elana Werts and Heidi Sanchez. Grandfather to Matt, Kody and Ariel. Forever in our hearts. 1/3 SEIDLER--Sheldon. October 25, 1930-November 23, 2015. Renowned graphic designer, painter, sculptor, teacher. Father to Elana Werts and Heidi Sanchez. Grandfather to Matt, Kody and Ariel. Forever in our hearts. 1/3 

ROSEN--Baran. Congregation Rodeph Sholom mourns the loss of our longtime, dedicated member Baran Rosen, beloved husband of Margery Rosen. We will miss his devotion to family, friends and community. Our deepest condolences to Margery, their children, Sarah and Michael, and all dear ones. Robert N. Levine, D.D., Senior Rabbi Martin Flumenbaum, President 1/3 ROSEN--Baran. Congregation Rodeph Sholom mourns the loss of our longtime, dedicated member Baran Rosen, beloved husband of Margery Rosen. We will miss his devotion to family, friends and community. Our deepest condolences to Margery, their children, Sarah and Michael, and all dear ones. Robert N. Levine, D.D., Senior Rabbi Martin Flumenbaum, President 1/3 

ROSENFELD--Henry. Henry passed away peacefully in his home on December 26, 2015. He is survived by his children Jessica, Diego (Heidi), Julia, grandchildren and brother Albert. Henry was an elegant man with a strong moral compass, a passion for world affairs and Israel. He was born in Chile and travelled throughout South America with his family for business in film, settling in Argentina. After graduating Columbia University and falling in love with America he raised a family with his late wife Leonor in Scarsdale, NY. Henry was prosperous in business which afforded him time to spend with family, contribute to Jewish causes, and play golf with friends. His generosity and cheerful sense of humor will be missed. Rest in peace father, friend, husband, and visionary. 1/3 ROSENFELD--Henry. Henry passed away peacefully in his home on December 26, 2015. He is survived by his children Jessica, Diego (Heidi), Julia, grandchildren and brother Albert. Henry was an elegant man with a strong moral compass, a passion for world affairs and Israel. He was born in Chile and travelled throughout South America with his family for business in film, settling in Argentina. After graduating Columbia University and falling in love with America he raised a family with his late wife Leonor in Scarsdale, NY. Henry was prosperous in business which afforded him time to spend with family, contribute to Jewish causes, and play golf with friends. His generosity and cheerful sense of humor will be missed. Rest in peace father, friend, husband, and visionary. 1/3 

PARIS--Harriet, died on January 1, 2016 at the age of 87. She is survived by her son, Michael Bloomberg and daughter-in-law Terue Tokoro and her brother George David Paris. She is predeceased by daughter Deborah Bloomberg. As the owner and Director of the Peter Pan Laurel School, Dr. Paris was instrumental in educating generations of children of Brooklyn. Dr. Paris loved going to the museums and plays of New York. She volunteered at the Brooklyn museum for more than 20 years and at the Photography Museum in Manhattan. She donated much of her art collection to the City Museum of New York campus on 5th Avenue. Services Monday, 11:30am at "The Riverside" 76 Street and Amsterdam Ave. 1/3 PARIS--Harriet, died on January 1, 2016 at the age of 87. She is survived by her son, Michael Bloomberg and daughter-in-law Terue Tokoro and her brother George David Paris. She is predeceased by daughter Deborah Bloomberg. As the owner and Director of the Peter Pan Laurel School, Dr. Paris was instrumental in educating generations of children of Brooklyn. Dr. Paris loved going to the museums and plays of New York. She volunteered at the Brooklyn museum for more than 20 years and at the Photography Museum in Manhattan. She donated much of her art collection to the City Museum of New York campus on 5th Avenue. Services Monday, 11:30am at "The Riverside" 76 Street and Amsterdam Ave. 1/3 

RATNER--Laura, on Decem- ber 30, 2015, formerly of Hewlett Harbor. Beloved wife of the late Arthur. Adored mother of Dennis and Andrea and Felice and Jay Seeman. Loving grandma of Allison, Rebecca and Andy, Ari and Brendon. Doting GG of Ethan, Lily and Meyer. We will never forget her strength of mind and body. A graduate of NYU Business School. Avid reader and consummate crossword puzzler. Services will be held 10am, Monday, January 4, 2016 at Boulevard-Riverside Chapels, 1450 Broadway, Hewlett, NY 11557. 1/3 RATNER--Laura, on Decem- ber 30, 2015, formerly of Hewlett Harbor. Beloved wife of the late Arthur. Adored mother of Dennis and Andrea and Felice and Jay Seeman. Loving grandma of Allison, Rebecca and Andy, Ari and Brendon. Doting GG of Ethan, Lily and Meyer. We will never forget her strength of mind and body. A graduate of NYU Business School. Avid reader and consummate crossword puzzler. Services will be held 10am, Monday, January 4, 2016 at Boulevard-Riverside Chapels, 1450 Broadway, Hewlett, NY 11557. 1/3 

LIEBERMAN--Philip H.,M.D. 91 years old. WWII veteran. Retired chief of surgical pathology Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. Died December 26. Beloved husband of Cynthia, proud and loving father of Samuel (Cara) and David (Asya). Devoted grandpa to Daniel, Henry, and Lucy. He was the most gentle of gentlemen. 1/3 LIEBERMAN--Philip H.,M.D. 91 years old. WWII veteran. Retired chief of surgical pathology Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. Died December 26. Beloved husband of Cynthia, proud and loving father of Samuel (Cara) and David (Asya). Devoted grandpa to Daniel, Henry, and Lucy. He was the most gentle of gentlemen. 1/3 

PARKER--Marcia Bess. Born March 22, 1927, passed away November 18, 2015. Preceded in death by parents and sister. Survived by brother Chase Parker, Jr. Marcia lived in New York for over 50 years. She received a Masters Degree from Columbia University. She later became employed by Church Women United. As a fundraiser, she made many friends all over the United States. Marcia also made many friends at Laureate Hall where she was a tenant for around 50 years. Friends at the apartment, old and new, helped her survive a few more years while suffering with poor health. Marcia's body was donated to Columbia University Medical. 1/3 PARKER--Marcia Bess. Born March 22, 1927, passed away November 18, 2015. Preceded in death by parents and sister. Survived by brother Chase Parker, Jr. Marcia lived in New York for over 50 years. She received a Masters Degree from Columbia University. She later became employed by Church Women United. As a fundraiser, she made many friends all over the United States. Marcia also made many friends at Laureate Hall where she was a tenant for around 50 years. Friends at the apartment, old and new, helped her survive a few more years while suffering with poor health. Marcia's body was donated to Columbia University Medical. 1/3 

SELK--Phyllis, on January 1, 2016. Beloved wife of Leonard, devoted mother of Ronnie and Michael, adored grandmother of Andrew, Douglas and Mark, cherished great- grandmother of Hayley. Service Monday, January 4, 11:00am at Riverdale Temple, 4545 Independence Ave., Riverdale. 1/3 SELK--Phyllis, on January 1, 2016. Beloved wife of Leonard, devoted mother of Ronnie and Michael, adored grandmother of Andrew, Douglas and Mark, cherished great- grandmother of Hayley. Service Monday, January 4, 11:00am at Riverdale Temple, 4545 Independence Ave., Riverdale. 1/3 

STRANGE--Patricia Cantwell. 3/10/1930-1/2/2014 Shine on bright star! Love always, Libby 1/3 STRANGE--Patricia Cantwell. 3/10/1930-1/2/2014 Shine on bright star! Love always, Libby 1/3 

SHARGEL--Leo, died on January 2, 2016 at 99. Caring and sincere, Leo was a devoted husband, father, grandfather, great-grandfather and friend, as well as a WWII Veteran. A true gentleman and energetic storyteller who loved to play cards, Leo will be missed by his wife of 73 years, Lillian, his children, Gerald and Judith, his daughter and son-in-law Terry and Robert, his grandchildren Johanna, David, Jake, Jill and Jamie and their spouses, as well as his 9 (soon to be 10) great-grandchildren. Shiva Monday-Wednesday at home of Gerald Shargel. 1/3 SHARGEL--Leo, died on January 2, 2016 at 99. Caring and sincere, Leo was a devoted husband, father, grandfather, great-grandfather and friend, as well as a WWII Veteran. A true gentleman and energetic storyteller who loved to play cards, Leo will be missed by his wife of 73 years, Lillian, his children, Gerald and Judith, his daughter and son-in-law Terry and Robert, his grandchildren Johanna, David, Jake, Jill and Jamie and their spouses, as well as his 9 (soon to be 10) great-grandchildren. Shiva Monday-Wednesday at home of Gerald Shargel. 1/3 

KELLY--Ellsworth. The Board of Trustees and Staff of World Monuments Fund mourn the passing of Ellsworth Kelly, husband of our trustee Jack Shear. Ellsworth, along with Jack and the Ellsworth Kelly Foundation, was for years a deeply committed champion of preserving the world's most treasured places, with a passion for supporting the crafts-people and skills vital to heritage conservation. We all will greatly miss him. Christopher Ohrstrom, Chairman, and Joshua David, President and CEO, World Monuments Fund 1/3 KELLY--Ellsworth. The Board of Trustees and Staff of World Monuments Fund mourn the passing of Ellsworth Kelly, husband of our trustee Jack Shear. Ellsworth, along with Jack and the Ellsworth Kelly Foundation, was for years a deeply committed champion of preserving the world's most treasured places, with a passion for supporting the crafts-people and skills vital to heritage conservation. We all will greatly miss him. Christopher Ohrstrom, Chairman, and Joshua David, President and CEO, World Monuments Fund 1/3 

PEREZ--Alfredo J.,83, of Sheffield, MA died peacefully on December 18. Born in New York City, he graduated from Columbia College and Columbia University Graduate School of Business. After serving in the U.S. Navy he had an extensive career in public service, most notably as deputy CEO of Planned Parenthood; acting director of the U.S. Peace Corps; president of the college, The Experiment in International Living and its School for International Training; confidential assistant, U.S. Agency for International Development; and Senior Vice President, Management of Family Health International, supervising programs with USAID for controlling the AIDS epidemic in developing countries. Charming and courtly, Alfredo was a gentle, loving man, compassionate, caring and always there for you. An avid reader, he had a love of good conversation, strong coffee, and music - classical, jazz, flamenco, and blue grass. His greatest love was for his family - his grandchildren and great-grandchildren. He is survived by his wife, Ann-Marie Light, daughters, Carole Montanari and Xanne Perez; sons, Tom, Robbie and Michael Perez; twelve grandchildren, eight great-grandchildren; brother, George Peters; and his first wife, Florence Perez. A memorial will be held in the spring. Contributions may be made to The Association for Frontotemporal Degeneration, theaftd.org. 1/3 PEREZ--Alfredo J.,83, of Sheffield, MA died peacefully on December 18. Born in New York City, he graduated from Columbia College and Columbia University Graduate School of Business. After serving in the U.S. Navy he had an extensive career in public service, most notably as deputy CEO of Planned Parenthood; acting director of the U.S. Peace Corps; president of the college, The Experiment in International Living and its School for International Training; confidential assistant, U.S. Agency for International Development; and Senior Vice President, Management of Family Health International, supervising programs with USAID for controlling the AIDS epidemic in developing countries. Charming and courtly, Alfredo was a gentle, loving man, compassionate, caring and always there for you. An avid reader, he had a love of good conversation, strong coffee, and music - classical, jazz, flamenco, and blue grass. His greatest love was for his family - his grandchildren and great-grandchildren. He is survived by his wife, Ann-Marie Light, daughters, Carole Montanari and Xanne Perez; sons, Tom, Robbie and Michael Perez; twelve grandchildren, eight great-grandchildren; brother, George Peters; and his first wife, Florence Perez. A memorial will be held in the spring. Contributions may be made to The Association for Frontotemporal Degeneration, theaftd.org. 1/3 

REED--Dolores, died peacefully at her Wellington, FL home on December 29, 2015 surrounded by her family. She was a devoted wife for 66 years to her husband, Howard, a loving mother to her children, Janet and Rob, their spouses Dan and Julie, and her grandchildren, Lindsay, Ben, and Michael. Funeral services will be held on Sunday, January 3rd at 10am at Gutterman-Warheit Memorial Chapel at 7240 North Federal Highway, Boca Raton, FL. A graveside service will be on Wednesday, January 6, 2016 at 11am at the Beth David Cemetery, 300 Elmont Rd, Elmont, NY. 1/3 REED--Dolores, died peacefully at her Wellington, FL home on December 29, 2015 surrounded by her family. She was a devoted wife for 66 years to her husband, Howard, a loving mother to her children, Janet and Rob, their spouses Dan and Julie, and her grandchildren, Lindsay, Ben, and Michael. Funeral services will be held on Sunday, January 3rd at 10am at Gutterman-Warheit Memorial Chapel at 7240 North Federal Highway, Boca Raton, FL. A graveside service will be on Wednesday, January 6, 2016 at 11am at the Beth David Cemetery, 300 Elmont Rd, Elmont, NY. 1/3 

YOSPIN--Tobias, of Roslyn, NY, Brooklyn born and bred, on December 31, 2015, at age 96. Beloved husband of the late Andrey (Kreinik) Yospin. Loving father of Richard Yospin, and the late Marjorie Yospin Newman. Adoring grandfather of Matthew, Gabriel and Sarina Yospin, and Eric and David Newman. Dear brother of Elaine Melnikoff and Thelma Kanig. Graduate of City College, and NYU Dental School; emeritus professor, City University of New York; painter and sculptor; lifetime tennis player, golfer and swimmer; passionate classical music listener; together with Audrey, world traveler. Graveside services at Beth Moses Cemetery, 1500 Wellwood Ave., West Babylon, NY 11704, on Monday, January 4 at 1pm. Memorial Observance at the home of Joan and Richard Yospin, Wednesday, January 6, 2016. In lieu of flowers, remembrances may be made to: the Yiddish Book Center, 1021 West Street, Amherst, MA 01002. Levine Chapels, Brookline, 617-277-8300. www.levinechapel.com 1/3 YOSPIN--Tobias, of Roslyn, NY, Brooklyn born and bred, on December 31, 2015, at age 96. Beloved husband of the late Andrey (Kreinik) Yospin. Loving father of Richard Yospin, and the late Marjorie Yospin Newman. Adoring grandfather of Matthew, Gabriel and Sarina Yospin, and Eric and David Newman. Dear brother of Elaine Melnikoff and Thelma Kanig. Graduate of City College, and NYU Dental School; emeritus professor, City University of New York; painter and sculptor; lifetime tennis player, golfer and swimmer; passionate classical music listener; together with Audrey, world traveler. Graveside services at Beth Moses Cemetery, 1500 Wellwood Ave., West Babylon, NY 11704, on Monday, January 4 at 1pm. Memorial Observance at the home of Joan and Richard Yospin, Wednesday, January 6, 2016. In lieu of flowers, remembrances may be made to: the Yiddish Book Center, 1021 West Street, Amherst, MA 01002. Levine Chapels, Brookline, 617-277-8300. www.levinechapel.com 1/3 

CARR--Kristen Ann. Memories of you inspire us today and always. 1/3 CARR--Kristen Ann. Memories of you inspire us today and always. 1/3 

CALLAHAN--Daniel J. III, 83, died peacefully on December 30, 2015 at the home he shared with his wife of 59 years, Colleen Mount Callahan. Mr. Callahan was a fourth generation Washingtonian. He was an Insignis Medal recipient at Georgetown Preparatory School (1950), a member of the Delta Kappa Epsilon Fraternity at Williams College (B.A.) (1954), served four years in the ROTC, and served in the United States Air Force, retiring as a Captain (1954-1956). He held positions with many financial institutions over his long career in banking, including Chairman of American Security Bank, President of Riggs National Bank and an executive of Chase Manhattan Bank. Mr. Callahan's most recent position was as Treasurer and Vice Chairman of The Morris and Gwendolyn Cafritz Foundation of Washington, DC. He had many business interests and held various board positions including Chairman of the Greater Washington Research Center, Vice Chairman of the Atlantic Council, Director Emeritus of Easter Seals Greater Washington- Baltimore Region, Inc., Independent Director of Washington Mutual Investors Fund Inc. and Director of Washington Gas Light Company and WGL Holdings Inc. Mr. Callahan's spiritual faith was an important and sustaining force throughout his life. He supported numerous charitable organizations. In 1991, he was bestowed the honor of Knight Commanders of the Order of St. Gregory the Great by Pope John Paul II; Cardinal James Hickey announced the papal honors. He is predeceased by his son, Daniel J. Callahan IV, his sister, Gerry Callahan Corcoran, and his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Daniel J. Callahan Jr. He is survived by his wife, Colleen Mount Callahan; his children, Carey S. Callahan, Caren A. Callahan, Carolyn Callahan Keller, Colleen Callahan Brown; nine grandchildren; three great-grandsons; and his sisters, Joanne McClure and Mary Alicia Callahan. Mass of Christian Burial will be offered at the Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apostle, 1725 Rhode Island Ave., NW, Washington, DC., 20036 at 1pm on Monday, January 4, 2016. Immediately following the Mass, friends will be received at the Mayflower Hotel, 1127 Connecticut Ave., NW, Washington, DC 20036. The interment will be private for family only. Memorial contributions may be made to the Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Washington. 1/3 CALLAHAN--Daniel J. III, 83, died peacefully on December 30, 2015 at the home he shared with his wife of 59 years, Colleen Mount Callahan. Mr. Callahan was a fourth generation Washingtonian. He was an Insignis Medal recipient at Georgetown Preparatory School (1950), a member of the Delta Kappa Epsilon Fraternity at Williams College (B.A.) (1954), served four years in the ROTC, and served in the United States Air Force, retiring as a Captain (1954-1956). He held positions with many financial institutions over his long career in banking, including Chairman of American Security Bank, President of Riggs National Bank and an executive of Chase Manhattan Bank. Mr. Callahan's most recent position was as Treasurer and Vice Chairman of The Morris and Gwendolyn Cafritz Foundation of Washington, DC. He had many business interests and held various board positions including Chairman of the Greater Washington Research Center, Vice Chairman of the Atlantic Council, Director Emeritus of Easter Seals Greater Washington- Baltimore Region, Inc., Independent Director of Washington Mutual Investors Fund Inc. and Director of Washington Gas Light Company and WGL Holdings Inc. Mr. Callahan's spiritual faith was an important and sustaining force throughout his life. He supported numerous charitable organizations. In 1991, he was bestowed the honor of Knight Commanders of the Order of St. Gregory the Great by Pope John Paul II; Cardinal James Hickey announced the papal honors. He is predeceased by his son, Daniel J. Callahan IV, his sister, Gerry Callahan Corcoran, and his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Daniel J. Callahan Jr. He is survived by his wife, Colleen Mount Callahan; his children, Carey S. Callahan, Caren A. Callahan, Carolyn Callahan Keller, Colleen Callahan Brown; nine grandchildren; three great-grandsons; and his sisters, Joanne McClure and Mary Alicia Callahan. Mass of Christian Burial will be offered at the Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apostle, 1725 Rhode Island Ave., NW, Washington, DC., 20036 at 1pm on Monday, January 4, 2016. Immediately following the Mass, friends will be received at the Mayflower Hotel, 1127 Connecticut Ave., NW, Washington, DC 20036. The interment will be private for family only. Memorial contributions may be made to the Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Washington. 1/3 

KELLY--Ellsworth. The Foundation for Art and Preservation in Embassies (FAPE) is profoundly saddened by the loss of Ellsworth Kelly. Revered and respected throughout the world, we will be forever grateful for his generosity, for the works he gave so enthusiastically to our Foundation, and for his commitment to FAPE's mission. From a sketch on a paper napkin came the design of two magnificent wall sculptures for the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, which greet more than 2,000 Chinese visa applicants daily, employing the colors in our two countries' flags to honor the relationship between the U.S. and China. In Berlin, Ellsworth watched as the 40- foot-high 'Berlin Totem' he created for the U.S. Embassy soared through the air to be placed in its courtyard garden. His extraordinary lithograph, 'Leaves,' adorns the walls of 50 U.S. embassies; and he contributed to our Collection at the U.S. Mission to the United Nations, as well as our millennium Gift To The Nation. He also donated the actual award that we present annually to the recipient of the Leonore and Walter Annenberg Award for Diplomacy through the Arts; the first honoree was Justice Stephen Breyer, who collaborated with Ellsworth on his site- specific installation at the John Joseph Moakley Courthouse in Boston. Ellsworth's last gift to FAPE was the establishment of an endowment, entitled the Ellsworth Kelly Fund for Preservation, to ensure FAPE's Collection is maintained in perpetuity at no cost to the government. Words cannot express how important Ellsworth was to FAPE. His gifts are a testament to his creativity, his genius and his extraordinary spirit. He will always remain in our memory, and his work will remind us of his belief in the importance of art as a means of freedom of expression and cross-cultural understanding. We send our deepest condolences to Jack Shear. Jo Carole Lauder, Chairman Eden Rafshoon, President Darren Walker, Vice President Elizabeth Pozen, Secretary Harrison Wellford, Treasurer Ann Gund, President Emerita Wendy Luers, President Emerita Jennifer Duncan, Director Robert Storr, Chairman, FAPE Professional Fine Arts Committee and Dean, Yale School of Art 1/3 KELLY--Ellsworth. The Foundation for Art and Preservation in Embassies (FAPE) is profoundly saddened by the loss of Ellsworth Kelly. Revered and respected throughout the world, we will be forever grateful for his generosity, for the works he gave so enthusiastically to our Foundation, and for his commitment to FAPE's mission. From a sketch on a paper napkin came the design of two magnificent wall sculptures for the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, which greet more than 2,000 Chinese visa applicants daily, employing the colors in our two countries' flags to honor the relationship between the U.S. and China. In Berlin, Ellsworth watched as the 40- foot-high 'Berlin Totem' he created for the U.S. Embassy soared through the air to be placed in its courtyard garden. His extraordinary lithograph, 'Leaves,' adorns the walls of 50 U.S. embassies; and he contributed to our Collection at the U.S. Mission to the United Nations, as well as our millennium Gift To The Nation. He also donated the actual award that we present annually to the recipient of the Leonore and Walter Annenberg Award for Diplomacy through the Arts; the first honoree was Justice Stephen Breyer, who collaborated with Ellsworth on his site- specific installation at the John Joseph Moakley Courthouse in Boston. Ellsworth's last gift to FAPE was the establishment of an endowment, entitled the Ellsworth Kelly Fund for Preservation, to ensure FAPE's Collection is maintained in perpetuity at no cost to the government. Words cannot express how important Ellsworth was to FAPE. His gifts are a testament to his creativity, his genius and his extraordinary spirit. He will always remain in our memory, and his work will remind us of his belief in the importance of art as a means of freedom of expression and cross-cultural understanding. We send our deepest condolences to Jack Shear. Jo Carole Lauder, Chairman Eden Rafshoon, President Darren Walker, Vice President Elizabeth Pozen, Secretary Harrison Wellford, Treasurer Ann Gund, President Emerita Wendy Luers, President Emerita Jennifer Duncan, Director Robert Storr, Chairman, FAPE Professional Fine Arts Committee and Dean, Yale School of Art 1/3 

CONNOLLY--Edythe Slattery Sheehan, born February 5, 1928; Died December 17, 2015 in Brooklyn, NY. Fifth generation Brooklynite, Edythe was the widow of William G. Sheehan and Edward J. Connolly, she was preceded in death by her parents Clare (nee Smith) and J. Warren Slattery and her sister, Clare Slattery Kelly. She is survived by her children, William Sheehan (Daria Doyle) Mount Vernon, NY, Kathleen Sheehan (Daniel Burke) Fairfield, CT, Jane Sheehan (Matthew Murphy) Princeton, NJ, Clare Sheehan, Brooklyn, NY, Kevin Sheehan, Brooklyn, NY and Brian Sheehan (Maria Fong) Syracuse, NY; her stepdaughter Jane D. Connolly (Edward Schwarz) Weston, CT, her sister, Marylou Slattery Millard, Fenwick, Old Saybrook, CT and 11 grandchildren and 12 nieces and nephews. A memorial service is being planned for spring 2016 in Brooklyn, NY. 1/3 CONNOLLY--Edythe Slattery Sheehan, born February 5, 1928; Died December 17, 2015 in Brooklyn, NY. Fifth generation Brooklynite, Edythe was the widow of William G. Sheehan and Edward J. Connolly, she was preceded in death by her parents Clare (nee Smith) and J. Warren Slattery and her sister, Clare Slattery Kelly. She is survived by her children, William Sheehan (Daria Doyle) Mount Vernon, NY, Kathleen Sheehan (Daniel Burke) Fairfield, CT, Jane Sheehan (Matthew Murphy) Princeton, NJ, Clare Sheehan, Brooklyn, NY, Kevin Sheehan, Brooklyn, NY and Brian Sheehan (Maria Fong) Syracuse, NY; her stepdaughter Jane D. Connolly (Edward Schwarz) Weston, CT, her sister, Marylou Slattery Millard, Fenwick, Old Saybrook, CT and 11 grandchildren and 12 nieces and nephews. A memorial service is being planned for spring 2016 in Brooklyn, NY. 1/3 

MANICAS--Peter T. 1934-2015. Peter T. Manicas, retired professor of philosophy at Queens College, City University of New York and the University of Hawaii at Manoa, passed away on December 27 in Honolulu. He is survived by his wife of fifty-five years, Kenoe Kauanoe 'Ti' Manicas, and their son Teddy (Theodore). Their daughter Tautasi died previously. Born into a Greek and Sicilian immigrant family in Binghamton, NY, Manicas was raised in Batavia, NY. He saw active service in the U.S. Air Force in the late 1950s and attained the rank of Captain. He received his BA from Syracuse University, and his MA from the University of Buffalo and his PhD in philosophy from SUNY Buffalo (1963). Professor Manicas moved to Hawaii in 1988 where he served as Professor of Sociology and Director of the Interdisciplinary Studies program at the University of Hawaii at Manoa (1988-2011). Early in his career he taught at C.W. Post College and Ohio Wesleyan University. A testimony to his scholarly productivity, Manicas published thirteen books and over fifty papers on realist philosophy, American pragmatism, and social theory including: "The Death of the State" (1974); "A History and Philosophy of the Social Sciences" (1987); and "A Realist Philosophy of Science" (2006). The consistent recipient of teaching awards, Manicas touched the lives of thousands of students. Peter was endowed with a fiery passion for social justice and had a curious mind, a wicked humor, and an open heart. A consummate epicure, he also was an enthusiastic fan of the New York Yankees, Knicks, and Giants, in addition to being a powerful presence in pick-up basketball. Peter was in many ways larger than life and will be irreplaceable. Services will be held at Borthwick Mortuary in Honolulu. 1/3 MANICAS--Peter T. 1934-2015. Peter T. Manicas, retired professor of philosophy at Queens College, City University of New York and the University of Hawaii at Manoa, passed away on December 27 in Honolulu. He is survived by his wife of fifty-five years, Kenoe Kauanoe 'Ti' Manicas, and their son Teddy (Theodore). Their daughter Tautasi died previously. Born into a Greek and Sicilian immigrant family in Binghamton, NY, Manicas was raised in Batavia, NY. He saw active service in the U.S. Air Force in the late 1950s and attained the rank of Captain. He received his BA from Syracuse University, and his MA from the University of Buffalo and his PhD in philosophy from SUNY Buffalo (1963). Professor Manicas moved to Hawaii in 1988 where he served as Professor of Sociology and Director of the Interdisciplinary Studies program at the University of Hawaii at Manoa (1988-2011). Early in his career he taught at C.W. Post College and Ohio Wesleyan University. A testimony to his scholarly productivity, Manicas published thirteen books and over fifty papers on realist philosophy, American pragmatism, and social theory including: "The Death of the State" (1974); "A History and Philosophy of the Social Sciences" (1987); and "A Realist Philosophy of Science" (2006). The consistent recipient of teaching awards, Manicas touched the lives of thousands of students. Peter was endowed with a fiery passion for social justice and had a curious mind, a wicked humor, and an open heart. A consummate epicure, he also was an enthusiastic fan of the New York Yankees, Knicks, and Giants, in addition to being a powerful presence in pick-up basketball. Peter was in many ways larger than life and will be irreplaceable. Services will be held at Borthwick Mortuary in Honolulu. 1/3 

KAPLAN--Joel "Gonk," died on Tuesday, December 29, 2015, in his home in Wallkill, NY after a long illness. He was born in Brooklyn and was the son of the late Florence and Harry Kaplan. He was predeceased by his twin brother Ira Kaplan. He is survived by his loving wife Carol Kaplan; sons Laurence Berland and Noah Berland; brothers Steven Kaplan and Richard Kaplan; sister-in-law Jo-Ann Segal; brother-in-law Keith Crossley; sisters-in-law Denise Kaplan, Ann Johnson, and Sherry Kaplan; nieces and nephews Michelle Kratochvil, Michael Kaplan, Rachel Newell, and Casiel Kaplan. Joel was a true Renaissance Man and salt of the earth who was loved by all he touched. He will be deeply missed by all. Donations can be made to the Perlmutter Cancer Center, NYU Langone Medical Center, Lung Cancer Research Fund. Graveside service Sunday, 11am, Wellwood Cemetery. For further information, visit www.jewish-funeral- home.com. 1/3 KAPLAN--Joel "Gonk," died on Tuesday, December 29, 2015, in his home in Wallkill, NY after a long illness. He was born in Brooklyn and was the son of the late Florence and Harry Kaplan. He was predeceased by his twin brother Ira Kaplan. He is survived by his loving wife Carol Kaplan; sons Laurence Berland and Noah Berland; brothers Steven Kaplan and Richard Kaplan; sister-in-law Jo-Ann Segal; brother-in-law Keith Crossley; sisters-in-law Denise Kaplan, Ann Johnson, and Sherry Kaplan; nieces and nephews Michelle Kratochvil, Michael Kaplan, Rachel Newell, and Casiel Kaplan. Joel was a true Renaissance Man and salt of the earth who was loved by all he touched. He will be deeply missed by all. Donations can be made to the Perlmutter Cancer Center, NYU Langone Medical Center, Lung Cancer Research Fund. Graveside service Sunday, 11am, Wellwood Cemetery. For further information, visit www.jewish-funeral- home.com. 1/3 

MUNN--Donald Bruce. July 3, 1940 - December 21, 2015. Son of Catherine and Adam Munn of Bronx, New York, died peacefully on Monday, December 21st at Nazareth Classic Care of Fairfield, CA. Donald was best known for being a sales person extraordinaire. He is survived by his wife of 32 years, Pamela Munn, and his 20 year old daughter Montana Munn. He will be buried with his family in upstate New York. 1/3 MUNN--Donald Bruce. July 3, 1940 - December 21, 2015. Son of Catherine and Adam Munn of Bronx, New York, died peacefully on Monday, December 21st at Nazareth Classic Care of Fairfield, CA. Donald was best known for being a sales person extraordinaire. He is survived by his wife of 32 years, Pamela Munn, and his 20 year old daughter Montana Munn. He will be buried with his family in upstate New York. 1/3 

KAPLAN--Gilbert, died peacefully on the morning of January 1, 2016, with Lena, his wife of 45 years, and their four loving children by his side. An uncommon man in every respect, he founded Institutional Investor magazine at the age of 26, serving as its Publisher and Editor-in-Chief for the next two decades, only to embark on a second life as a renowned amateur conductor of Mahler's Second Symphony. He said of the symphony that it "wrapped itself around me and never let go." This passion ultimately led to conducting engagements with over 60 orchestras throughout the world, acclaimed recordings of the work with the London Symphony Orchestra and the Vienna Philharmonic and, more recently, a faculty position at Julliard. His private life was just as rich. He married the woman he loved at first sight, loved her deeply to the end, and together they presided over a family of four beautiful children, Kristina Wallison, Claude Davies, John Kaplan and Emily Kaplan, and eight grandchildren. All grieve profoundly at his passing, but feel deeply blessed to have loved and been loved by this remarkable man. The family will receive friends at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue (at 81st Street) in New York City, on Thursday, January 7 at 2-5pm and 7-9pm. Friends are invited to email stories and condolences to: gilkaplanfamily@gmail.com. 1/3 KAPLAN--Gilbert, died peacefully on the morning of January 1, 2016, with Lena, his wife of 45 years, and their four loving children by his side. An uncommon man in every respect, he founded Institutional Investor magazine at the age of 26, serving as its Publisher and Editor-in-Chief for the next two decades, only to embark on a second life as a renowned amateur conductor of Mahler's Second Symphony. He said of the symphony that it "wrapped itself around me and never let go." This passion ultimately led to conducting engagements with over 60 orchestras throughout the world, acclaimed recordings of the work with the London Symphony Orchestra and the Vienna Philharmonic and, more recently, a faculty position at Julliard. His private life was just as rich. He married the woman he loved at first sight, loved her deeply to the end, and together they presided over a family of four beautiful children, Kristina Wallison, Claude Davies, John Kaplan and Emily Kaplan, and eight grandchildren. All grieve profoundly at his passing, but feel deeply blessed to have loved and been loved by this remarkable man. The family will receive friends at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue (at 81st Street) in New York City, on Thursday, January 7 at 2-5pm and 7-9pm. Friends are invited to email stories and condolences to: gilkaplanfamily@gmail.com. 1/3 

PHILLIPS--Elizabeth, a highly respected private dealer in rare livre d'artiste with a specialty in Russian and Eastern European avant-garde, died in New York City, December 14, 2015. She is deeply missed by her children, Julian and Hannah, and by many loving family members, friends and business associates. 1/3 PHILLIPS--Elizabeth, a highly respected private dealer in rare livre d'artiste with a specialty in Russian and Eastern European avant-garde, died in New York City, December 14, 2015. She is deeply missed by her children, Julian and Hannah, and by many loving family members, friends and business associates. 1/3 

STRAUS--James D.,68 years old, longtime resident of Chicago, died at home on December 26. Jim grew up in Manhasset, NY, with his loving parents Alexander and Mary Ellen. He is survived by his sister Patti (Bob Fountaine), brother John (Diane), his niece Alexis (Jake Gettier) and his nephews John Jr. (Daisy) and Jesse. At the request of his family, donations in his memory can be made to Lincoln Park Community Shelter, 600 West Fullerton Parkway, Chicago, Il 60614. (www.lpcsonline.org). 1/3 STRAUS--James D.,68 years old, longtime resident of Chicago, died at home on December 26. Jim grew up in Manhasset, NY, with his loving parents Alexander and Mary Ellen. He is survived by his sister Patti (Bob Fountaine), brother John (Diane), his niece Alexis (Jake Gettier) and his nephews John Jr. (Daisy) and Jesse. At the request of his family, donations in his memory can be made to Lincoln Park Community Shelter, 600 West Fullerton Parkway, Chicago, Il 60614. (www.lpcsonline.org). 1/3 

KRASNER--Joanna, 85, on December 24, 2015. Born March 13, 1930. Professor, brilliant artist and extraordinary mother to Jenny Krasner, artist, and wife of the late Oscar Krasner, Director, The Krasner Gallery. 1/3 KRASNER--Joanna, 85, on December 24, 2015. Born March 13, 1930. Professor, brilliant artist and extraordinary mother to Jenny Krasner, artist, and wife of the late Oscar Krasner, Director, The Krasner Gallery. 1/3 

KAPLAN--Gilbert. The Board of Trustees and staff of Carnegie Hall mourn the passing of our dear friend and colleague Gilbert Kaplan, passionate music lover and devoted and beloved husband of Lena. Gil joined the Carnegie Hall Board of Trustees in 1980, and served the Hall with devotion for more than thirty-five years. Gil brought his financial acumen and keen insight to Carnegie Hall's management as a longstanding member of the Finance and Operations Committee, where he helped govern major institutional advances from the restoration of Carnegie Hall to the creation of an education center. Following his successful career in business and journalism, Gil became a celebrated scholar of Gustav Mahler, establishing the Kaplan Foundation and conducting Mahler's Second Symphony with leading orchestras around the world. Gil was invited by the Vienna Philharmonic to conduct the original version of Mahler's Second Symphony and his recordings of the Symphony with the London Symphony Orchestra and the Vienna Philharmonic were very successful. Gil demonstrated his deep love and knowledge of music every season as a frequent concertgoer, and many members of the Carnegie Hall's family were honored to be guests on Gil's acclaimed radio program "Mad About Music." We will always remember Gil for his warmth, musical scholarship, and his love of Carnegie Hall. We express our heartfelt condolences to his wife, Lena; his devoted children Kristina, Claude, John, and Emily; and their families and loved ones. Sanford I. Weill, President; Mercedes Bass, Acting Chairman; Clive Gillinson, Executive and Artistic Director 1/3 KAPLAN--Gilbert. The Board of Trustees and staff of Carnegie Hall mourn the passing of our dear friend and colleague Gilbert Kaplan, passionate music lover and devoted and beloved husband of Lena. Gil joined the Carnegie Hall Board of Trustees in 1980, and served the Hall with devotion for more than thirty-five years. Gil brought his financial acumen and keen insight to Carnegie Hall's management as a longstanding member of the Finance and Operations Committee, where he helped govern major institutional advances from the restoration of Carnegie Hall to the creation of an education center. Following his successful career in business and journalism, Gil became a celebrated scholar of Gustav Mahler, establishing the Kaplan Foundation and conducting Mahler's Second Symphony with leading orchestras around the world. Gil was invited by the Vienna Philharmonic to conduct the original version of Mahler's Second Symphony and his recordings of the Symphony with the London Symphony Orchestra and the Vienna Philharmonic were very successful. Gil demonstrated his deep love and knowledge of music every season as a frequent concertgoer, and many members of the Carnegie Hall's family were honored to be guests on Gil's acclaimed radio program "Mad About Music." We will always remember Gil for his warmth, musical scholarship, and his love of Carnegie Hall. We express our heartfelt condolences to his wife, Lena; his devoted children Kristina, Claude, John, and Emily; and their families and loved ones. Sanford I. Weill, President; Mercedes Bass, Acting Chairman; Clive Gillinson, Executive and Artistic Director 1/3 

LYONS--Steve, Interior decorator, fashion and stage designer, television personality, legend. Passed away on Thanksgiving Day at age 74. 1/3 LYONS--Steve, Interior decorator, fashion and stage designer, television personality, legend. Passed away on Thanksgiving Day at age 74. 1/3 

ROTH--Gary. Beloved husband of Jody Pollack Roth. Devoted father of Gregory Roth and Marni Rubin. Adored grandfather of Emily, Nicholas, and Alexis. Devoted son-in-law of Lester Pollack and the late Arlene. Brother of Joel Roth. Fond nephew, brother-in-law and uncle. Founder and president of Seven Points Capital. Funeral Thursday, December 31st at 11am, Campbell Funeral Home (81st St.). 1/3 ROTH--Gary. Beloved husband of Jody Pollack Roth. Devoted father of Gregory Roth and Marni Rubin. Adored grandfather of Emily, Nicholas, and Alexis. Devoted son-in-law of Lester Pollack and the late Arlene. Brother of Joel Roth. Fond nephew, brother-in-law and uncle. Founder and president of Seven Points Capital. Funeral Thursday, December 31st at 11am, Campbell Funeral Home (81st St.). 1/3 

HARTE--Judith Shereff, of Livingston, NJ, passed away in New York City on Wednesday, December 30, 2015 after a long and courageous fight with lung cancer. She was 77. Judi was an amazing mother, grandmother, sister, and woman. She enjoyed gardening, reading, painting, sculpting, music and building and fixing things. For a small person, Judi had a huge heart and always opened up her home and her heart to help others. After Hurricane Sandy, she had many displaced people stay with her for extended periods of time and never felt like it was too much; instead, she always said that she wished they would stay longer since she really enjoyed being with them and helping them. Judi was born to Abraham and Rose Shereff on June 18, 1938 in New York City and raised in Forest Hills, NY. She was preceded in death by her parents. Judi is survived by her brother and sister-in-law Richard and Susan Shereff; daughter Helaine Harte and son-in-law David Rhode, her sons and daughters-in-law Douglas and Ronni Harte and Jonathan and Belynda Harte; and the pride of her life, her grandchildren, Alex and Haleigh Harte and Tyler, Casey and Rebecca Rhode. Judi loved all animals. After being a teacher and raising her children, she worked at Turtle Back Zoo in West Orange, NJ, and spent many years rescuing and rehabilitating injured and orphaned wild animals and birds. In lieu of flowers, memorial donations may be made to The Turtle Back Zoo in Judi's honor. Funeral service will be held at Plaza Jewish Community Chapel at 630 Amsterdam Avenue in New York City at 11:30am on Sunday, January 3rd. 1/3 HARTE--Judith Shereff, of Livingston, NJ, passed away in New York City on Wednesday, December 30, 2015 after a long and courageous fight with lung cancer. She was 77. Judi was an amazing mother, grandmother, sister, and woman. She enjoyed gardening, reading, painting, sculpting, music and building and fixing things. For a small person, Judi had a huge heart and always opened up her home and her heart to help others. After Hurricane Sandy, she had many displaced people stay with her for extended periods of time and never felt like it was too much; instead, she always said that she wished they would stay longer since she really enjoyed being with them and helping them. Judi was born to Abraham and Rose Shereff on June 18, 1938 in New York City and raised in Forest Hills, NY. She was preceded in death by her parents. Judi is survived by her brother and sister-in-law Richard and Susan Shereff; daughter Helaine Harte and son-in-law David Rhode, her sons and daughters-in-law Douglas and Ronni Harte and Jonathan and Belynda Harte; and the pride of her life, her grandchildren, Alex and Haleigh Harte and Tyler, Casey and Rebecca Rhode. Judi loved all animals. After being a teacher and raising her children, she worked at Turtle Back Zoo in West Orange, NJ, and spent many years rescuing and rehabilitating injured and orphaned wild animals and birds. In lieu of flowers, memorial donations may be made to The Turtle Back Zoo in Judi's honor. Funeral service will be held at Plaza Jewish Community Chapel at 630 Amsterdam Avenue in New York City at 11:30am on Sunday, January 3rd. 1/3 

DICKLER--Ruth Crohn, 102, died Thursday, December 31, at home of natural causes. A native New Yorker who loved the City-its parks, museums, concert halls and people, she lived with her father, Dr. Burrill B. Crohn, after her parents divorced when she was 12. Her brother, the late Dr. Eduard B. Crohn, lived with their mother, Lucile Pels Crohn, in Europe. Mrs. Dickler met her husband-to-be, the late Gerald Dickler, when they were in their mid-teens. He was already attending Columbia College; she went to Barnard College for two years before dropping out to help support them while he began practicing law. She was librarian and book review editor, as well as a board member, at Citizens Housing and Planning Council of New York. She also served as president of The Burrill B. Crohn Research Foundation at Mount Sinai Hospital. But her greatest passion was philanthropy. She and her husband made large donations to institutions they both loved: the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the New York Public Library, the 92nd Street Y, UJA and Planned Parenthood. They also planned gifts to other city institutions. She leaves three daughters, Abby Pratt of West Stockbridge, Massachusetts and Squirrel Island, Maine, and her husband, Larry Pratt; Jane Dickler Lebow of New York City and Susan Dickler of New York City and West Tisbury, Massachusetts, and her husband, Sig Van Raan. She had four grandchildren, Sam Pratt, Kate Lebow, Dr. Robert Pratt and Emily Hoppe; three stepgrandchildren, Jackson, Sofie and Zoe Van Raan, and four great-grandchildren, Lucy and Owen Pratt and Naomi and Jacob Lawrence. There will be no funeral. A gathering of family and friends is planned in the future. Donations in her memory may be made to The Burrill B. Crohn Research Foundation at Mount Sinai Medical Center or Citizens Housing and Planning Council. 1/3 DICKLER--Ruth Crohn, 102, died Thursday, December 31, at home of natural causes. A native New Yorker who loved the City-its parks, museums, concert halls and people, she lived with her father, Dr. Burrill B. Crohn, after her parents divorced when she was 12. Her brother, the late Dr. Eduard B. Crohn, lived with their mother, Lucile Pels Crohn, in Europe. Mrs. Dickler met her husband-to-be, the late Gerald Dickler, when they were in their mid-teens. He was already attending Columbia College; she went to Barnard College for two years before dropping out to help support them while he began practicing law. She was librarian and book review editor, as well as a board member, at Citizens Housing and Planning Council of New York. She also served as president of The Burrill B. Crohn Research Foundation at Mount Sinai Hospital. But her greatest passion was philanthropy. She and her husband made large donations to institutions they both loved: the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the New York Public Library, the 92nd Street Y, UJA and Planned Parenthood. They also planned gifts to other city institutions. She leaves three daughters, Abby Pratt of West Stockbridge, Massachusetts and Squirrel Island, Maine, and her husband, Larry Pratt; Jane Dickler Lebow of New York City and Susan Dickler of New York City and West Tisbury, Massachusetts, and her husband, Sig Van Raan. She had four grandchildren, Sam Pratt, Kate Lebow, Dr. Robert Pratt and Emily Hoppe; three stepgrandchildren, Jackson, Sofie and Zoe Van Raan, and four great-grandchildren, Lucy and Owen Pratt and Naomi and Jacob Lawrence. There will be no funeral. A gathering of family and friends is planned in the future. Donations in her memory may be made to The Burrill B. Crohn Research Foundation at Mount Sinai Medical Center or Citizens Housing and Planning Council. 1/3 

GEIGER--Melissa Brown Wiley, died of natural causes in New York City on Saturday, December 19, 2015 surrounded by her loving family. Born in Bay Shore, NY in 1937, she was the oldest child of Melissa Adams and Robert Hoffman Wiley. Melissa graduated from Spring Valley High School, Spring Valley, NY in 1955. She attended Skidmore College and married in 1957. Howard and Melissa began their marriage at Dartmouth College. Howard's career brought them to many places: Munich, Germany; New Jersey; Minneapolis; San Francisco and finally settling down in Manhattan in 1987. Their lifelong home was on Lake George in Putnam, NY. Melissa brought music and friendship wherever she went; these passions defined her life. An extremely talented pianist, she played the organ for her church beginning at age 12. Melissa played an active role in her children's education, always volunteering, often as the accompanist for school musical productions. She sang in the Plymouth Church Choir and with the Plymouth Music Series. She supported the Minnesota Opera. Melissa was the Minister of Music, Organist and Choir Director at Suffern Presbyterian Church in Suffern, NY. While living in San Francisco, she sang in the Unitarian Church Choir and was a board member of The San Francisco Chamber Singers, now called Volti. In Manhattan, she joined the music department of the Rudolf Steiner School as a faculty member and retired in 2002. Melissa joined The Riverside Church in 1988 committed to making our world a better place through music. She was a member of The Riverside Choir, the Riverside Choral Society, served as Music Committee chair, raised funds for the Men's Shelter and was actively involved in the founding of the Catherine Van Buren Endowment Fund and the Friends of Music. She most recently enjoyed spending time with her children, grandchildren, friends, and her dog. Melissa is survived by her children, Melissa Ann Geiger (Paul Marvin) of New York, NY, Kirsten Geiger Rider (Harold) of Winnetka, IL, Howard (Skip) Wilton Geiger III of New York, NY, Christopher Wiley Geiger of Larkspur, CA and her brother, William Adams Wiley (Lynn) of Grantham, NH; nine grandchildren, Paul and Oliver Marvin of New York, NY, Harold, Sarah and Christopher Rider of Winnetka, IL, Lillian Geiger of New York, NY, Wiley, Bourke and Finley Geiger of Larkspur, CA as well as many adored nieces, nephews and her beloved dog Libee. Her husband of 56 years, Howard Wilton and her brother, George Martin Wiley III, predeceased Melissa. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to Friends of Music, The Riverside Church, 490 Riverside Drive, New York, NY, 10027. Services will be held at The Riverside Church, 490 Riverside Drive, New York, NY at 12:00pm on Monday, January 4. A memorial reception will immediately follow. There will be additional opportunities to meet with family and friends. 1/3 GEIGER--Melissa Brown Wiley, died of natural causes in New York City on Saturday, December 19, 2015 surrounded by her loving family. Born in Bay Shore, NY in 1937, she was the oldest child of Melissa Adams and Robert Hoffman Wiley. Melissa graduated from Spring Valley High School, Spring Valley, NY in 1955. She attended Skidmore College and married in 1957. Howard and Melissa began their marriage at Dartmouth College. Howard's career brought them to many places: Munich, Germany; New Jersey; Minneapolis; San Francisco and finally settling down in Manhattan in 1987. Their lifelong home was on Lake George in Putnam, NY. Melissa brought music and friendship wherever she went; these passions defined her life. An extremely talented pianist, she played the organ for her church beginning at age 12. Melissa played an active role in her children's education, always volunteering, often as the accompanist for school musical productions. She sang in the Plymouth Church Choir and with the Plymouth Music Series. She supported the Minnesota Opera. Melissa was the Minister of Music, Organist and Choir Director at Suffern Presbyterian Church in Suffern, NY. While living in San Francisco, she sang in the Unitarian Church Choir and was a board member of The San Francisco Chamber Singers, now called Volti. In Manhattan, she joined the music department of the Rudolf Steiner School as a faculty member and retired in 2002. Melissa joined The Riverside Church in 1988 committed to making our world a better place through music. She was a member of The Riverside Choir, the Riverside Choral Society, served as Music Committee chair, raised funds for the Men's Shelter and was actively involved in the founding of the Catherine Van Buren Endowment Fund and the Friends of Music. She most recently enjoyed spending time with her children, grandchildren, friends, and her dog. Melissa is survived by her children, Melissa Ann Geiger (Paul Marvin) of New York, NY, Kirsten Geiger Rider (Harold) of Winnetka, IL, Howard (Skip) Wilton Geiger III of New York, NY, Christopher Wiley Geiger of Larkspur, CA and her brother, William Adams Wiley (Lynn) of Grantham, NH; nine grandchildren, Paul and Oliver Marvin of New York, NY, Harold, Sarah and Christopher Rider of Winnetka, IL, Lillian Geiger of New York, NY, Wiley, Bourke and Finley Geiger of Larkspur, CA as well as many adored nieces, nephews and her beloved dog Libee. Her husband of 56 years, Howard Wilton and her brother, George Martin Wiley III, predeceased Melissa. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to Friends of Music, The Riverside Church, 490 Riverside Drive, New York, NY, 10027. Services will be held at The Riverside Church, 490 Riverside Drive, New York, NY at 12:00pm on Monday, January 4. A memorial reception will immediately follow. There will be additional opportunities to meet with family and friends. 1/3 

FRIEDMAN--Reginia, M.D. You were the most precious gift of all little sister. What joyful birthday fun and frolic we would have had today. With Much Love, Esther, Your Schvester 1/3 FRIEDMAN--Reginia, M.D. You were the most precious gift of all little sister. What joyful birthday fun and frolic we would have had today. With Much Love, Esther, Your Schvester 1/3 

DICKLER--Ruth Crohn. The Division of Gastroenterology at The Mount Sinai Medical Center is saddened at the loss of our dear friend and benefactor, Ruth Crohn Dickler, daughter of a founding giant of our profession, Dr. Burrill B. Crohn. The miracle of Ruth's life is not simply that she remained active and healthy for 102 years, but that she used those years to raise such a distinguished and devoted family, to support such a wide range of worthy causes, and to promulgate the timeless legacy of her father at Mount Sinai by underwriting many of the ground-breaking research and educational initiatives of our Division. Bruce E. Sands, MD, The Dr. Burrill B. Crohn Professor of Medicine; Division Chief Steven H. Itzkowitz, MD, Professor of Medicine and Oncological Sciences, Program Director David B. Sachar, MD, Clinical Professor of Medicine; Division Chief Emeritus 1/3 DICKLER--Ruth Crohn. The Division of Gastroenterology at The Mount Sinai Medical Center is saddened at the loss of our dear friend and benefactor, Ruth Crohn Dickler, daughter of a founding giant of our profession, Dr. Burrill B. Crohn. The miracle of Ruth's life is not simply that she remained active and healthy for 102 years, but that she used those years to raise such a distinguished and devoted family, to support such a wide range of worthy causes, and to promulgate the timeless legacy of her father at Mount Sinai by underwriting many of the ground-breaking research and educational initiatives of our Division. Bruce E. Sands, MD, The Dr. Burrill B. Crohn Professor of Medicine; Division Chief Steven H. Itzkowitz, MD, Professor of Medicine and Oncological Sciences, Program Director David B. Sachar, MD, Clinical Professor of Medicine; Division Chief Emeritus 1/3 

RIFKIN-COMRAS--Blanche. It is with deep sadness we mourn the loss of our longtime Board Member and friend. For over 40 years, Blanche was a valued member of our Board. She was a pillar of our community and will be missed by everyone who knew and loved her. Our condolences and prayers to her entire family and friends. Rest in peace. John Usdan, President Howard Martin, CEO 1/3 RIFKIN-COMRAS--Blanche. It is with deep sadness we mourn the loss of our longtime Board Member and friend. For over 40 years, Blanche was a valued member of our Board. She was a pillar of our community and will be missed by everyone who knew and loved her. Our condolences and prayers to her entire family and friends. Rest in peace. John Usdan, President Howard Martin, CEO 1/3 

GRAHAM--Dr. Harold Nathaniel, (July 27, 1921 to December 31, 2015) brilliant and playful, scientist and creator of games, stories, and puns. Traveler and adventurer, he roamed the planet from Bear Mountain, NY, to the Himalayas, San Francisco to the Galapagos, soaking up cultures and landscapes. He delighted in his family: his five children, Peter (Lew), Margy, Vicki (Nat), Rocky (Marjie), and Emily; his five grandchildren, Andrew (Erin), Rae (Billy), Spencer, Jordan (Megan), and Marisa; and his four great grandchildren, Betty, Josie, James, and Charlie. He was devoted to Lillie, his wife of 33 years, and then to Alaine, his wife of 24 years. He is loved and missed by family and friends. Memorial contributions may be made to the Southern Poverty Law Center. 1/3 GRAHAM--Dr. Harold Nathaniel, (July 27, 1921 to December 31, 2015) brilliant and playful, scientist and creator of games, stories, and puns. Traveler and adventurer, he roamed the planet from Bear Mountain, NY, to the Himalayas, San Francisco to the Galapagos, soaking up cultures and landscapes. He delighted in his family: his five children, Peter (Lew), Margy, Vicki (Nat), Rocky (Marjie), and Emily; his five grandchildren, Andrew (Erin), Rae (Billy), Spencer, Jordan (Megan), and Marisa; and his four great grandchildren, Betty, Josie, James, and Charlie. He was devoted to Lillie, his wife of 33 years, and then to Alaine, his wife of 24 years. He is loved and missed by family and friends. Memorial contributions may be made to the Southern Poverty Law Center. 1/3 

METZGER--Phoebe, 95, of Boca Raton, FL; died peacefully and naturally at home on December 29. She was the devoted wife for 64 years of Bernard (deceased). Mother of Robert and Steven, sister of Enid Lee, and brother Marvin Goldstein (deceased). She loved life with a large social circle, enjoying tennis, friendly gaming and philanthropy; she was a strong supporter of organizations for Jewish causes and the developmentally disabled. Services will be 1pm, Sunday, January 3 at Lakeside Memorial Park, Doral, FL; Shiva at the family home after 6pm. Honor her memory at JARCFL.ORG. 1/3 METZGER--Phoebe, 95, of Boca Raton, FL; died peacefully and naturally at home on December 29. She was the devoted wife for 64 years of Bernard (deceased). Mother of Robert and Steven, sister of Enid Lee, and brother Marvin Goldstein (deceased). She loved life with a large social circle, enjoying tennis, friendly gaming and philanthropy; she was a strong supporter of organizations for Jewish causes and the developmentally disabled. Services will be 1pm, Sunday, January 3 at Lakeside Memorial Park, Doral, FL; Shiva at the family home after 6pm. Honor her memory at JARCFL.ORG. 1/3 

VINSON--Myron "Mike", on December 30, 2015. Adored husband of Carol. Beloved father of Daniel and Laura. Cherished grandfather of Adam and Hannah. Service January 3, 2016, 10am at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street. 1/3 VINSON--Myron "Mike", on December 30, 2015. Adored husband of Carol. Beloved father of Daniel and Laura. Cherished grandfather of Adam and Hannah. Service January 3, 2016, 10am at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street. 1/3 

COOPERSMITH--Dr. Sy, psychoanalyst, died peacefully at home of respiratory arrest on November 6, 2015. He was 84. Sy was born on June 19, 1931 and grew up in Boston. He graduated from Boston Latin High School, Bates College and earned his doctorate at Columbia University Teachers College. Sy did his psychoanalytic training at the National Psychological Association for Psychoanalysis where he also served on the faculty and was a senior clinical supervisor. He is survived by his wife Dr. Valerie Pinhas, and daughter Andie Coopersmith. A Memorial Service will be held at NPAP on January 10, 2016 from 1-3pm, 40 West 13th St., NY, NY 10011. 1/3 COOPERSMITH--Dr. Sy, psychoanalyst, died peacefully at home of respiratory arrest on November 6, 2015. He was 84. Sy was born on June 19, 1931 and grew up in Boston. He graduated from Boston Latin High School, Bates College and earned his doctorate at Columbia University Teachers College. Sy did his psychoanalytic training at the National Psychological Association for Psychoanalysis where he also served on the faculty and was a senior clinical supervisor. He is survived by his wife Dr. Valerie Pinhas, and daughter Andie Coopersmith. A Memorial Service will be held at NPAP on January 10, 2016 from 1-3pm, 40 West 13th St., NY, NY 10011. 1/3 

KELLY--Ellsworth. The Checkerboard Film Foundation is very saddened at the passing of Ellsworth Kelly, seminal artist and true gentleman. In 2007, we were privileged to produce, with Jo Carole Lauder, the documentary film, "Ellsworth Kelly: Fragments." Most memorably, we filmed Ellsworth in Paris as he recounted his formative experiences while living there from 1948 to 1954, and his exploration of French culture and monuments that so informed his work. He said: "In my paintings, I am not inventing; my ideas come from constantly investigating how things look." They included the shadows of an arch of a bridge on the Seine ("White Plaque: Bridge Arch and Reflection," 1951-55); the external chimneys on the wall of a building ("Ormesson," 1950); and the long angular windows at The Museum of Modern Art, Paris ("Window," his first panel painting, 1949). We send our very sincere condolences to Jack Shear, whose inspiration and guidance were invaluable. The Board of Trustees and Edgar B. Howard, President 1/3 KELLY--Ellsworth. The Checkerboard Film Foundation is very saddened at the passing of Ellsworth Kelly, seminal artist and true gentleman. In 2007, we were privileged to produce, with Jo Carole Lauder, the documentary film, "Ellsworth Kelly: Fragments." Most memorably, we filmed Ellsworth in Paris as he recounted his formative experiences while living there from 1948 to 1954, and his exploration of French culture and monuments that so informed his work. He said: "In my paintings, I am not inventing; my ideas come from constantly investigating how things look." They included the shadows of an arch of a bridge on the Seine ("White Plaque: Bridge Arch and Reflection," 1951-55); the external chimneys on the wall of a building ("Ormesson," 1950); and the long angular windows at The Museum of Modern Art, Paris ("Window," his first panel painting, 1949). We send our very sincere condolences to Jack Shear, whose inspiration and guidance were invaluable. The Board of Trustees and Edgar B. Howard, President 1/3 

HSU--Ta Chun. Weill Cornell Medicine is saddened by the passing of our friend Ta Chun Hsu, former president of The Starr Foundation and a graceful, longtime generous champion of our institution. His legacy endures through the C.V. Starr Biomedical Information Center, which the foundation established in 1987 to provide physicians, scientists, staff and students with the latest information resources. The foundation's commitment to education is also exemplified in the C.V. Starr Scholarship, which has supported the training of generations of medical students since its creation nearly 30 years ago. We will greatly miss his friendship and sage advice. Our condolences to The Starr Foundation leadership, his family and his many friends. Dr. Laurie H. Glimcher, Dean, Weill Cornell Medicine Jessica M. Bibliowicz, Chairman, Board of Overseers 1/3 HSU--Ta Chun. Weill Cornell Medicine is saddened by the passing of our friend Ta Chun Hsu, former president of The Starr Foundation and a graceful, longtime generous champion of our institution. His legacy endures through the C.V. Starr Biomedical Information Center, which the foundation established in 1987 to provide physicians, scientists, staff and students with the latest information resources. The foundation's commitment to education is also exemplified in the C.V. Starr Scholarship, which has supported the training of generations of medical students since its creation nearly 30 years ago. We will greatly miss his friendship and sage advice. Our condolences to The Starr Foundation leadership, his family and his many friends. Dr. Laurie H. Glimcher, Dean, Weill Cornell Medicine Jessica M. Bibliowicz, Chairman, Board of Overseers 1/3 

FREILICH--Dr. Gerald. Emeritus professor of mathematics at Queens College of CUNY who specialized in geometric measure theory, passed away on December 27th, 2015 at age 88. Professor Freilich was the author of several books and many research articles and reviews in academic journals. He was a former governor of the Mathematical Association of America as well as Chairman of the New York Metropolitan Section and served on the national panel of the Committee on the Undergraduate Program of Mathematics. Born in Brooklyn, he received a bachelor's degree, Summa Cum Laude, from City College in 1946 and a Doctorate in Mathematics from Brown University in 1949. He taught at Brown University and then at City College of New York, advancing to full professor and Chairman of the Mathematics Department in 1966. During those years, he was an original member of the organizing Committee of the SUNY Doctoral Program and single- handedly established the SUNY graduate Mathematics Library. He also taught at Wesleyan University as a visiting professor. He joined the faculty of Queens College in 1971 and taught there until his retirement in 1995. Professor Freilich served in the US Navy in World War II. After the war he was a Lieutenant J.G. in the Navy Reserves. He also did research for the National Ordinance Lab on helicopters and submarines. He is survived by Marion (nee Freudenberger) after 62 years of marriage. He is also survived by his brother Dr. Herbert Freilich and children Sandra Novetsky (Dr. Gary) and Dr. David Freilich (Erica) as well as eight grandchildren and six great-grandchildren and many nephews and nieces. 1/3 FREILICH--Dr. Gerald. Emeritus professor of mathematics at Queens College of CUNY who specialized in geometric measure theory, passed away on December 27th, 2015 at age 88. Professor Freilich was the author of several books and many research articles and reviews in academic journals. He was a former governor of the Mathematical Association of America as well as Chairman of the New York Metropolitan Section and served on the national panel of the Committee on the Undergraduate Program of Mathematics. Born in Brooklyn, he received a bachelor's degree, Summa Cum Laude, from City College in 1946 and a Doctorate in Mathematics from Brown University in 1949. He taught at Brown University and then at City College of New York, advancing to full professor and Chairman of the Mathematics Department in 1966. During those years, he was an original member of the organizing Committee of the SUNY Doctoral Program and single- handedly established the SUNY graduate Mathematics Library. He also taught at Wesleyan University as a visiting professor. He joined the faculty of Queens College in 1971 and taught there until his retirement in 1995. Professor Freilich served in the US Navy in World War II. After the war he was a Lieutenant J.G. in the Navy Reserves. He also did research for the National Ordinance Lab on helicopters and submarines. He is survived by Marion (nee Freudenberger) after 62 years of marriage. He is also survived by his brother Dr. Herbert Freilich and children Sandra Novetsky (Dr. Gary) and Dr. David Freilich (Erica) as well as eight grandchildren and six great-grandchildren and many nephews and nieces. 1/3 

BAKER--Elizabeth, "Betsy." Elizabeth "Betsy" Lentz Baker died unexpectedly in Savannah, GA on December 4, 2015 after a brief illness. A resident of Manhattan's Upper West Side for 50 years, and more recently of Tuxedo Park, NY, Betsy was born in Kittanning, PA, on August 13, 1936 to Elizabeth Fleming Wagner and William Roy Baker and was raised in State College, PA and Wilmington, DE where she graduated from Alexis I. DuPont High School. She earned a B.S. degree from Drexel University specializing in textile chemistry and was a member of Delta Zeta Sorority. She worked for Celanese, Hercules, Inc., and as a commercial print model. Betsy volunteered with The Leukemia Society, Community Board 7, various cancer support groups, and Manhattan's Bull Moose Dog Run. A longtime survivor of tonsilar area cancer, which she faced with courage and conviction, Betsy was an inspiration to all those who knew her. Despite the physical challenges with which the disease left her, Betsy was able to flourish thanks to the devoted care of her physician, Dr. Margaret Lewin. Survived by stepfather Romeo Barrick Wagner, cousins Robert Hayman, Sr. (Sally), Robert Hayman, Jr. (Sherry), and Victoria Sutton (James) and her poodle, Queen Victoria "Tori." Donations in Betsy's memory may be made to "Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine/The Albert L. Lewin, M.D. Award Fund for Clinical Excellence in Pediatrics," Office of Advancement Services, Case Western Reserve University, 10900 Euclid Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio 44106-7035. Telephone 216-368-2000. 1/3 BAKER--Elizabeth, "Betsy." Elizabeth "Betsy" Lentz Baker died unexpectedly in Savannah, GA on December 4, 2015 after a brief illness. A resident of Manhattan's Upper West Side for 50 years, and more recently of Tuxedo Park, NY, Betsy was born in Kittanning, PA, on August 13, 1936 to Elizabeth Fleming Wagner and William Roy Baker and was raised in State College, PA and Wilmington, DE where she graduated from Alexis I. DuPont High School. She earned a B.S. degree from Drexel University specializing in textile chemistry and was a member of Delta Zeta Sorority. She worked for Celanese, Hercules, Inc., and as a commercial print model. Betsy volunteered with The Leukemia Society, Community Board 7, various cancer support groups, and Manhattan's Bull Moose Dog Run. A longtime survivor of tonsilar area cancer, which she faced with courage and conviction, Betsy was an inspiration to all those who knew her. Despite the physical challenges with which the disease left her, Betsy was able to flourish thanks to the devoted care of her physician, Dr. Margaret Lewin. Survived by stepfather Romeo Barrick Wagner, cousins Robert Hayman, Sr. (Sally), Robert Hayman, Jr. (Sherry), and Victoria Sutton (James) and her poodle, Queen Victoria "Tori." Donations in Betsy's memory may be made to "Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine/The Albert L. Lewin, M.D. Award Fund for Clinical Excellence in Pediatrics," Office of Advancement Services, Case Western Reserve University, 10900 Euclid Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio 44106-7035. Telephone 216-368-2000. 1/3 

SHORT--Stephen. June 11, 1945-December 12, 2015. Stephen Short, a former Procter of the Admiralty, who also served in the Merchant Marine, passed away on December 12th. A longtime member of the New York State bar, his legal career encompassed maritime, criminal and personal injury law. In his youth, Mr. Short was also a gifted athlete, excelling as a swimmer, skier, sailor and avid tennis player. He was also deemed an Olympic caliber fencer by Maestro Odon Niederkirchner, of the NYAC. A colorful figure and lifelong champion of the underdog, he will be missed by all who loved him, including his sisters, Leslie Blake and Cheryl Bulbach and his brother, Dr. Wayne Blackmon. As per his wishes, Mr. Short's corneas were donated to the Eye Bank for Sight Restoration. A Memorial will be held in mid-January at the Village Funeral Home. 1/3 SHORT--Stephen. June 11, 1945-December 12, 2015. Stephen Short, a former Procter of the Admiralty, who also served in the Merchant Marine, passed away on December 12th. A longtime member of the New York State bar, his legal career encompassed maritime, criminal and personal injury law. In his youth, Mr. Short was also a gifted athlete, excelling as a swimmer, skier, sailor and avid tennis player. He was also deemed an Olympic caliber fencer by Maestro Odon Niederkirchner, of the NYAC. A colorful figure and lifelong champion of the underdog, he will be missed by all who loved him, including his sisters, Leslie Blake and Cheryl Bulbach and his brother, Dr. Wayne Blackmon. As per his wishes, Mr. Short's corneas were donated to the Eye Bank for Sight Restoration. A Memorial will be held in mid-January at the Village Funeral Home. 1/3 

ERIKSEN--Stein, December 11, 1927-December 27, 2015. Stein Eriksen Lodge mourns the passing of our namesake Stein Eriksen. It was Stein's vision that created the lodge. He set the high standard for hospitality and service that still exists today. His celebrity charisma created a special ambiance within the Lodge, restaurant and out on the mountain that was warm and inviting and contributed to Deer Valley Resort being named number one and the Lodge being named "World's Best Ski Hotel." As one of the most recognized names in the ski world, Stein Eriksen has been synonymous with skiing style and elegance for more than 60 years. Our thoughts are with his wife Francois and his son Bjorn, three daughters, Julianna, Ava and Anja, as well as his five grandchildren. Stein will be sorely missed. Ski well our friend! Dennis A Suskind, President Russ Olsen, CEO 1/3 ERIKSEN--Stein, December 11, 1927-December 27, 2015. Stein Eriksen Lodge mourns the passing of our namesake Stein Eriksen. It was Stein's vision that created the lodge. He set the high standard for hospitality and service that still exists today. His celebrity charisma created a special ambiance within the Lodge, restaurant and out on the mountain that was warm and inviting and contributed to Deer Valley Resort being named number one and the Lodge being named "World's Best Ski Hotel." As one of the most recognized names in the ski world, Stein Eriksen has been synonymous with skiing style and elegance for more than 60 years. Our thoughts are with his wife Francois and his son Bjorn, three daughters, Julianna, Ava and Anja, as well as his five grandchildren. Stein will be sorely missed. Ski well our friend! Dennis A Suskind, President Russ Olsen, CEO 1/3 

BENDAHAN--Maurice, died peacefully January 1. Loving husband of Yvette and father of Miriam and great uncle. Funeral Sunday, January 3, 9:30am, Plaza Jewish Community Chapel, 630 Amsterdam Ave at 91st St, New York. Interment at Beth Olam Cemetery in Ridgewood, Queens. 1/3 BENDAHAN--Maurice, died peacefully January 1. Loving husband of Yvette and father of Miriam and great uncle. Funeral Sunday, January 3, 9:30am, Plaza Jewish Community Chapel, 630 Amsterdam Ave at 91st St, New York. Interment at Beth Olam Cemetery in Ridgewood, Queens. 1/3 

ROSEN--Baran S.,passed away after a brief illness. He is survived by his wife Margie; children Sarah and Michael; brothers Russell (Eileen) and Alan (Lyn); sister and brother-in-law Susan and Bob Lewin and many nieces and nephews. Our North Star and center of gravity, he will be missed and loved forever. Funeral Sunday, 11:15am, Riverside Memorial Chapel, Amsterdam and 76th St. 1/3 ROSEN--Baran S.,passed away after a brief illness. He is survived by his wife Margie; children Sarah and Michael; brothers Russell (Eileen) and Alan (Lyn); sister and brother-in-law Susan and Bob Lewin and many nieces and nephews. Our North Star and center of gravity, he will be missed and loved forever. Funeral Sunday, 11:15am, Riverside Memorial Chapel, Amsterdam and 76th St. 1/3 

DICKLER--Ruth. It is with deep sadness that we note the passing of Mrs. Ruth Dickler who first joined The Citizens Housing & Planning Council as a volunteer in 1962, where she began to build and shape our archival library. She was an important resource for New York City's researchers, academics, and students. Upon her retirement she became a member of CHPC's Board of Directors. A talented writer and editor, her research and organizational skills helped to shape CHPC's work for nearly five decades. A mentor and friend to all of us at CHPC, her legacy continues in the historic library that bares her name. Our heartfelt condolences to her family and friends and to our city which has lost a great lady. 1/3 DICKLER--Ruth. It is with deep sadness that we note the passing of Mrs. Ruth Dickler who first joined The Citizens Housing & Planning Council as a volunteer in 1962, where she began to build and shape our archival library. She was an important resource for New York City's researchers, academics, and students. Upon her retirement she became a member of CHPC's Board of Directors. A talented writer and editor, her research and organizational skills helped to shape CHPC's work for nearly five decades. A mentor and friend to all of us at CHPC, her legacy continues in the historic library that bares her name. Our heartfelt condolences to her family and friends and to our city which has lost a great lady. 1/3 

HANNING--Geraldine, of NYC, formerly of Delaware, OH, on December 15th, 2015 age 92. Former Broadway and TV Actress. Beloved daughter of the late Maurice and Mary nee Miller. Mass at the Church of St. Mary's, Delaware, OH, Thursday, January 7th at 10am. Interment St. Mary's Catholic Cemetery. 1/3 HANNING--Geraldine, of NYC, formerly of Delaware, OH, on December 15th, 2015 age 92. Former Broadway and TV Actress. Beloved daughter of the late Maurice and Mary nee Miller. Mass at the Church of St. Mary's, Delaware, OH, Thursday, January 7th at 10am. Interment St. Mary's Catholic Cemetery. 1/3 

MOSKOVITZ--Adele. Died December 31, 2015, two days after her 100th birthday. Generous, gracious and beautiful, she lost her beloved husband, Irving, in 1996, just short of their 59th Wedding Anniversary. She is survived by her children, Anne Davis and Peter (both widowed), grandchildren Ariel Morvan, David and Zoe, and three great-grandchildren, Eleanor, Angelica and Benjamin. Adele studied dramatic arts at NYU, acted briefly, and was passionate about music, art and travel. She loved her home in New York and a second home in Cannes, France, in which places she brought family and friends together. While her children were growing up in Scarsdale, NY, she was an officer of the PTA, served as co-leader of a Girl Scout troop and hosted a foreign exchange student, Delcia Bence Rusk, to whom she remained close all her life. In a brief reprise of her acting career, she played Mrs. Frank in a 1961 Scarsdale High School production of The Diary of Anne Frank in which her daughter, Anne, was played by Liza Minnelli in her acting debut. A lover of music and constant concertgoer, she was an active Board Member of Young Audiences, the Bowden International Music Festival, and the Marlboro Music Festival, which she attended for over forty years. She took great pleasure in encouraging young musicians at the beginning of their careers. The funeral is private. There will be a memorial service, the date to be announced. Contributions in her memory may be made to Marlboro Music, 1528 Walnut Street, Suite 301, Philadelphia, PA 19102. 1/3 MOSKOVITZ--Adele. Died December 31, 2015, two days after her 100th birthday. Generous, gracious and beautiful, she lost her beloved husband, Irving, in 1996, just short of their 59th Wedding Anniversary. She is survived by her children, Anne Davis and Peter (both widowed), grandchildren Ariel Morvan, David and Zoe, and three great-grandchildren, Eleanor, Angelica and Benjamin. Adele studied dramatic arts at NYU, acted briefly, and was passionate about music, art and travel. She loved her home in New York and a second home in Cannes, France, in which places she brought family and friends together. While her children were growing up in Scarsdale, NY, she was an officer of the PTA, served as co-leader of a Girl Scout troop and hosted a foreign exchange student, Delcia Bence Rusk, to whom she remained close all her life. In a brief reprise of her acting career, she played Mrs. Frank in a 1961 Scarsdale High School production of The Diary of Anne Frank in which her daughter, Anne, was played by Liza Minnelli in her acting debut. A lover of music and constant concertgoer, she was an active Board Member of Young Audiences, the Bowden International Music Festival, and the Marlboro Music Festival, which she attended for over forty years. She took great pleasure in encouraging young musicians at the beginning of their careers. The funeral is private. There will be a memorial service, the date to be announced. Contributions in her memory may be made to Marlboro Music, 1528 Walnut Street, Suite 301, Philadelphia, PA 19102. 1/3 

BROOK--Jonathan Edward. 6 months have passed without you. We miss you more than words can say. Our love for you will always live on in our hearts. Nicole, Juliette, Cassie, Mom, Dad, Adam 1/3 BROOK--Jonathan Edward. 6 months have passed without you. We miss you more than words can say. Our love for you will always live on in our hearts. Nicole, Juliette, Cassie, Mom, Dad, Adam 1/3 

PERALTA-RAMOS--Arturo Jr. Born in Southampton, L.I. to Arturo H. Peralta-Ramos Sr. and Millicent Rogers, Arturo Henry Peralta-Ramos, Jr. passed away December 21, 2015, at his home in Taos, NM at the age of 87. He is survived by his wife of fifty years, Jacqueline Blanchard Peralta-Ramos, his son Arturo H. Peralta-Ramos III, (Eunjae Peralta-Ramos) of Jackson Hole, Wyoming, his daughter Lorian Peralta- Ramos Buckley, (Peter Buckley) of Aiken, South Carolina, his grandchildren, Sascha and Syler Peralta-Ramos, Jamie and Ian Buckley, Ashley and Lindsey Gamble, and his step-mother Mercedes Peralta-Ramos. In addition to his parents, he was preceded in death by his older half brother Peter Salm, and younger brother, Paul Peralta-Ramos. Arturo Peralta-Ramos Jr. grew up in the United States and Europe. He attended school on both continents, most notable being Institut Le Rosey in Switzerland and Staunton Military Academy in Virginia. He briefly attended the University of Virginia before striking off to pursue his life-long career as an Entrepreneur. Based out of New York City, his business interests spanned a diverse array of industries including mining, flour milling, defense, electronic marketing, recreation and entertainment. His most recognized achievement was as a co-founder of Comp-U- Card International, one of the leading edge precursors to online marketing. A staunch patriot, over many years Arturo acted as an advisor to the Lyndon Johnson administration, along with numerous senators and congressmen, and participated in a number of classified assignments. One of his greatest passions throughout his life was bird hunting. In that pursuit he travelled the world and won numerous domestic and international championships. Arturo also maintained strong affection for the Millicent Rogers Museum in Taos, NM, dedicated to the life and artistic creations, collections and endeavors of his mother, Millicent Rogers. Over the years he served on the board and participated both as an avid advisor and benefactor. Funeral services will be performed on January 9, 2016, at 11am at the San Francisco de Asis Church in Ranchos de Taos by Father Dino Candelaria, followed by a final graveside blessing at the Taos Sierra Vista Cemetery. A reception for family and friends will be held at the Trading Post Restaurant following the interment. In lieu of flowers, gifts or donations in his memory should go to the Millicent Roger Museum. www.millicentrogers.org 1/3 PERALTA-RAMOS--Arturo Jr. Born in Southampton, L.I. to Arturo H. Peralta-Ramos Sr. and Millicent Rogers, Arturo Henry Peralta-Ramos, Jr. passed away December 21, 2015, at his home in Taos, NM at the age of 87. He is survived by his wife of fifty years, Jacqueline Blanchard Peralta-Ramos, his son Arturo H. Peralta-Ramos III, (Eunjae Peralta-Ramos) of Jackson Hole, Wyoming, his daughter Lorian Peralta- Ramos Buckley, (Peter Buckley) of Aiken, South Carolina, his grandchildren, Sascha and Syler Peralta-Ramos, Jamie and Ian Buckley, Ashley and Lindsey Gamble, and his step-mother Mercedes Peralta-Ramos. In addition to his parents, he was preceded in death by his older half brother Peter Salm, and younger brother, Paul Peralta-Ramos. Arturo Peralta-Ramos Jr. grew up in the United States and Europe. He attended school on both continents, most notable being Institut Le Rosey in Switzerland and Staunton Military Academy in Virginia. He briefly attended the University of Virginia before striking off to pursue his life-long career as an Entrepreneur. Based out of New York City, his business interests spanned a diverse array of industries including mining, flour milling, defense, electronic marketing, recreation and entertainment. His most recognized achievement was as a co-founder of Comp-U- Card International, one of the leading edge precursors to online marketing. A staunch patriot, over many years Arturo acted as an advisor to the Lyndon Johnson administration, along with numerous senators and congressmen, and participated in a number of classified assignments. One of his greatest passions throughout his life was bird hunting. In that pursuit he travelled the world and won numerous domestic and international championships. Arturo also maintained strong affection for the Millicent Rogers Museum in Taos, NM, dedicated to the life and artistic creations, collections and endeavors of his mother, Millicent Rogers. Over the years he served on the board and participated both as an avid advisor and benefactor. Funeral services will be performed on January 9, 2016, at 11am at the San Francisco de Asis Church in Ranchos de Taos by Father Dino Candelaria, followed by a final graveside blessing at the Taos Sierra Vista Cemetery. A reception for family and friends will be held at the Trading Post Restaurant following the interment. In lieu of flowers, gifts or donations in his memory should go to the Millicent Roger Museum. www.millicentrogers.org 1/3 

BERMAN--Hannah, passed away peacefully at the age of 98 on January 1, 2016; beloved wife of the late Dr. Martin H. Berman, loving mother of Judy and Paul Litner and Larry Berman, devoted grandmother of Barry and Jeffrey Stevens, adoring great-grandmother of Joshua and Carly Stevens, loving aunt of Barbara Harris, Janey Weinreb, Alan Feierstein and Susan Tornheim. She was loved by all who knew her and will be deeply missed. 1/3 BERMAN--Hannah, passed away peacefully at the age of 98 on January 1, 2016; beloved wife of the late Dr. Martin H. Berman, loving mother of Judy and Paul Litner and Larry Berman, devoted grandmother of Barry and Jeffrey Stevens, adoring great-grandmother of Joshua and Carly Stevens, loving aunt of Barbara Harris, Janey Weinreb, Alan Feierstein and Susan Tornheim. She was loved by all who knew her and will be deeply missed. 1/3 

DOSHI--Shrenik Ramaniklal. After a struggle with leukemia, Shrenik Ramaniklal Doshi passed away in New York, NY on Friday, January 1, 2016. He was 71 years old. As president of Jewelex New York, he was a pioneer in the diamond industry. His charisma, generosity, and compassion drew many friends who will miss him dearly. He leaves behind a loving family that will carry on his tradition of exceptional philanthropy. He is survived by his wife, Rupa Doshi and his son and daughter-in-law, Nirav and Alma Doshi. 1/3 DOSHI--Shrenik Ramaniklal. After a struggle with leukemia, Shrenik Ramaniklal Doshi passed away in New York, NY on Friday, January 1, 2016. He was 71 years old. As president of Jewelex New York, he was a pioneer in the diamond industry. His charisma, generosity, and compassion drew many friends who will miss him dearly. He leaves behind a loving family that will carry on his tradition of exceptional philanthropy. He is survived by his wife, Rupa Doshi and his son and daughter-in-law, Nirav and Alma Doshi. 1/3 

HSU--Ta Chun (T.C.), our esteemed president emeritus and director, died peacefully in his sleep on Sunday, December 27, 2015 at the age of 97. T.C. lived a full life. He was a gentleman in every sense of the word, dedicated, deeply loyal, a good friend, and counselor to generations of colleagues at the Starr Companies and The Starr Foundation. T.C. was born in Beijing in 1918, son of Yu Hsuen Yang (mother) and Tsing Lo (Singloh) Hsu (father), brother of the late Ta Ching (Irene) Hsu and the late Vivian Hsu Jee, and beloved "Uncle T.C." to many. T.C.'s father was one of the earliest backers of Cornelius Vander Starr's businesses in Shanghai and, when Tsing Lo Hsu was killed in the early days of World War II, Mr. Starr brought T.C. to America to complete his college education. T.C. never forgot Mr. Starr's generosity and friendship and made significant contributions to Starr's organizations over the years. T.C. attended the University of Shanghai from 1936-1938 and graduated from Haverford College in 1942 with a B.S. in economics. He earned a masters degree at Columbia University in the School of Journalism in 1944 and began his career with the news department of the Chinese Information Service in New York. He returned to Shanghai to work on the Chinese edition of The Shanghai Evening Post and Mercury, newspapers owned by Mr. Starr. In 1947, T.C. joined the staff of the Shanghai Commercial & Savings Bank until 1949, and then joined Starr's American International companies in Hong Kong and later San Francisco. In 1964, T.C. moved to New York to work directly with Mr. Starr on a variety of projects, including the management of The Starr Foundation, Mr. Starr's private philanthropic foundation. After Mr. Starr's death in late 1968, T.C. became President of The Starr Foundation and served in that role until 1999. T.C. remained an active director of the Foundation until his death. T.C. will be laid to rest in China. A memorial service in New York City is planned for a future date. M.R. Greenberg, Chairman The Starr Foundation 1/3 HSU--Ta Chun (T.C.), our esteemed president emeritus and director, died peacefully in his sleep on Sunday, December 27, 2015 at the age of 97. T.C. lived a full life. He was a gentleman in every sense of the word, dedicated, deeply loyal, a good friend, and counselor to generations of colleagues at the Starr Companies and The Starr Foundation. T.C. was born in Beijing in 1918, son of Yu Hsuen Yang (mother) and Tsing Lo (Singloh) Hsu (father), brother of the late Ta Ching (Irene) Hsu and the late Vivian Hsu Jee, and beloved "Uncle T.C." to many. T.C.'s father was one of the earliest backers of Cornelius Vander Starr's businesses in Shanghai and, when Tsing Lo Hsu was killed in the early days of World War II, Mr. Starr brought T.C. to America to complete his college education. T.C. never forgot Mr. Starr's generosity and friendship and made significant contributions to Starr's organizations over the years. T.C. attended the University of Shanghai from 1936-1938 and graduated from Haverford College in 1942 with a B.S. in economics. He earned a masters degree at Columbia University in the School of Journalism in 1944 and began his career with the news department of the Chinese Information Service in New York. He returned to Shanghai to work on the Chinese edition of The Shanghai Evening Post and Mercury, newspapers owned by Mr. Starr. In 1947, T.C. joined the staff of the Shanghai Commercial & Savings Bank until 1949, and then joined Starr's American International companies in Hong Kong and later San Francisco. In 1964, T.C. moved to New York to work directly with Mr. Starr on a variety of projects, including the management of The Starr Foundation, Mr. Starr's private philanthropic foundation. After Mr. Starr's death in late 1968, T.C. became President of The Starr Foundation and served in that role until 1999. T.C. remained an active director of the Foundation until his death. T.C. will be laid to rest in China. A memorial service in New York City is planned for a future date. M.R. Greenberg, Chairman The Starr Foundation 1/3 

HALPER DICKSON--Sari. January 30, 2009. Seven years. Extraordinary mother, wife, sister and daughter. Sorely missed and adored by Zachary, Aleks and Diana, Barbara, Shauna, John, Joe. She is our song. 1/3 HALPER DICKSON--Sari. January 30, 2009. Seven years. Extraordinary mother, wife, sister and daughter. Sorely missed and adored by Zachary, Aleks and Diana, Barbara, Shauna, John, Joe. She is our song. 1/3 

BENDICH--Albert M. June 18, 1929 - January 5, 2015 Dearest Al, It seems like yesterday when you left us. We've lost our brightest light. You've so inspired us in life, by your actions, deeds, words, love and philosophy and will continue to do so - always. Endless love and respect, Pam and your loving family and friends 1/3 BENDICH--Albert M. June 18, 1929 - January 5, 2015 Dearest Al, It seems like yesterday when you left us. We've lost our brightest light. You've so inspired us in life, by your actions, deeds, words, love and philosophy and will continue to do so - always. Endless love and respect, Pam and your loving family and friends 1/3 

RIFKIN-COMRAS--Blanche. Passed away December 31, 2015 at the age of 99. Loving wife to the late Oscar Comras and Louis Rifkin; Dear sister to Gertrude Goldstein; Beloved mother to Madelyn Katz (Albert) and Donald Comras (Albert Husted); Adored grandmother of Jay Katz and David Katz (Lauren Hurvitz); Ecstatic great- grandmother of Sam Katz, Amanda Katz, Natalie Katz, CC Katz, and Lila Katz; Cherished aunt to all her nieces and nephews. A bundle of energy and pillar of the community, she worked tirelessly for: The Advisory Board of Jacobi Hospital; The Advisory Board of Einstein/Montefiore; Member of the Community Board 11 for 30 years; The Board of Directors of Bronx House; and National Council of Jewish Women. Services will be held at the Shalom Jewish Funeral Home, 1528 Castle Hill Avenue, Bronx on Sunday, January 3, 2016 at 11:30am. Interment: Mt. Hebron Cemetery. Donations in her name may be made to: www.bronxhouse.org or to: www.ujafedny.org. 1/3 RIFKIN-COMRAS--Blanche. Passed away December 31, 2015 at the age of 99. Loving wife to the late Oscar Comras and Louis Rifkin; Dear sister to Gertrude Goldstein; Beloved mother to Madelyn Katz (Albert) and Donald Comras (Albert Husted); Adored grandmother of Jay Katz and David Katz (Lauren Hurvitz); Ecstatic great- grandmother of Sam Katz, Amanda Katz, Natalie Katz, CC Katz, and Lila Katz; Cherished aunt to all her nieces and nephews. A bundle of energy and pillar of the community, she worked tirelessly for: The Advisory Board of Jacobi Hospital; The Advisory Board of Einstein/Montefiore; Member of the Community Board 11 for 30 years; The Board of Directors of Bronx House; and National Council of Jewish Women. Services will be held at the Shalom Jewish Funeral Home, 1528 Castle Hill Avenue, Bronx on Sunday, January 3, 2016 at 11:30am. Interment: Mt. Hebron Cemetery. Donations in her name may be made to: www.bronxhouse.org or to: www.ujafedny.org. 1/3 

KLUGER--Arthur, 81, on December 30, 2015. Beloved husband of Susan, devoted father of David, Dan and Hannah. Adored grandfather of Sarah, Jackson, Ella and Georgia. Funeral service private; celebration of his life to be announced. 1/3 KLUGER--Arthur, 81, on December 30, 2015. Beloved husband of Susan, devoted father of David, Dan and Hannah. Adored grandfather of Sarah, Jackson, Ella and Georgia. Funeral service private; celebration of his life to be announced. 1/3 

COSGROVE--Margaret L. Margaret L. Cosgrove, known to her Manhattan neighbors for her extraordinary acts of kindness, generous philanthropy, tree planting and animal rescues, passed away peacefully in her New York home on December 15, 2015. She was 91. Full obituary at: www.jasinfuneralhome.com 1/3 COSGROVE--Margaret L. Margaret L. Cosgrove, known to her Manhattan neighbors for her extraordinary acts of kindness, generous philanthropy, tree planting and animal rescues, passed away peacefully in her New York home on December 15, 2015. She was 91. Full obituary at: www.jasinfuneralhome.com 1/3 

HSU--Ta Chun. The faculty and staff of the Edward Harkness Eye Institute are greatly saddened by the loss of T. C. Hsu, a wonderful friend and member of the Board of Advisors. As past president of The Starr Foundation for more than three decades, T. C. helped to advance the mission of many organizations in the arts and sciences throughout the world. His support of the Starr Retina Research Unit and the Starr Research Scholars enabled pioneering discoveries in eye diseases at Columbia. His warmth, gentlemanly character, and optimism throughout his life will be greatly missed. G. A. Cioffi, M.D., Chairman Stanley Chang, M.D., Chairman Emeritus Sir Howard Stringer, Chairman, Board of Advisors Department of Ophthalmology Columbia University Medical Center 1/3 HSU--Ta Chun. The faculty and staff of the Edward Harkness Eye Institute are greatly saddened by the loss of T. C. Hsu, a wonderful friend and member of the Board of Advisors. As past president of The Starr Foundation for more than three decades, T. C. helped to advance the mission of many organizations in the arts and sciences throughout the world. His support of the Starr Retina Research Unit and the Starr Research Scholars enabled pioneering discoveries in eye diseases at Columbia. His warmth, gentlemanly character, and optimism throughout his life will be greatly missed. G. A. Cioffi, M.D., Chairman Stanley Chang, M.D., Chairman Emeritus Sir Howard Stringer, Chairman, Board of Advisors Department of Ophthalmology Columbia University Medical Center 1/3 

KELLY--Ellsworth. The American Academy of Arts and Letters notes with sorrow the death of our beloved colleague, an artist who did indeed achieve his goal to "get at the rapture of seeing" and whose works will indeed fulfill his wish that they exist "forever in the present." 1/3 KELLY--Ellsworth. The American Academy of Arts and Letters notes with sorrow the death of our beloved colleague, an artist who did indeed achieve his goal to "get at the rapture of seeing" and whose works will indeed fulfill his wish that they exist "forever in the present." 1/3 

DIAMANT--Joan Champion, died December 18 in Lenox, MA. Born in New York; studied at The Walden School and The Art Students League; worked at Pierre Matisse Gallery. Moved with second husband Lincoln Diamant to Ossining, NY, where she mastered bookbinding, then returned to painting. Ageless at 91, she was, like one of her Hudson Valley or Berkshire landscapes, the cynosure of any room. Survived by her son, Anthony Bruck, of Chicago; stepson, Rolf Diamant, and daughter-in-law Nora Mitchell, of Woodstock, VT. 1/3 DIAMANT--Joan Champion, died December 18 in Lenox, MA. Born in New York; studied at The Walden School and The Art Students League; worked at Pierre Matisse Gallery. Moved with second husband Lincoln Diamant to Ossining, NY, where she mastered bookbinding, then returned to painting. Ageless at 91, she was, like one of her Hudson Valley or Berkshire landscapes, the cynosure of any room. Survived by her son, Anthony Bruck, of Chicago; stepson, Rolf Diamant, and daughter-in-law Nora Mitchell, of Woodstock, VT. 1/3 

MALINA--Ruth, 97, died peacefully on December 25 in New York City. The beloved wife of Arthur for 59 years, she is survived by her brother Murray Levitan; her daughter Jane Levinson and her husband Vic; her son Richard Malina and his wife Wendy; her grandchildren Nick, Lynn, Maggie, Tom (and their spouses Julie, Roderick, David, Liz), Cathy, and Emily; her great-grandchildren Nate, Zack, Owen, Emma, Ben, Asher, and Estelle. She was cared for with great devotion by Mary, Marcel, and Bega in her later years. She was one of a kind, and we will all miss her dearly. 1/3 MALINA--Ruth, 97, died peacefully on December 25 in New York City. The beloved wife of Arthur for 59 years, she is survived by her brother Murray Levitan; her daughter Jane Levinson and her husband Vic; her son Richard Malina and his wife Wendy; her grandchildren Nick, Lynn, Maggie, Tom (and their spouses Julie, Roderick, David, Liz), Cathy, and Emily; her great-grandchildren Nate, Zack, Owen, Emma, Ben, Asher, and Estelle. She was cared for with great devotion by Mary, Marcel, and Bega in her later years. She was one of a kind, and we will all miss her dearly. 1/3 

GOLDBERG--Marianne L.,died peacefully at her home in Chilmark, MA on December 21 after a sudden and brief illness. She was surrounded by friends. A funeral service will be held on Tuesday, December 29 at 2pm at the Martha's Vineyard Hebrew Center in Vineyard Haven. Burial will follow at the Abel's Hill Cemetery in Chilmark. A celebration of her life will be held at a later date. Donations may be made in her memory to the Pathways Projects Institutes Limited, P.O. Box 437, Chilmark, MA 02535. Services are under the care of the Chapman, Cole and Gleason Funeral Home in Oak Bluffs. For online guest book and information visit: www.ccgfuneralhome.com 1/3 GOLDBERG--Marianne L.,died peacefully at her home in Chilmark, MA on December 21 after a sudden and brief illness. She was surrounded by friends. A funeral service will be held on Tuesday, December 29 at 2pm at the Martha's Vineyard Hebrew Center in Vineyard Haven. Burial will follow at the Abel's Hill Cemetery in Chilmark. A celebration of her life will be held at a later date. Donations may be made in her memory to the Pathways Projects Institutes Limited, P.O. Box 437, Chilmark, MA 02535. Services are under the care of the Chapman, Cole and Gleason Funeral Home in Oak Bluffs. For online guest book and information visit: www.ccgfuneralhome.com 1/3 

SCHRADE--Robert. Sevenars Concerts honors the life of Robert Schrade, beloved co-founder with wife Rolande. Incomparable pianist, teacher, father and grandfather, he inspired all. Donations in his honor may be made to: Sevenars Concerts, c/o R. C. Schrade, 80 E. End Ave, 3G, New York, NY 10028. Service: St. James Church, 865 Madison Ave., NYC, January 11, 11am. 1/3 SCHRADE--Robert. Sevenars Concerts honors the life of Robert Schrade, beloved co-founder with wife Rolande. Incomparable pianist, teacher, father and grandfather, he inspired all. Donations in his honor may be made to: Sevenars Concerts, c/o R. C. Schrade, 80 E. End Ave, 3G, New York, NY 10028. Service: St. James Church, 865 Madison Ave., NYC, January 11, 11am. 1/3 

RATNER--Laura. Our hearts are saddened by the death of Laura, mother of our very dear friends Felice (Jay) and Dennis (Andrea). She lived a long life and is now at peace. We will miss her. Cheryl and Bill 1/3 RATNER--Laura. Our hearts are saddened by the death of Laura, mother of our very dear friends Felice (Jay) and Dennis (Andrea). She lived a long life and is now at peace. We will miss her. Cheryl and Bill 1/3 

HARRISON--Maria T. (nee Preite) of Short Hills died on Thursday, December 31st, surrounded by her family. She was 56. Maria was born in Brooklyn, NY, and has lived in Short Hills for the past 25 years. She graduated from St. John's with a B.A., which led her to pursue a masters in education at Caldwell College. Maria was a firm believer in the potential of others and dedicated her life to helping them achieve it. Former New York City Mayor Ed Koch appointed her to serve on the New York City Commission on the Status of Women, where she advocated for gender equality through dialogue and policy proposals. She later spent a decade as an elementary school teacher for Ecole Toussaint Louverture, a public elementary school in East Orange, New Jersey. Maria was the beloved wife of Edmond Harrison, devoted mother of Meghan and E.J. Harrison, loving daughter of Joseph Preite and the late Gloria Mercorella Preite, and dear sister of Ralph Preite. Relatives and friends are invited to attend the funeral Mass at St. Rose Of Lima Church, 50 Short Hills Avenue, Short Hills, NJ, on Tuesday, January 5th, at 10:00am. Visitation will take place at St. Rose of Lima Church on Sunday and Monday from 4:00-8:00pm, with Interment also at St. Rose of Lima. Services provided by The Jacob A. Holle Funeral Home, Maplewood. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to Look Good Feel Better (http://lookgood feelbetter.org/donate). 1/3 HARRISON--Maria T. (nee Preite) of Short Hills died on Thursday, December 31st, surrounded by her family. She was 56. Maria was born in Brooklyn, NY, and has lived in Short Hills for the past 25 years. She graduated from St. John's with a B.A., which led her to pursue a masters in education at Caldwell College. Maria was a firm believer in the potential of others and dedicated her life to helping them achieve it. Former New York City Mayor Ed Koch appointed her to serve on the New York City Commission on the Status of Women, where she advocated for gender equality through dialogue and policy proposals. She later spent a decade as an elementary school teacher for Ecole Toussaint Louverture, a public elementary school in East Orange, New Jersey. Maria was the beloved wife of Edmond Harrison, devoted mother of Meghan and E.J. Harrison, loving daughter of Joseph Preite and the late Gloria Mercorella Preite, and dear sister of Ralph Preite. Relatives and friends are invited to attend the funeral Mass at St. Rose Of Lima Church, 50 Short Hills Avenue, Short Hills, NJ, on Tuesday, January 5th, at 10:00am. Visitation will take place at St. Rose of Lima Church on Sunday and Monday from 4:00-8:00pm, with Interment also at St. Rose of Lima. Services provided by The Jacob A. Holle Funeral Home, Maplewood. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to Look Good Feel Better (http://lookgood feelbetter.org/donate). 1/3 

Goaltender Roberto Luongo made 40 saves for Florida, which ended a seven-game losing streak against the Rangers. Goaltender Roberto Luongo made 40 saves for Florida, which ended a seven-game losing streak against the Rangers. Carolina Panthers defeat New York Rangers, 3-0.

The author George R.R. Martin said he had missed a Dec. 31 deadline to finish the novel the next HBO season is based on, so it will be broadcast before the book is actually published. The author George R.R. Martin said he had missed a Dec. 31 deadline to finish the novel the next HBO season is based on, so it will be broadcast before the book is actually published. Author George R R Martin warns fans he has not yet finished novel The Winds of Winter and sixth season of HBO series Game of Thrones will likely air before book’s release and contain plot spoilers for readers.

The Hawkeyes, coming off a win over No. 1 Michigan State, rallied from a 17-point halftime deficit to hand the Boilermakers their first home loss of the season. The Hawkeyes, coming off a win over No. 1 Michigan State, rallied from a 17-point halftime deficit to hand the Boilermakers their first home loss of the season. College Basketball Roundup; Iowa defeats Purdue, 70-63, in men's college basketball; other men's and women's scores noted.

John Moore scored a power-play goal in the extra period to beat Dallas, which leads the league in points. John Moore scored a power-play goal in the extra period to beat Dallas, which leads the league in points. NHL Roundup; New Jersey Devils defeat Dallas Stars, 3-2, in overtime; other hockey scores noted.

Lopez scored 30 points and had 13 rebounds as the Nets defeated the Boston Celtics. Lopez scored 30 points and had 13 rebounds as the Nets defeated the Boston Celtics. NBA Roundup; Brooklyn Nets defeat Boston Celtics, 100-97; other basketball scores noted.

The Horned Frogs&#8217; comeback in the game, which extended into three overtimes, tied them for the largest ever in a bowl game. The Horned Frogs&#8217; comeback in the game, which extended into three overtimes, tied them for the largest ever in a bowl game. College Football Roundup; Texas Christian defeats Oregon, 47-41, in Alamo Bowl; other bowl games noted.

Archaeologists have made a discovery they hope could help unravel one of the most tenacious mysteries of ancient Peru: how to read the knotted string records, known as khipus, kept by the Incas. Archaeologists have made a discovery they hope could help unravel one of the most tenacious mysteries of ancient Peru: how to read the knotted string records, known as khipus, kept by the Incas. Archaeologists in Peru find cache of Incan accounting devices known as khipus in food storage house where they were used; discovery promises to help decipher system used by ancient civilization to record data of various types.

The supplement is seen as a natural painkiller in the United States, where only a few states ban its sale, but experts say it can lead back to heroin. The supplement is seen as a natural painkiller in the United States, where only a few states ban its sale, but experts say it can lead back to heroin. Concerns grow nationally over popularity of beverages infused with addictive herbal dietary supplement kratom, particularly among people recovering from drug and alcohol issues; Drug Enforcement Administration has deemed kratom a 'drug of concern,' and it has been banned in Tennessee, Vermont and Wyoming. 

The Nevada Supreme Court has ordered a new trial for a man convicted of murdering a Hells Angels leader in a 2011 shootout between rival motorcycle clubs at a Reno-area casino. The Nevada Supreme Court has ordered a new trial for a man convicted of murdering a Hells Angels leader in a 2011 shootout between rival motorcycle clubs at a Reno-area casino. Nevada Supreme Court orders new trial for Ernesto Gonzalez,  former president of the Nicaragua chapter of the Vagos Motorcycle Club, who was convicted of murdering San Jose Hells Angels leader Jeffrey Pettigrew in 2011 shootout in Nevada.  

The ranchers planned to surrender at a California prison to serve additional time for setting fires in 2001 and 2006, but the occupiers described the case as a tyrannical use of federal authority. The ranchers planned to surrender at a California prison to serve additional time for setting fires in 2001 and 2006, but the occupiers described the case as a tyrannical use of federal authority. Armed activists and militiamen seize building in Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in support of 73-year-old Dwight Hammond and his son, Steven Hammond, who are each facing prison terms for arson.

The pilot, Doug Demarest, flew a plane on Tuesday that clipped one building in Anchorage before hitting another. The pilot, Doug Demarest, flew a plane on Tuesday that clipped one building in Anchorage before hitting another. Pilot Doug Demarest fatally crashes plane into unoccupied commercial building in Anchorage, Alaska; had not received authorization to fly plane, which belonged to his employer;   spokeswoman for the family reveals death was suicide;. 

In addition to travel to support Democratic candidates for the 2016 elections, President Obama’s calendar already includes two trips to Asia, two to Europe and at least one to Latin America. In addition to travel to support Democratic candidates for the 2016 elections, President Obama’s calendar already includes two trips to Asia, two to Europe and at least one to Latin America. Pres Obama plans final trips, both domestic and internationally, aboard Air Force One as his final term in office begins. 

The Chinese government has introduced unprecedented measures aimed at shaping the behavior and beliefs of China&#8217;s 10 million Uighurs. The Chinese government has introduced unprecedented measures aimed at shaping the behavior and beliefs of China&#8217;s 10 million Uighurs. China's Xinjiang region simmers with resentment over government's response to local insurgency; crackdown on extremism has forced area's Muslim Uighur minority to endure extensive restrictions on practice of Islam; residents say security measures have severely strained region's socio-economic fabric.

China has been making significant reforms to its legal system, but many people see the past year as a period of retreat, rather than advance, in China&#8217;s effort to establish the rule of law. China has been making significant reforms to its legal system, but many people see the past year as a period of retreat, rather than advance, in China&#8217;s effort to establish the rule of law. Movement led by Chinese judges to give country's courts greater independence from government finds incremental success; proponents say handful of recent convictions of prominent dissidents are exceptions to overall progress towards truly independent judiciary; series of reforms at provincial level expected to have most impact.

Many college athletes spend their spare time with video games, playing everything from Halo to the always popular Madden NFL. Many college athletes spend their spare time with video games, playing everything from Halo to the always popular Madden NFL. 

Readers sound off on the latest headlines in Sports. Readers sound off on the latest headlines in Sports. 

The granddaughter of Estée Lauder is often awake early with her family’s pets and likes to check in on people buying her cosmetics line at the beauty counter. The granddaughter of Estée Lauder is often awake early with her family’s pets and likes to check in on people buying her cosmetics line at the beauty counter. Estee Lauder heir Aerin Lauder, Upper East Side resident and founder of Aerin luxury line, describes her typical Sunday routine.

For decades, the photographer has captured those brief moments before passing taxis or dogs sully the purifying transformation brought by the snow. For decades, the photographer has captured those brief moments before passing taxis or dogs sully the purifying transformation brought by the snow. Photographer Jan Staller says he braves blizzards in order to capture New York City landscapes covered in fresh snow.

The photographer Jan Staller’s images capture those brief moments when the snow still lies unsullied on New York city streets and park meadows. The photographer Jan Staller’s images capture those brief moments when the snow still lies unsullied on New York city streets and park meadows. 

A museum at Fordham University offers antiquities to peruse for free, best followed with a meal on Arthur Avenue, the Bronx’s Little Italy. A museum at Fordham University offers antiquities to peruse for free, best followed with a meal on Arthur Avenue, the Bronx’s Little Italy. Two Good Reasons column profiles Fordham Museum of Greek, Etruscan and Roman Art, and restaurant Estrellita Poblano III, both in Belmont section of the Bronx. 

A group of entrepreneurs shared a meal, talked a little business and then mapped out a set of songs to sing. A group of entrepreneurs shared a meal, talked a little business and then mapped out a set of songs to sing. Scene at Insa, Gowanus restaurant offering Korean barbecue and karaoke entertainment, described as Brooklynites dine. 

A music professor has sought to address a history of segregation in shape-note singing, as social justice protests have roiled universities. A music professor has sought to address a history of segregation in shape-note singing, as social justice protests have roiled universities. Prof Ian Quinn at Yale University has reconstructed course on shape-note singing, mid-19th century tradition in which vocalists follow symbols corresponding to specific pitches, into forum on racial diversity; explains he wants to take advantage of genre’s history of segregation to promote discussion on inflexible and divisive social attitudes responsible for racial unrest at Yale and other campuses.

Manchester United rediscovered what winning felt like, while Arsenal edged Newcastle, 1-0, to move two points ahead atop the English Premier League on Saturday. Manchester United rediscovered what winning felt like, while Arsenal edged Newcastle, 1-0, to move two points ahead atop the English Premier League on Saturday. 

Charlene Wise’s autistic son was too terrified to go trick-or-treating in 2014. But Delquon, 6, who has also been diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity and obsessive compulsive disorders, took to the streets with glee this past Halloween, another sign of his newfound grasp of the world. Charlene Wise’s autistic son was too terrified to go trick-or-treating in 2014. But Delquon, 6, who has also been diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity and obsessive compulsive disorders, took to the streets with glee this past Halloween, another sign of his newfound grasp of the world. Kennedy Child Study Center, an affiliate of Catholic Charities Archdiocese of New York, one of the agencies supported by the Neediest Cases fund, provides Charlene Wise with services and $325 to buy winter clothes for her 6-year-old son Delquon Matthews, who suffers from autism.

Ron Wilson is the first former N.H.L. head coach to lead Team USA at the International Ice Hockey Federation’s world junior championship. Ron Wilson is the first former N.H.L. head coach to lead Team USA at the International Ice Hockey Federation’s world junior championship. Ron Wilson, former coach for Toronto Maple Leafs, is first former NHL head coach to lead United States men's hockey team in world junior championship.

Here’s what you need to know when the Jets play the Bills. Here’s what you need to know when the Jets play the Bills. Preview of upcoming game between New York Jets and Buffalo Bills.

Here’s what you need to know when the Eagles play the Giants. Here’s what you need to know when the Eagles play the Giants. Preview of upcoming game between New York Giants and Philadelphia Eagles.

At 59, Sal Cataldi has released a funk-tinged album, “Sketches of Spam,” that ranges in influence from Frank Zappa to Miles Davis. At 59, Sal Cataldi has released a funk-tinged album, “Sketches of Spam,” that ranges in influence from Frank Zappa to Miles Davis. Profile of public relations consultant and musician Sal Cataldi, who lives on double-decker barge in Port Washington marina, and, when not at his day job, plays original and distinctive music, often at local clubs featuring belly dancers (Metropolitan/Long Island). 

More than 150 bands are expected to perform at the annual music festival that starts on Jan. 10. The highly celebrated charity event has raised more than $3 million for research on Parkinson’s disease. More than 150 bands are expected to perform at the annual music festival that starts on Jan. 10. The highly celebrated charity event has raised more than $3 million for research on Parkinson’s disease. Light of Day Winterfest, annual multi-day rock-and-roll fundraising concert, will commemorate its 16th anniversary in January with Sweet Little 16 celebration offering over 150 acts at 30 sites, with many events occurring in Asbury Park, New Jersey; founded by music scene fixtures Tony Pallagrosi and Bob Benjamin, festival has raised over $3 million for Parkinson's disease (Metropolitan/New Jersey).

After 12 seasons, Coughlin may coach his final game Sunday for the Giants, but his substantial legacy is assured. After 12 seasons, Coughlin may coach his final game Sunday for the Giants, but his substantial legacy is assured. New York Giants coach Tom Coughlin is preparing for what may be his final game as Giants head coach--job he has held since 2004.

It turns out that this supposedly green fuel has been quietly killing us. It turns out that this supposedly green fuel has been quietly killing us. Op-Ed article by author Taras Grescoe underscores role played by Volkswagen in helping diesel engines receive wider acceptance as so-called cleaner fuel; notes revelations that diesel engines, while inherently efficient, produce emissions severely detrimental to health, particularly in urban areas; calls on leaders across world to reduce number of diesel engines on streets.

The Defense Department cannot be allowed to continue dragging its feet on prisoner releases. The Defense Department cannot be allowed to continue dragging its feet on prisoner releases. Editorial criticizes Defense Dept for setting up bureaucratic obstacles to Pres Obama's goal of shutting down Guantanamo Bay Naval Base prison facility; urges Obama to push senior Pentagon officials to set clear deadlines with closure of facility in mind.

A different kind of terrorism reigned during the tense years of the Cold War. The proposed solution? Bomb shelters. A different kind of terrorism reigned during the tense years of the Cold War. The proposed solution? Bomb shelters. Francis X Clines Editorial Notebook reflects on how public dealt with threat of nuclear war during Cold War, in light of release of federal government's nuclear target list for 1959; observes that rather than face unthinkable, or prospect of surviving in fallout shelters, it was often preferable to resort to humor and satire.

Growing numbers haven’t led to real clout. Growing numbers haven’t led to real clout. Campaign Stops column by Prof Robert Suro observes that in 2016 presidential election year, Latinos are employing same political strategy they used in 2008 and 2012, namely supporting Democratic Party despite fact they have not achieved goal of path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants; warns failure of Latino voters to register to vote, and of those Latinos who are able to become citizens to actually become citizens, will negatively affect their political impact as group.

A psychiatrist and brain researcher on enjoying Latin American novels, the marvels of Bach and the oddity of not following anything A psychiatrist and brain researcher on enjoying Latin American novels, the marvels of Bach and the oddity of not following anything Download interview with Nora Volkow, director of National Institute on Drug Abuse, who offers recommendations for books and other forms of entertainment.

Across the country, children are experiencing depression, anxiety and even physical strain because of the pressures of school. Across the country, children are experiencing depression, anxiety and even physical strain because of the pressures of school. Op-Ed article by author and documentary filmmaker Vicki Abeles warns of nationwide epidemic of school-related stress, leading to higher rates of both depression and anxiety in students; identifies ways drive to make children succeed in school is making them sick.

I miss my mother-in-law. But can her perfume really be haunting me? I miss my mother-in-law. But can her perfume really be haunting me? Op-Ed article by novelist Julie Myerson describes how she often smells scent specific to her dead mother-in-law for several minutes at time, which then disappears; details her efforts to get to bottom of phenomenon; notes that it is likely due to grief, but more so to sense of irrevocable loss.

The essential message of “Downton Abbey” is that the rich will always be with us, however bankrupt or indebted or criminally incompetent they may be. The essential message of “Downton Abbey” is that the rich will always be with us, however bankrupt or indebted or criminally incompetent they may be. Op-Ed article by novelist Charles Lambert criticizes way even poorest English are made to feel stately homes of aristocracy are part of their heritage rather than symbols of class-based oppression; notes in particular that television series Downton Abbey appears to fully buy into this idea, even if it does wink at class disparity inherent in aristocratic system.

With more retirees relying on the program, candidates should be suggesting sensible fixes, not broad cutbacks. With more retirees relying on the program, candidates should be suggesting sensible fixes, not broad cutbacks. Editorial points to growing body of evidence suggesting Social Security should be expanded, which could reframe debate over program during election year; criticizes Republican slate of candidates for almost uniformly calling for cuts to benefits.

Is it wise to wager on a hyper-controlled candidate who’s all puzzles and paradoxes? Is it wise to wager on a hyper-controlled candidate who’s all puzzles and paradoxes? Frank Bruni Op-Ed column questions why so many view Sen Marco Rubio as front-runner in Republican presidential primary when he is doing terribly in polls for upcoming primaries and caucuses; suggests Rubio faces very real possibility of burning out before he catches fire.

Few of my students will really understand the language. So why do I go on? Few of my students will really understand the language. So why do I go on? Op-Ed article by Prof James Romm describes difficulties of teaching his college students ancient Greek language, particularly when few students go on to read it with any real comprehension; notes mission nevertheless has its moments of undiluted pleasure.

Innovation isn’t all hard work or dumb luck: It’s about paying attention. Innovation isn’t all hard work or dumb luck: It’s about paying attention. Op-Ed article by Pagan Kennedy explores possibility that researchers in many fields can cultivate serendipity, the art of discovering what is not sought, in light of her research on scientific breakthroughs that came about by happenstance and luck.

High school graduation rates are rising, but how prepared are the students for college and careers? High school graduation rates are rising, but how prepared are the students for college and careers? 

Ms. Lou, known for her intricate installations of colored glass beads, has blanketed the floor of the Neuberger Museum of Art in Purchase with her latest work. Ms. Lou, known for her intricate installations of colored glass beads, has blanketed the floor of the Neuberger Museum of Art in Purchase with her latest work. Exhibit Liza Lou: Color Field and Solid Grey showcases works fashioned from glass beads, including colorful, sparkling 1,100 square foot installation, at Neuberger Museum of Art in Purchase (Metropolitan/Westchester).

Carolina entered the season without a proven No. 1 wide receiver, but Ted Ginn Jr., Jerricho Cotchery and others have helped Cam Newton reach a career high in touchdown passes. Carolina entered the season without a proven No. 1 wide receiver, but Ted Ginn Jr., Jerricho Cotchery and others have helped Cam Newton reach a career high in touchdown passes. Carolina Panthers receivers have made surprisingly large contributions this season, helping quarterback Cam Newton reach career high in touchdown passes.

Beijing House in Syosset, N.Y., a popular newcomer, is part of a resurgence of exclusively Chinese, non-fusion restaurants on Long Island. Beijing House in Syosset, N.Y., a popular newcomer, is part of a resurgence of exclusively Chinese, non-fusion restaurants on Long Island. Joanne Starkey reviews restaurant Beijing House in Syosset (Metropolitan/Long Island).

Situated in a former Bank of America branch on East Ridgewood Avenue, the seafood restaurant has 30-foot ceilings, huge chandeliers and extends into what was the vault. Situated in a former Bank of America branch on East Ridgewood Avenue, the seafood restaurant has 30-foot ceilings, huge chandeliers and extends into what was the vault. Shivani Vora reviews restaurant Fish Urban Dining in Ridgewood (Metropolitan/New Jersey).

The group of hackers said the attack, which shut down the broadcaster&#8217;s digital services for a few hours on Thursday, was intended as a test of its own abilities. The group of hackers said the attack, which shut down the broadcaster&#8217;s digital services for a few hours on Thursday, was intended as a test of its own abilities. 

The billionaire casino magnate's recent purchase of The Las Vegas Review-Journal has prompted concerns that he could use the newspaper to influence a lawsuit against his business empire. The billionaire casino magnate's recent purchase of The Las Vegas Review-Journal has prompted concerns that he could use the newspaper to influence a lawsuit against his business empire. Billionaire Sheldon Adelson's purchase of newspaper Las Vegas Review-Journal for lavish sum of $140 million has raised suspicions of power play aimed at furthering Adelson's personal interests; some fear Adelson will leverage his ownership of paper to sway outcome of lawsuit against his gambling empire.

Officials from the Australian Baseball League said that they hope local interest in the sport will grow with the support of Major League Baseball, which has a 75 percent ownership stake. Officials from the Australian Baseball League said that they hope local interest in the sport will grow with the support of Major League Baseball, which has a 75 percent ownership stake. Baseball is minority sport in Australia, but Major League Baseball--which took 75 percent ownership stake in Australian Baseball League in 2010--is trying to change that; plans for game-of-the-week to be shown on television are in works and $1.5 billion stadium is rising in Perth.

The Mexican restaurant, located in Southington, Conn., offers a baker’s dozen of margaritas concocted from more than 80 tequilas and mezcals. The Mexican restaurant, located in Southington, Conn., offers a baker’s dozen of margaritas concocted from more than 80 tequilas and mezcals. Christopher Brooks reviews restaurant Casa Margarita in Southington (Metropolitan/Connecticut).  

Along with all the perils refugees face, women have added accounts of being assaulted, traumas that do not end with their arrival in Europe. Along with all the perils refugees face, women have added accounts of being assaulted, traumas that do not end with their arrival in Europe. Dangers faced by migrants bound for Europe are significantly amplified for women, who face threats of violence, sexual assault, sexual trafficking and domestic abuse; journey often results in post-traumatic stress disorder for female migrants and need for counseling when they reach destination; abuses pose challenge for European countries, where shelters lack necessary protections for women.

The Knicks have always been one of the league&#8217;s slowest teams, and that is not changing despite the run-and-gun style of the Golden State Warriors and other teams. The Knicks have always been one of the league&#8217;s slowest teams, and that is not changing despite the run-and-gun style of the Golden State Warriors and other teams. Keeping Score column notes that New York Knicks continue to play their slow-paced game, despite run-and-gun style of Golden State Warriors and other fast-breaking NBA teams.

This restaurant in Peekskill puts a primacy on its tequila-rich drinks menu. But the full-service restaurant is hardly a dive, and much more than a bar. This restaurant in Peekskill puts a primacy on its tequila-rich drinks menu. But the full-service restaurant is hardly a dive, and much more than a bar. Emily DeNitto reviews restaurant Taco Dive Bar in Peekskill (Metropolitan/Westchester).

Trading a higher paying but mind-numbing position for one in which the greatest rewards were not financial. Trading a higher paying but mind-numbing position for one in which the greatest rewards were not financial. Leigh Ann Henion On Work column describes her experience trading gainful but uninspiring job as receptionist for retail work, which paid only half but nourished her soul.

Officiating gaffes and player meltdowns were offset by great games, talented players, surprising teams and talent in the broadcasting booth. Officiating gaffes and player meltdowns were offset by great games, talented players, surprising teams and talent in the broadcasting booth. 

New research finds that off-site work can disrupt teamwork, alienate people who remain in the office and perpetuate increased telecommuting. New research finds that off-site work can disrupt teamwork, alienate people who remain in the office and perpetuate increased telecommuting. Applied Science column examines research reported in The Academy of Management Discoveries finding that employees who choose to continue working in office after many staff leave to work at home end up feeling lonely and disconnected; says teamwork can be disrupted as result.

Steve Gleason learned he had A.L.S. after retiring from football; he has since formed a group that uses technology to help those with the disease. Steve Gleason learned he had A.L.S. after retiring from football; he has since formed a group that uses technology to help those with the disease. Claire Martin Prototype column observes that former New Orleans Saints player Steve Gleason, who has ALS, has formed group to help people handle motor-neuron disease; notes Gleason is paralyzed, and uses technology-laden chair for transportation.

A regulatory change that would allow companies more discretion in deciding what is “material” information arouses concern among investors and auditors. A regulatory change that would allow companies more discretion in deciding what is “material” information arouses concern among investors and auditors. Gretchen Morgenson Fair Game column observes Financial Accounting Standards Board has upset investor groups and audit experts with proposal that would change definition of materiality, financial disclosure that dictates what firm must tell investors about results.

A generation of Indian energy entrepreneurs is out to prove that a fast, clean and economical route to universal electrification is through solar home systems, financed with small bank loans. A generation of Indian energy entrepreneurs is out to prove that a fast, clean and economical route to universal electrification is through solar home systems, financed with small bank loans. Solar power accounts for only 1 percent of India's electricity production, but home solar systems, bought through microfinancing, have made inroads among rural and urban poor; 300 million of country's residents are off the grid, but sellers of solar home systems insist that solar can provide cleaner, better route to universal electrification. 

A generation of Indian energy entrepreneurs is out to prove that a fast, clean and economical route to universal electrification is through solar home systems, financed with small bank loans. A generation of Indian energy entrepreneurs is out to prove that a fast, clean and economical route to universal electrification is through solar home systems, financed with small bank loans. 

The system for the popular app-based, ride-hailing business needs work, starting with its cancellation policy and its accuracy of pickup estimates. The system for the popular app-based, ride-hailing business needs work, starting with its cancellation policy and its accuracy of pickup estimates. David Segal The Haggler column discusses some pet peeves about Uber ride-hailing service.

Mr. Trump, whose appeal is predicated on an aura of toughness and perpetual success, seldom speaks of his brother Freddy, who died as an alcoholic in 1981 at age 43. Mr. Trump, whose appeal is predicated on an aura of toughness and perpetual success, seldom speaks of his brother Freddy, who died as an alcoholic in 1981 at age 43. Donald J Trump says watching his older brother Freddy sink into alcoholism and eventually die at age 43 taught him heavy toll of bad choices; admission offers rare moment of vulnerability for personality-driven presidential candidate; death of Freddy, airline pilot who did not apply himself to family real estate business, also serves as example of dangers of failing to conform to standards of aggressively driven clan.

At least four attackers were killed as Indian authorities defended the base in Punjab State. Several Indian security force members were also reported dead. At least four attackers were killed as Indian authorities defended the base in Punjab State. Several Indian security force members were also reported dead. Indian security forces kill four gunmen who attacked Air Force base in Punjab region near border with Pakistan; assault follows visit by Prime Min Narendra Modi to Pakistan, whose government has often been accused of assisting insurgents in disputed neighboring Jammu and Kashmir region.

A blog by the Microsoft co-founder has become an influential force in the publishing world. A blog by the Microsoft co-founder has become an influential force in the publishing world. Bill Gates' blog Gates Notes has become influential force in publishing world, as his recommendations help publicize and sell books.

The love-hate relationship many women have with their “sculpting” undergarments is particularly fraught this time of year. The love-hate relationship many women have with their “sculpting” undergarments is particularly fraught this time of year. Plenty of women have a love-hate relationship with body shapers, including popular Spanx; on one hand, these undergarments smooth rolls, bumps and dimples, but on other hand they are uncomfortable and ugly.

The execution of Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, an outspoken campaigner for Shiite rights, is likely to exacerbate sectarian tensions across the Middle East. The execution of Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, an outspoken campaigner for Shiite rights, is likely to exacerbate sectarian tensions across the Middle East. Saudi Arabia executes Shiite cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, outspoken critic of Sunni-dominated nation's treatment of Shiites, drawing regional condemnation and sending Iranian protesters to ransack Saudi Embassy in Tehran; Nimr is executed on terrorism charges along with 47 other prisoners, move seen as warning to domestic dissidents; many fear execution will exacerbate sectarian tensions across Middle East and further embolden Islamic State.

How I underestimated Donald Trump’s potential in the Republican Party. How I underestimated Donald Trump’s potential in the Republican Party. Ross Douthat Op-Ed column confesses to underestimating appeal Donald Trump would have in Republican presidential primary; apologizes, as trusted columnist, for failing to see Trump's dangerous potential, but confidently predicts Trump will not be Republican nominee.

A weekly comic strip featured in the Sunday Review. A weekly comic strip featured in the Sunday Review. 

A magician named Belinda Sinclair offers visitors performances that weave in lessons on the women who held séances in the area a century ago. A magician named Belinda Sinclair offers visitors performances that weave in lessons on the women who held séances in the area a century ago. Magician Belinda Sinclair's performances of A Magicienne Among the Spirits are actually seminars on history of mediums, clairvoyants and psychic healers that were extremely popular across New York City from mid-1800s through early 1900s; show is performed for small private audiences at clandestine location off Times Square, using elements of typical seance, including spirit responses made by rigged room. 

City law requires any of the animals that are captured to be euthanized in a humane fashion, but many exterminators and homeowners aren’t doing it. City law requires any of the animals that are captured to be euthanized in a humane fashion, but many exterminators and homeowners aren’t doing it. Brooklyn residents struggle with raccoon overpopulation that has resulted in extensive property damage, pet attacks and health risks; regulations make homeowners responsible for removal of animals, with laws requiring licensed trappers to humanely euthanize all captured raccoons to minimize rabies risk; experts say issue is exacerbated by fact that lack of oversight is letting trappers illegally release raccoons into city parks and wildlife refuges. 

After Jon Dorenbos’s father murdered his mother when he was 12, he got his life back on track through football and the help of an aunt, but mostly through magic. After Jon Dorenbos’s father murdered his mother when he was 12, he got his life back on track through football and the help of an aunt, but mostly through magic. 

One app’s effort to understand its teenage audience illuminates the habits of a generation that is constantly connected and often anxious. One app’s effort to understand its teenage audience illuminates the habits of a generation that is constantly connected and often anxious. Seventy-five percent of American teenagers have access to mobile phone, with most saying they go online daily; companies will spend $30 billion on in-app advertising in 2016, double amount from 2014; teens juggle social apps constantly, leaving room for upstarts like Wishbone, which has three million monthly users.

A grand park-facing apartment at the exclusive co-op building at 834 Fifth Avenue is the sale of the week. A grand park-facing apartment at the exclusive co-op building at 834 Fifth Avenue is the sale of the week. Big Ticket column; 11-room apartment in Rosario Candela-designed building at 834 5th Avenue across from Central Park Zoo is New York City's highest residential sale of week, closing at $30,500,00.

This week’s homes include a seven-bedroom Victorian in Lloyd Harbor, N.Y., and a four-bedroom colonial in Fairfield, Conn. This week’s homes include a seven-bedroom Victorian in Lloyd Harbor, N.Y., and a four-bedroom colonial in Fairfield, Conn. 

This week’s homes include a seven-bedroom Victorian in Lloyd Harbor, N.Y., and a four-bedroom colonial in Fairfield, Conn. This week’s homes include a seven-bedroom Victorian in Lloyd Harbor, N.Y., and a four-bedroom colonial in Fairfield, Conn. 

This weeks properties are in the East Village, Chelsea and Boerum Hill, Brooklyn. This weeks properties are in the East Village, Chelsea and Boerum Hill, Brooklyn. 

This weeks properties are in Greenwich Village, Chelsea and Boerum Hill, Brooklyn. This weeks properties are in Greenwich Village, Chelsea and Boerum Hill, Brooklyn. 

The actor and writer-director of “Anesthesia,” a new film, lives with his wife, Lisa Benavides-Nelson, and sons. The actor and writer-director of “Anesthesia,” a new film, lives with his wife, Lisa Benavides-Nelson, and sons. Actor, writer and director Tim Blake Nelson loves sprawling Upper West Side penthouse he and his wife created from five small apartments on top floor of prewar building; space is where he writes every day, enjoys his collections, and where nightly dinner with his wife and children is mandatory family time.

Home for the actor is the Upper West Side. Lately, he’s been walking to work: His film, “Anesthesia” was shot in the neighborhood. Home for the actor is the Upper West Side. Lately, he’s been walking to work: His film, “Anesthesia” was shot in the neighborhood. 

Smart locks and their associated apps allow owners, tenants and landlords to remotely allow access to homes and to track who comes and goes. Smart locks and their associated apps allow owners, tenants and landlords to remotely allow access to homes and to track who comes and goes. Real estate firms managing a small, but growing, number of apartment buildings in New York City are adopting app-based keyless entry systems.

On the heels of Soul Cycle comes Orangetheory, with no mysticism but with monitors that broadcast your performance to the whole class. On the heels of Soul Cycle comes Orangetheory, with no mysticism but with monitors that broadcast your performance to the whole class. Ginia Bellafante Big City column asserts fitness workout Orangetheory, which has opened franchise in Chelsea, with other locations soon coming to Brooklyn, appeals to status-seeking, competitive individuals.

Ms. DePalma, a chef who prized flavor above eye appeal, helped make Babbo one of Manhattan’s most beloved and admired restaurants. Ms. DePalma, a chef who prized flavor above eye appeal, helped make Babbo one of Manhattan’s most beloved and admired restaurants. Gina DePalma, pastry chef and cookbook author known for minimalist Italian deserts at Greenwich Village restaurant Babbo, dies at age 49.

Now, at 87, this artist has seen interest increase in his works, which find the evanescent in the everyday. Now, at 87, this artist has seen interest increase in his works, which find the evanescent in the everyday. Robert Irwin, 87-year-old artist whose ephemeral outdoor artworks have received increased interest, is preparing for permanent installation on grounds of Chinati Foundation in Marfa, Tex; work will feature C-shaped building designed with no artificial light to highlight the sky. 

Blockbusters like “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” and “Mad Max: Fury Road” delivered much of the year’s best cinema and ought to be up for Oscars. Wait, what? Blockbusters like “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” and “Mad Max: Fury Road” delivered much of the year’s best cinema and ought to be up for Oscars. Wait, what? Manohla Dargis and A O Scott discuss field of potential Oscar nominees; reflect that blockbusters represented many of 2015's best movies.

Studies show that political preferences shape how people perceive reality. But a small sum can help correct those biases. Studies show that political preferences shape how people perceive reality. But a small sum can help correct those biases. The Upshot; Neil Irwin Economic View column notes broad array of academic research finding that whether one belongs to president's political party can affect their sense of objective truth; holds people have political preferences that remain in place regardless of how economy is performing. 

Selected by Natasha Trethewey. Selected by Natasha Trethewey. 

Readers react. Readers react. 

Ignore mundane calls. Notice the circadian rhythms of crime where you live. Ignore mundane calls. Notice the circadian rhythms of crime where you live. Malia Wollan Tip column shares enthusiast Tom Coleman's advice on how to listen to police and fire department radio communications. 

Recalling the wait for a favorite dish and a life away from the war. Recalling the wait for a favorite dish and a life away from the war. Nana Asfour Lives Essay describes retreating to seaside in Lebanon in 1984 to escape war and stay with her grandmother, and being fed lamb and rice dish tainted with fur; says she now avoids once favorite dish, since it reminds her of many things colored by experience of war.

Snail mail was one of the more confusing and enchanting aspects of life in my new country. Snail mail was one of the more confusing and enchanting aspects of life in my new country. Zeynep Tufekci Op-Ed article describes what marvel United States Postal Service is, particularly for someone from Turkey, where reliable mail service and dependable infrastructure is unheard of; underscores degree to which American success is dependent on publicly funded infrastructure like USPS.

Hundreds of works that the New York Public Library once considered too hot for the general reader to handle are now available to any adult with a library card. Hundreds of works that the New York Public Library once considered too hot for the general reader to handle are now available to any adult with a library card. New York Public Library unveils erotic materials collection as part of institute’s goal to thoroughly archive New York City life; collection, coded with three asterisks indicating that special permission is required for access, includes all types of erotica including massage parlor flyers, drawings of sexual acts, cards decorated with naked females, and gay and lesbian literature.

“Secrets of War,” a drama set in the Nazi-occupied Netherlands directed by Dennis Bots, will be shown this month at the Summit Free Public Library. “Secrets of War,” a drama set in the Nazi-occupied Netherlands directed by Dennis Bots, will be shown this month at the Summit Free Public Library. 

Cultural events on Long Island include an evening with champion storytellers Lesley Goshko and Michele Carlo and “Dreamgirls” perform in East Islip. Cultural events on Long Island include an evening with champion storytellers Lesley Goshko and Michele Carlo and “Dreamgirls” perform in East Islip. 

The comedian Kathleen Madigan will perform on Jan. 7 at 7:30 p.m. at the Bushnell Center for the Performing Arts. The comedian Kathleen Madigan will perform on Jan. 7 at 7:30 p.m. at the Bushnell Center for the Performing Arts. 

Start the New Year on the right foot with a hike to Shadow Lake, a guided bird tour in the Bronx, or with another recreational activity. Start the New Year on the right foot with a hike to Shadow Lake, a guided bird tour in the Bronx, or with another recreational activity. 

Heather Havrilesky talks about Amy Cuddy’s “Presence” and Shonda Rhimes’s “Year of Yes,” and Michael Ian Black discusses “Navel Gazing.” Heather Havrilesky talks about Amy Cuddy’s “Presence” and Shonda Rhimes’s “Year of Yes,” and Michael Ian Black discusses “Navel Gazing.” 

If the Jets win at Buffalo, they’re in the playoffs. If they lose, they will need the Steelers to lose to the 3-12 Browns. If the Jets win at Buffalo, they’re in the playoffs. If they lose, they will need the Steelers to lose to the 3-12 Browns. Preview of Week 17 matchups in the NFL.

A festive tradition continues. A festive tradition continues. 

Matt Hill, who produces the animated web series “Spurs Special Forces,” is a shining example of the way some comedy writers are having fun with the N.B.A. Matt Hill, who produces the animated web series “Spurs Special Forces,” is a shining example of the way some comedy writers are having fun with the N.B.A. Animated web series Spurs Special Forces, produced by Matt Hill, is favorite among basketball fans and comedy aficionados alike; show, which imagines San Antonio Spurs coach Gregg Popovich and his players as squad of commandos engaged in covert operations, has attracted more than half million YouTube views since its debut on Jan 15.

The richness of colors, particularly pastels and flower patterns on winter coats, often reflects the hidden treasures of gemstones and of vegetables sliced open, revealing an intense color inside. The richness of colors, particularly pastels and flower patterns on winter coats, often reflects the hidden treasures of gemstones and of vegetables sliced open, revealing an intense color inside. Bill Cunningham shares photos of women in and around New York City wearing winter coats in beautiful colors and patterns.

Haley Swindal and Jack Tantleff were enmeshed in theater life thousands of miles apart, but made time to grow close. Haley Swindal and Jack Tantleff were enmeshed in theater life thousands of miles apart, but made time to grow close. Vows column on wedding of Haley Swindal and Jack Tantleff.

Haley Swindal, an actress, and Jack Tantleff, a theatrical agent, were married Dec. 12 high above Manhattan in One World Trade Center. Haley Swindal, an actress, and Jack Tantleff, a theatrical agent, were married Dec. 12 high above Manhattan in One World Trade Center. 

Mr. Lacy, a philosophy professor who sowed his cultivated wit and wisdom for The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal, wrote or edited 10 books on gardening. Mr. Lacy, a philosophy professor who sowed his cultivated wit and wisdom for The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal, wrote or edited 10 books on gardening. Allen Lacy, philosophy professor who became celebrated gardening columnist for The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal, dies at age 80.

I want justice for my cousins. I don’t want to talk about race. I want justice for my cousins. I don’t want to talk about race. Op-Ed article by author Jeanine Cummins laments how racism has marred  American system of justice, as evidenced by handling of murder and rape of her two white cousins in St Louis in 1991 by both police and media; criticizes police who beat confession out of one of men convicted in connection with that crime, who is black, but holds that any knee-jerk media focus on race in case is skewed, irrelevant narrative further violating her cousins and their memory.

How to make yourself feel good by adopting an attitude of thankfulness. How to make yourself feel good by adopting an attitude of thankfulness. Op-Ed article by editor Barbara Ehrenreich suggests focus of self-improvement gurus extolling benefits of showing gratitude during holiday season are meant to make people feel better about themselves without actually doing anything.

In many parts of the country, replacing old, drafty windows is as simple as picking them out and scheduling a contractor. But that’s not the case in New York City. In many parts of the country, replacing old, drafty windows is as simple as picking them out and scheduling a contractor. But that’s not the case in New York City. Unique regulations make replacing windows in New York properties more complicated than elsewhere; tenants need to address five basic issues before beginning renovations; tips for homeowners undertaking window replacements in New York highlighted. 

Older first-time home buyers belong to an exclusive club, given that the median age of first-time buyers in 2015 was 31. Older first-time home buyers belong to an exclusive club, given that the median age of first-time buyers in 2015 was 31. First-time home buyers older than 50, rare in New York City, have a variety of motivations and unique needs that making giving up renting the right decision. 

New books include “Voracious: A Hungry Reader Cooks Her Way Through Great Books” and “Slice Harvester: A Memoir in Pizza.” New books include “Voracious: A Hungry Reader Cooks Her Way Through Great Books” and “Slice Harvester: A Memoir in Pizza.” Lisa Abend reviews food memoirs Cooking as Fast as I Can: A Chef's Story of Family, Food, and Forgiveness by Cat Cora with Karen Karbo, How to Cook a Moose: A Culinary Memoir by Kate Christensen, Voracious: A Hungry Reader Cooks Her Way Through Great Books by Cara Nicoletti and Slice Harvester: A Memoir in Pizza by Colin Atrophy Hagendorf. 

A married couple, former detectives, are targeted by a husband-and-wife team of assassins in Perry’s new thriller. A married couple, former detectives, are targeted by a husband-and-wife team of assassins in Perry’s new thriller. Marilyn Stasio reviews crime novels After the Crash by Michel Bussi, Forty Thieves by Thomas Perry, The Gun by Fuminori Nakamura and The Girls She Left Behind by Sarah Graves. 

A survey of research presses the case that infections, even in the womb, are linked to mental illnesses like schizophrenia. A survey of research presses the case that infections, even in the womb, are linked to mental illnesses like schizophrenia. Meghan O’Rourke reviews book Infectious Madness: The Surprising Science of How We 'Catch' Mental Illness by Harriet A Washington. 

An encyclopedic retelling of the nation’s history tracks the changing ways it has been interpreted by the English themselves. An encyclopedic retelling of the nation’s history tracks the changing ways it has been interpreted by the English themselves. Peter Hitchens reviews book The English and Their History by Robert Tombs. 

A biography of Abba Eban, who spoke eloquently for Israel at the United Nations and elsewhere. A biography of Abba Eban, who spoke eloquently for Israel at the United Nations and elsewhere. Ethan Bronner reviews book Abba Eban: A Biography by Asaf Siniver. 

Imagining a sex offender, and his mother, as he structures his world to both accommodate and suppress his urges. Imagining a sex offender, and his mother, as he structures his world to both accommodate and suppress his urges. Eimear McBride reviews book Martin John by Anakana Schofield. 

A mother’s quotidian rhythm is punctuated by longing for a bittersweet past. A mother’s quotidian rhythm is punctuated by longing for a bittersweet past. Sarah Gerard reviews debut novel Bird by Noy Holland. 

We are hard-wired to believe that nothing happens by accident. We are hard-wired to believe that nothing happens by accident. Adrian Chen reviews book Suspicious Minds: Why We Believe Conspiracy Theories by Rob Brotherton. 

This novel’s twin heroines are so close they share a lover. This novel’s twin heroines are so close they share a lover. Idra Novey reviews book One Out of Two by Daniel Sada. 

A fictional South African wrestles with his Boer lineage. A fictional South African wrestles with his Boer lineage. Lauren Christensen reviews book Up Against the Night by Justin Cartwright. 

Hamilton’s history examines a crucial period in the evolution of the art market. Hamilton’s history examines a crucial period in the evolution of the art market. William D Cohan reviews book A Strange Business: A Revolution in Art, Culture, and Commerce in 19th Century London by James Hamilton. 

Recently reviewed books of particular interest. Recently reviewed books of particular interest. 

Paperback books of particular interest. Paperback books of particular interest. 

The author, most recently, of “The Past” finds it “frightening to think about the books that form us. It’s not just Emma Bovary who makes her life decisions . . . based on something that she’s read.” The author, most recently, of “The Past” finds it “frightening to think about the books that form us. It’s not just Emma Bovary who makes her life decisions . . . based on something that she’s read.” By the Book interview with author Tessa Hadley, whose latest book is The Past. 

The actress, who has a Golden Globe nomination for her role in the film, is now consumed by the interviews and festivals of awards season. The actress, who has a Golden Globe nomination for her role in the film, is now consumed by the interviews and festivals of awards season. Actress Brie Larson, who portrayed woman imprisoned by sexual predator in movie Room, is in midst of monthslong press campaign during movie awards season; has already received Golden Globe nomination and could receive leading actress Oscar. 

The actor may joke that he was “Koreaned” into becoming a doctor, but he wants to avoid typical Asian-American story lines in his new show. The actor may joke that he was “Koreaned” into becoming a doctor, but he wants to avoid typical Asian-American story lines in his new show. Ana Marie Cox Talk interview with Ken Jeong, Korean-American actor, comedian and creator of television show Dr Ken, in which he discusses his influences and boom in Asian-American comedy and television.

Bubbes of the world may not agree on genuine Jewish dishes. Potato kugel, however, remains undisputed. Bubbes of the world may not agree on genuine Jewish dishes. Potato kugel, however, remains undisputed. Francis Lam Eat column shares recipe for potato kugel.

Enric Sala of National Geographic goes to some of the world’s most remote places, to study them and help save them. Enric Sala of National Geographic goes to some of the world’s most remote places, to study them and help save them. Travel Q&A offers excerpts from interview with marine ecologist Dr Enric Sala, who is participating in National Geographic's Explorer-in-Residence program, aimed at strengthening organization's relationships with noted maritime explorers and scientists. 

Ants and anxiety must be dealt with in the same way: head on. Ants and anxiety must be dealt with in the same way: head on. Leah Reich Letter of Recommendation column compares reaction to a home ant infestation to potency of an anxiety attack and praises Terro Liquid Ant Bait as means of wiping out insect hordes.

At 37, a lawyer half-heartedly attends yet another singles mixer and awaits the dreaded mingling. It was all so deliciously awful, she thought. At 37, a lawyer half-heartedly attends yet another singles mixer and awaits the dreaded mingling. It was all so deliciously awful, she thought. Susan M Gelles Modern Love column shares how she let her guard down and finally fell in love.

Dana Feinberg and Wayne Gerard were looking for an actual one-bedroom, not a studio that was masquerading as a one. Dana Feinberg and Wayne Gerard were looking for an actual one-bedroom, not a studio that was masquerading as a one. The Hunt column on search by software engineer Wayne Gerard and singer Dana Feinberg for true one-bedroom rental on Upper West Side; settle on fifth-floor walk up on West 72nd Street for $2,550 per month.

Sunshine Laundromat in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, has an arcade with 23 pinball machines, a coin-operated fortunetelling chimp and a new wine and beer bar. Sunshine Laundromat in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, has an arcade with 23 pinball machines, a coin-operated fortunetelling chimp and a new wine and beer bar. Neighborhood Joint column on Sunshine Laundromat, Greenpoint, Brooklyn wash-and-dry offering snacks and more than 20 vintage pinball machines among its amenities.

The gossips say that a woman’s boyfriend is gay. Should her sister pass on those tales? The gossips say that a woman’s boyfriend is gay. Should her sister pass on those tales? Philip Galanes Social Q's on telling a woman that her boyfriend is gay, asking strangers about their jobs, declining used housewarming gifts and responding to overly nosy people.

Patrons at the Sunshine Laundromat in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, can lounge at the bar or play several rounds of pinball while waiting for their clothes to wash and dry. Patrons at the Sunshine Laundromat in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, can lounge at the bar or play several rounds of pinball while waiting for their clothes to wash and dry. 

For many African-Americans, the wealth gap means that even a small financial setback can be devastating. For many African-Americans, the wealth gap means that even a small financial setback can be devastating. News Analysis; disproportionate effect small financial problems have on black families is rooted in fact they tend to have far smaller financial reserves, making them vulnerable to destructive cycle of problems created by debt; best way to break cycle and address racial wealth gap lies in fixing policies, particularly debt collection practices, that are particularly damaging to black communities.

The case for “Woman in Gold,” “Danny Collins,” “Results” and “Creed,” worthy 2015 films that are being left out of the Academy’s conversation. The case for “Woman in Gold,” “Danny Collins,” “Results” and “Creed,” worthy 2015 films that are being left out of the Academy’s conversation. Wesley Morris discusses four worthy movies from 2015 that are likely to be ignored during Oscar season; list includes Creed, Results, Woman in Gold and Danny Collins.

Prohibition and its consequences, from the spread of big government to the effects of selective enforcement. Prohibition and its consequences, from the spread of big government to the effects of selective enforcement. James A Morone reviews book The War on Alcohol: Prohibition and the Rise of the American State by Lisa McGirr. 

Annie-B Parson and her husband, Paul Lazar, prepare “Short Form,” which will celebrate their company’s 25th anniversary. Annie-B Parson and her husband, Paul Lazar, prepare “Short Form,” which will celebrate their company’s 25th anniversary. Choreographer Annie B Parson's dance concert Short Form, which will premiere at the Kitchen, celebrates 25th anniversary of her company Big Dance Theater; program of works will feature performances by her husband Paul Lazar and onstage birthday party during intermission. 

“Skeleton Crew,” set in 2008, is the last in her trilogy of plays about Detroit. “Skeleton Crew,” set in 2008, is the last in her trilogy of plays about Detroit. Playwright Dominique Morisseau pays homage to her hometown Detroit in play Skeleton Crew, final work in her prizewinning Detroit trilogy; drama, which is being staged by Atlantic Theater Company, is set in 2008 and focuses on workers at city's last remaining auto plant.

The actress and the playwright’s roles may seem made for each other, but “Our Mother’s Brief Affair,” directed by Lynne Meadow, is their first pairing. The actress and the playwright’s roles may seem made for each other, but “Our Mother’s Brief Affair,” directed by Lynne Meadow, is their first pairing. Manhattan Theater Club production of Richard Greenberg play Our Mother's Brief Affair, set to open at Samuel J Friedman Theater, brings together theater stalwarts Greenberg, actress Linda Lavin and director Lynne Meadow.

Professor Weinstein’s 1970 book about Savonarola overturned long-held assumptions about 15th-century Florence and redrew the contours of Renaissance scholarship. Professor Weinstein’s 1970 book about Savonarola overturned long-held assumptions about 15th-century Florence and redrew the contours of Renaissance scholarship. Donald Weinstein, influential historian who redefined Renaissance scholarship in 1970s with book Savonarola and Florence: Prophecy and Patriotism in the Renaissance, dies at age 89.

New releases also include two albums from SK Kakraba, a xylophonist from Ghana; debuts from Ruby Amanfu and Miya Folick; and Kode9’s first solo album. New releases also include two albums from SK Kakraba, a xylophonist from Ghana; debuts from Ruby Amanfu and Miya Folick; and Kode9’s first solo album. Jon Pareles reviews latest albums by songwriter Miya Folick, singer Ruby Amanfu, electronic music producer Kode9, British singer Shirley Collins and xylophonist SK Kakraba. 

Ms. Reid, a cellist from Chicago, leads her quartet in its first New York appearance at Roulette on Wednesday. Ms. Reid, a cellist from Chicago, leads her quartet in its first New York appearance at Roulette on Wednesday. 

The IFC Center will show “Georgy Girl,” “The Verdict” and six other films featuring Ms. Rampling, who could get her first Oscar nomination for “45 Years.” The IFC Center will show “Georgy Girl,” “The Verdict” and six other films featuring Ms. Rampling, who could get her first Oscar nomination for “45 Years.” 

Before moving to the Lower East Side, the gallery has two last shows, works by John Phillip Abbott and Michael Ballou, in its space in Williamsburg. Before moving to the Lower East Side, the gallery has two last shows, works by John Phillip Abbott and Michael Ballou, in its space in Williamsburg. 

The American Ballet Theater star takes his side company, made up mostly of Ballet Theater colleagues, to the Joyce Theater. The American Ballet Theater star takes his side company, made up mostly of Ballet Theater colleagues, to the Joyce Theater. 

“Dog Days” and “The Last Hotel” are among the offerings. “Dog Days” and “The Last Hotel” are among the offerings. 

This play, set in London, is adapted from an Edinburgh Festival Fringe show and will begin a run at the Fourth Street Theater. This play, set in London, is adapted from an Edinburgh Festival Fringe show and will begin a run at the Fourth Street Theater. 

This documentary includes Jobs’s admirers and acknowledges his brilliance, but it doesn’t shy away from his negative traits. This documentary includes Jobs’s admirers and acknowledges his brilliance, but it doesn’t shy away from his negative traits. 

This larky, occasionally sharp-witted story set behind the scenes of a semi-fictional New York symphony orchestra returns for a second season. This larky, occasionally sharp-witted story set behind the scenes of a semi-fictional New York symphony orchestra returns for a second season. Zachary Woolfe offers highlights from season 2 of Amazon original series Mozart in the Jungle, starring Gael Garcia Bernal; show features behind-the-scenes look at semi-fictional New York symphony orchestra. 

Ms. Cairns, the president of international markets at MasterCard, says building an effective team requires fostering mutual respect so people feel comfortable challenging each other. Ms. Cairns, the president of international markets at MasterCard, says building an effective team requires fostering mutual respect so people feel comfortable challenging each other. Adam Bryant Corner Office column features interview with Ann Cairns, president of international markets at MasterCard, who discusses her career and management technique.

Mr. McKay, who is known for his comedy films, turned Michael Lewis’s 2010 best seller into an unlikely comic stroll through financial malfeasance. Mr. McKay, who is known for his comedy films, turned Michael Lewis’s 2010 best seller into an unlikely comic stroll through financial malfeasance. Adam McKay, director and co-writer of caper movie The Big Short, discusses how he used humor to explain complicated aspects of 2008 housing and banking crisis. 

Stephen Carbone has been posting the results of the show in its entirety before it even begins airing, delighting some fans and angering the network. Stephen Carbone has been posting the results of the show in its entirety before it even begins airing, delighting some fans and angering the network. Jon Caramanica profiles blogger Stephen Carbone, who has been posting spoilers about reality show The Bachelor for past four years on his website RealitySteve.com; reflects that, as show begins 20th season on ABC, Carbone continues to get a lot of information from his sources. 

The phrase “Dominican salon” is now synonymous with immaculately straightened hair, but Miss Rizos is expanding that definition. The phrase “Dominican salon” is now synonymous with immaculately straightened hair, but Miss Rizos is expanding that definition. Sandra E Garcia recounts first trip back to her homeland, Dominican Republic, in decade; shares highlights of adventure, including visit to Santo Domingo beauty salon to restore her hair to its natural style and health. 

Molokai more than compensates for a scarcity of swimmable beaches with natural beauty and residents who treat one another like family. Molokai more than compensates for a scarcity of swimmable beaches with natural beauty and residents who treat one another like family. Lynn Zinser travel article shares highlights of 72-hour visit she and her husband took to Molokai, one of Hawaii's least visited islands. 

The resort is creating a base village and upgrading features to draw visitors to a remote slice of northern New Mexico. The resort is creating a base village and upgrading features to draw visitors to a remote slice of northern New Mexico. Christopher Solomon travel article shares highlights of trip to Taos Ski Valley in New Mexico; resort became focus of controversy among solitude-loving skiers after hedge fund billionaire Louis Bacon bought it in 2013 and began long-term renovations to property that had remained essentially unchanged for decades. 

The ethicist on contagion etiquette, stingy sick-day policies and student-loan forgiveness. The ethicist on contagion etiquette, stingy sick-day policies and student-loan forgiveness. Kwame Anthony Appiah The Ethicist column answers questions on whether to come in to work when sick, ethics regarding benefits for government employees and handling friend's insensitive attempts at humor.

A. O. Scott, Manohla Dargis and Stephen Holden chose their own nominees in the primary categories. A. O. Scott, Manohla Dargis and Stephen Holden chose their own nominees in the primary categories. New York Times critics Manohla Dargis, A O Scott and Stephen Holden list their own picks for Oscar-worthy films and performances from 2015.

Despite its unfortunate recent past as a sexless preppy basic, the turtleneck is being repositioned as a statement of resistance. Despite its unfortunate recent past as a sexless preppy basic, the turtleneck is being repositioned as a statement of resistance. Troy Patterson On Clothing column questions whether turtleneck can be rescued from current status as basic and sexless, and returned to rebel status it once held.

Flush away your fears. Flush away your fears. Comedian John Hodgman weighs in on what to do when accused of using too much toilet paper.

A witness in an operating room where the patients are conscious. A witness in an operating room where the patients are conscious. Karl Ove Knausgaard article recounts experience of traveling to Albania to watch British neurosurgeon Henry Marsh perform awake craniotomy, surgical procedure he pioneered; says inspiration for request to observe surgery was Marsh's book Do No Harm: Stories of Life, Death, and Brain Surgery.  

A dystopian satire follows a doctor’s struggles through a snowstorm to deliver relief to a zombie-plagued town. A dystopian satire follows a doctor’s struggles through a snowstorm to deliver relief to a zombie-plagued town. Masha Gessen reviews book The Blizzard by Vladimir Sorokin. 

A mother’s illness prompts a comedian to consider his own mortality and no-longer-youthful body. A mother’s illness prompts a comedian to consider his own mortality and no-longer-youthful body. John Swansburg reviews memoir Navel Gazing: True Tales of Bodies, Mostly Mine (but Also My Mom's, Which I Know Sounds Weird) by Michael Ian Black. 

Dix Hills, an unincorporated area of the town of Huntington, N.Y., has the advantages of a rolling landscape, large lots, good schools and a central location. Dix Hills, an unincorporated area of the town of Huntington, N.Y., has the advantages of a rolling landscape, large lots, good schools and a central location. Living In column on Dix Hills, NY.

The hamlet has no town center, but it does have large lots, good schools and a central location. The hamlet has no town center, but it does have large lots, good schools and a central location. 

Professor Mintz was often described as the father of food anthropology, after the critical and popular success of his 1985 book, “Sweetness and Power: The Place of Sugar in Modern History.” Professor Mintz was often described as the father of food anthropology, after the critical and popular success of his 1985 book, “Sweetness and Power: The Place of Sugar in Modern History.” Sidney W Mintz, cultural anthropologist known for Marxian perspective linking slavery, capitalism and imperialism with demand for sugar beginning in 17th-century Britain, dies at age 93. 

Mr. Damon is once again in the Oscar conversation, this time with a film about an astronaut stranded on Mars. Mr. Damon is once again in the Oscar conversation, this time with a film about an astronaut stranded on Mars. Actor Matt Damon discusses his latest turn as stranded astronaut in Ridley Scott's 2015 movie The Martian, which is getting Oscar buzz.

Authors with new books planned for 2016 include Don DeLillo, Richard Russo and Curtis Sittenfeld. Authors with new books planned for 2016 include Don DeLillo, Richard Russo and Curtis Sittenfeld. 

Readers respond to a recent essay by Cynthia Ozick and more. Readers respond to a recent essay by Cynthia Ozick and more. 

The rapper, who received 11 Grammy nominations for his album “To Pimp a Butterfly,” talks about the importance of hip-hop and what lies ahead. The rapper, who received 11 Grammy nominations for his album “To Pimp a Butterfly,” talks about the importance of hip-hop and what lies ahead. Excerpts from interview with rapper Kendrick Lamar, who discusses his critically acclaimed album To Pimp a Butterfly and his recent Grammy nominations.

Two books consider how mistakes can be turned to advantage and failure can lead to breakthrough.  Two books consider how mistakes can be turned to advantage and failure can lead to breakthrough. Robert A Burton reviews books Black Box Thinking: Why Most People Never Learn From Their Mistakes - but Some Do by Matthew Syed and Failure: Why Science Is So Successful by Stuart Firestein. 

The brutal conflict between Iran and Iraq in the 1980s set the stage for current tensions. The brutal conflict between Iran and Iraq in the 1980s set the stage for current tensions. Graeme Wood reviews book The Iran-Iraq War by Pierre Razoux. 

This past year brought not one but three new or updated cultural hubs to Paris. This past year brought not one but three new or updated cultural hubs to Paris. In Transit blog; visitors to Paris in 2015 found refreshed museum scene; Musee de l'Homme and Rodin Museum both completed years-long renovations, and new museum Les Caves du Louvre, offering interactive exploration of history of wine, opened in vaulted underground space of 18th-century hotel. 

Morocco’s west coast, a blustery stretch of North Africa, testifies to its colonial past and trading heritage in a series of historic forts and emerging ports. Morocco’s west coast, a blustery stretch of North Africa, testifies to its colonial past and trading heritage in a series of historic forts and emerging ports. Elaine Glusac travel article on journey along Atlantic coast of Morocco, lesser-known area offering undeveloped beaches, and historic forts and ports. 

Adventurous chefs and restaurant owners are using more-exotic ingredients in many of their signature dishes. Adventurous chefs and restaurant owners are using more-exotic ingredients in many of their signature dishes. Devotees of Thai cuisine in Portland, Ore, can go far beyond pad Thai, with number of adventurous chefs, including Andy Ricker, offering authentic and regionally diverse signature dishes. 

In support of gender equality, human rights and civil liberties, a group of bloggers is doing battle with Islamists online — and paying dearly for it. In support of gender equality, human rights and civil liberties, a group of bloggers is doing battle with Islamists online — and paying dearly for it. Group of secular bloggers in Bangladesh are fighting against ideology espoused by Islamic extremists, and are at risk of violence or death as consequence.

This year, Republican voters rebelled against any candidates with real governing experience. This year, Republican voters rebelled against any candidates with real governing experience. Experience in governing has become liability in increasingly divisive 2016 presidential race in which government has drawn scorn from leading candidates and voters; it remains to be seen whether outsider highlighting their lack of experience and antipathy toward Washington will prevail over candidate with more traditional resume, like that of Ohio Gov John Kasich.

In professional sports, where slurs are still tolerated, acting as if your homosexuality was never a secret is a bold counteroffensive move. In professional sports, where slurs are still tolerated, acting as if your homosexuality was never a secret is a bold counteroffensive move. Wesley Morris First Words column submits phrase 'self-identified,' used in reference to people self-identified as gays or lesbians, imparts power of self-knowledge and resistance to outside opinions; holds self-identification is particularly powerful position in professional sports, where stigma remains high and 'coming out' to others remains rare.

Just as biologists name and group plants by categories, travelers on social media have developed a worldwide taxonomy and nomenclature for photos with shared characteristics. Just as biologists name and group plants by categories, travelers on social media have developed a worldwide taxonomy and nomenclature for photos with shared characteristics. Stephanie Rosenbloom The Getaway column examines evolution of loosely-defined rules about creating hashtags for travel photos that will allow others to easily search social media for images of particular interest to them.  

Keys that open no doors, an interstellar city of God, a closetful of artificial intelligence and an eerie hotel in a snowstorm.  Keys that open no doors, an interstellar city of God, a closetful of artificial intelligence and an eerie hotel in a snowstorm. N K Jemisin reviews books Planetfall by Emma Newman, This Census-Taker by China Mieville, Travelers Rest by Keith Lee Morris and All the Birds in the Sky by Charlie Jane Anders. 

The denomination of the gift is a lot less certain than the denomination of the bride and groom. The denomination of the gift is a lot less certain than the denomination of the bride and groom. Many guests struggle with how much money to give for wedding gift; etiquette advocate Nancy Mitchell asserts that people should base amount on their budget and closeness to couple.

Three books report on the microscopic creatures that live in our bodies, and their influence on how we function. Three books report on the microscopic creatures that live in our bodies, and their influence on how we function. Sonia Shah reviews books The Diet Myth: Why the Secret to Health and Weight Loss Is Already in Your Gut by Tim Spector, The Good Gut: Taking Control of Your Weight, Your Mood, and Your Long-Term Health by Justin and Erica Sonnenburg and The Hidden Half of Nature: The Microbial Roots of Life and Health by David R Montgomery and Anne Bikle.

New self-help books by Cuddy and Rhimes begin with the specter of success without happiness and resolve in a triumph of rousing speechifying. New self-help books by Cuddy and Rhimes begin with the specter of success without happiness and resolve in a triumph of rousing speechifying. Heather Havrilesky reviews books Presence: Bringing Your Boldest Self to Your Biggest Challenges by Amy Cuddy and Year of Yes by Shonda Rhimes. 

James Rollins’s “The Bone Labyrinth,” new at No. 9 on the combined fiction list, is crammed as usual with a gleefully preposterous mix of science and legend and wild-eyed conspiracy theory. James Rollins’s “The Bone Labyrinth,” new at No. 9 on the combined fiction list, is crammed as usual with a gleefully preposterous mix of science and legend and wild-eyed conspiracy theory. 

These player rankings from the Sablich brothers are for standard and PPR scoring formats and will be updated throughout the season. These player rankings from the Sablich brothers are for standard and PPR scoring formats and will be updated throughout the season. 

El 20 por ciento de los ocho millones de habitantes de Israel son árabes, y en los últimos años han empezado a expresar más su identidad palestina. El 20 por ciento de los ocho millones de habitantes de Israel son árabes, y en los últimos años han empezado a expresar más su identidad palestina. 

The geography of the two main branches of Islam is a key factor in the region’s conflicts. The geography of the two main branches of Islam is a key factor in the region’s conflicts. 

The reporter Alissa J. Rubin writes about the verdict in the death of a young Afghan woman beaten and killed by a mob in Kabul in March 2015. The reporter Alissa J. Rubin writes about the verdict in the death of a young Afghan woman beaten and killed by a mob in Kabul in March 2015. 

With the restaurant abandoning its famed dining rooms, high-profile regulars are flocking there. How do they dress for the Park Avenue version of a last meal? With the restaurant abandoning its famed dining rooms, high-profile regulars are flocking there. How do they dress for the Park Avenue version of a last meal? 

From Calais, France, migrants fleeing Syria’s conflict hop onto trucks or moving trains in a desperate — and often futile — effort to reach England. From Calais, France, migrants fleeing Syria’s conflict hop onto trucks or moving trains in a desperate — and often futile — effort to reach England. 

 Former President Bill Clinton will make stops in Cedar Rapids and Dubuque, his first events without Hillary Clinton in the state of Iowa. Former President Bill Clinton will make stops in Cedar Rapids and Dubuque, his first events without Hillary Clinton in the state of Iowa.

 A Banjo, violin and guitar ensemble played before Mr. Cruz spoke at a theater in Winterset, where he later channeled Renee Zellweger and tied drippings from the ceiling to the spending habits of the federal government. A Banjo, violin and guitar ensemble played before Mr. Cruz spoke at a theater in Winterset, where he later channeled Renee Zellweger and tied drippings from the ceiling to the spending habits of the federal government.

 The return of Jim Holland. The return of Jim Holland.

 The Saudi execution of a leading Shiite cleric, and its severing of ties with Iran, has raised doubts about U.S. ties to Riyadh. The Saudi execution of a leading Shiite cleric, and its severing of ties with Iran, has raised doubts about U.S. ties to Riyadh.

 Insight, or not thinking it through? Insight, or not thinking it through?

The execution of Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr sparked outrage and protests in parts of the Muslim world, leading to the severing of diplomatic relations between Iran and Saudi Arabia. The execution of Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr sparked outrage and protests in parts of the Muslim world, leading to the severing of diplomatic relations between Iran and Saudi Arabia. 

 Senator Ted Cruz recalled a tantrum from his then-three-year-old daughter Caroline, and used it as an allegory for America. Senator Ted Cruz recalled a tantrum from his then-three-year-old daughter Caroline, and used it as an allegory for America.

 Donald J. Trump had promised to spend at least $2 million a week on advertising, and he has already reserved nearly that much through Jan. 12. Donald J. Trump had promised to spend at least $2 million a week on advertising, and he has already reserved nearly that much through Jan. 12.

 The end of Yahoo Screen is a sign of the Internet company’s shrinking video ambitions. The end of Yahoo Screen is a sign of the Internet company’s shrinking video ambitions.

As of Jan. 1, women in Oregon can get contraceptives directly from a pharmacy, without having to go to a doctor first. Here are answers to a few questions about the new law. As of Jan. 1, women in Oregon can get contraceptives directly from a pharmacy, without having to go to a doctor first. Here are answers to a few questions about the new law. 

The most popular stories of the year from the Real Estate section. The most popular stories of the year from the Real Estate section. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

 Mr. McDermott, one of the most liberal members of the House and a senior member of the Ways and Means Committee, announced he would retire at the end of his 14th term this year. Mr. McDermott, one of the most liberal members of the House and a senior member of the Ways and Means Committee, announced he would retire at the end of his 14th term this year.

 Broadway had its best attended and highest grossing week ever. Broadway had its best attended and highest grossing week ever.

 Hillary Clinton says she won’t respond to Donald J. Trump’s “alternate reality.” Hillary Clinton says she won’t respond to Donald J. Trump’s “alternate reality.”

 Photos from Afghanistan, Egypt, Iran and India. Photos from Afghanistan, Egypt, Iran and India.

Afghanistan and Elsewhere: Pictures of the Day Afghanistan and Elsewhere: Pictures of the Day 

Después de tres años, parece probable que Peña Nieto será recordado más como un presidente que evitó rendir cuentas que como un transformador. Después de tres años, parece probable que Peña Nieto será recordado más como un presidente que evitó rendir cuentas que como un transformador. 

 Ted Cruz’s microphone went out during his second stop on his Iowa bus tour, and President Obama and the National Security Agency took the blame. Ted Cruz’s microphone went out during his second stop on his Iowa bus tour, and President Obama and the National Security Agency took the blame.

From one of the co-owner chefs of the Chinatown restaurant Dimes, this goji berry and ginger elixir boosts immunity — and energy levels. From one of the co-owner chefs of the Chinatown restaurant Dimes, this goji berry and ginger elixir boosts immunity — and energy levels. 

 At the start of a two-day tour of the state, Hillary Clinton said she would seek to improve the Affordable Care Act and backed the president’s proposed executive action on gun control. At the start of a two-day tour of the state, Hillary Clinton said she would seek to improve the Affordable Care Act and backed the president’s proposed executive action on gun control.

 A strategy called “design thinking” has helped numerous entrepreneurs and engineers develop successful new products and businesses. But can design thinking help you create healthful habits? A strategy called “design thinking” has helped numerous entrepreneurs and engineers develop successful new products and businesses. But can design thinking help you create healthful habits?

 The Healthy Hunger-Free Kids Act, which mandated increased availability of whole grains, vegetables and fruits at schools, means children are eating healthier, a study shows. The Healthy Hunger-Free Kids Act, which mandated increased availability of whole grains, vegetables and fruits at schools, means children are eating healthier, a study shows.

A three-minute adaptation of Laurie Anderson’s film, “Heart of a Dog,” can be seen at the end of each day as part of the Midnight Moment program. A three-minute adaptation of Laurie Anderson’s film, “Heart of a Dog,” can be seen at the end of each day as part of the Midnight Moment program. 

 Stop No.1 on Ted Cruz’s 28-town swing of Iowa features a favorite joke. Stop No.1 on Ted Cruz’s 28-town swing of Iowa features a favorite joke.

 Not for a long time, a new report suggests. Not for a long time, a new report suggests.

 The singer added 307,000 copies of “25” to her sales tally in the final week of the year; the album has now sold a total of 7.44 million. The singer added 307,000 copies of “25” to her sales tally in the final week of the year; the album has now sold a total of 7.44 million.

The Justice Department challenged Volkswagen in federal court, saying that the German automaker installed illegal devices to impair emissions controls, increasing air pollution. The Justice Department challenged Volkswagen in federal court, saying that the German automaker installed illegal devices to impair emissions controls, increasing air pollution. 

 It’s not just what our children do, but what they don’t do, that counts. It’s not just what our children do, but what they don’t do, that counts.

 A top International Times editor describes how and why a Times story was censored in Pakistani print editions last weekend. A top International Times editor describes how and why a Times story was censored in Pakistani print editions last weekend.

 Bill Clinton delivered a low-key and slightly disjointed speech at a rally on Monday for his wife, Hillary Clinton, during his first solo swing campaigning for her in New Hampshire. Bill Clinton delivered a low-key and slightly disjointed speech at a rally on Monday for his wife, Hillary Clinton, during his first solo swing campaigning for her in New Hampshire.

 Ben Carson has proposed tearing up the tax code and replacing it with a flat tax that would represent a substantial cut for the richest Americans and could potentially deepen the deficit. Ben Carson has proposed tearing up the tax code and replacing it with a flat tax that would represent a substantial cut for the richest Americans and could potentially deepen the deficit.

Change is coming to Morocco’s wild Atlantic coast, but there are still historic forts and ports and deserted beaches. Change is coming to Morocco’s wild Atlantic coast, but there are still historic forts and ports and deserted beaches. 

 A reader asks: Does day-old, leftover kale salad have less nutritional value than kale that is fresher? A reader asks: Does day-old, leftover kale salad have less nutritional value than kale that is fresher?

 Governor Kasich will answer a question from a reader during his visit on Wednesday. Governor Kasich will answer a question from a reader during his visit on Wednesday.

 1980 was a particularly good year to be born, but there are years that are even better. Can you find them? 1980 was a particularly good year to be born, but there are years that are even better. Can you find them?

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: The first African-American is elected as a city mayor in 1966. From the International Herald Tribune archives: The first African-American is elected as a city mayor in 1966.

Roasted chicken is covered with tomato sauce, mozzarella and pancetta for this one-pan “pizza chicken.” Roasted chicken is covered with tomato sauce, mozzarella and pancetta for this one-pan “pizza chicken.” 

Our new egg guide and loads of healthy recipes for the new year. Our new egg guide and loads of healthy recipes for the new year. 

The Rooms Hotel, centrally situated off Tbilisi’s primary thoroughfare, is a dash of chic in a city more than 1,400 years old. The Rooms Hotel, centrally situated off Tbilisi’s primary thoroughfare, is a dash of chic in a city more than 1,400 years old. Carol Huang reviews Rooms Hotel in Tbilisi, Georgia. 

 Charlie Hebdo releases special edition one year after terror attack. Charlie Hebdo releases special edition one year after terror attack.

What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including sales on Eurostar rail service and cruises on a new MSC ship. What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including sales on Eurostar rail service and cruises on a new MSC ship. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Panama asks the United States to observe the country’s sovereign rights, in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Panama asks the United States to observe the country’s sovereign rights, in 1941.

 If you want a peek at the year ahead in tech, look no further than the giant Consumer Electronics Show this week. If you want a peek at the year ahead in tech, look no further than the giant Consumer Electronics Show this week.

Glenn Martens, the 32-year-old creative director of the French brand Y/Project, says he’s always “staring at people” to find ideas. Glenn Martens, the 32-year-old creative director of the French brand Y/Project, says he’s always “staring at people” to find ideas. 

The Belgian designer Glenn Martens presented a collection with a street-wise quirkiness — which, he says, he gets from looking at people on the Paris Metro. The Belgian designer Glenn Martens presented a collection with a street-wise quirkiness — which, he says, he gets from looking at people on the Paris Metro. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: China transfers troops to its frontier with the Soviet Union in 1966. From the International Herald Tribune archives: China transfers troops to its frontier with the Soviet Union in 1966.

 Mr. Trump’s first TV ad focuses on themes like banning Muslim immigration, and it is set to hit the airwaves on Tuesday as the sprint to the Iowa caucuses begins in earnest. Mr. Trump’s first TV ad focuses on themes like banning Muslim immigration, and it is set to hit the airwaves on Tuesday as the sprint to the Iowa caucuses begins in earnest.

 Professors and party: who left whom? Professors and party: who left whom?

 Months after it became clear that “super PACs” could not, in fact, supplant the core functions of a campaign, several of the unlimited-money groups are reverting to 2012 form — with a series of blistering attack ads. Months after it became clear that “super PACs” could not, in fact, supplant the core functions of a campaign, several of the unlimited-money groups are reverting to 2012 form — with a series of blistering attack ads.

 In politics, there are the “known unknowns,” looming questions that seem to have no answers. There are several such questions in the sprawling and chaotic race leading up to the 2016 presidential election. Here is what to watch for. In politics, there are the “known unknowns,” looming questions that seem to have no answers. There are several such questions in the sprawling and chaotic race leading up to the 2016 presidential election. Here is what to watch for.

 The House will open 2016 doing something Republicans have been itching to do for years: send a repeal of the Affordable Care Act to President Obama’s desk, even if it is unlikely they can override his veto. The House will open 2016 doing something Republicans have been itching to do for years: send a repeal of the Affordable Care Act to President Obama’s desk, even if it is unlikely they can override his veto.

 German ride-booking services, often in collaboration with licensed taxi operators, have expanded rapidly, taking advantage of local regulatory and cultural know-how to succeed just as Uber has had to retreat. German ride-booking services, often in collaboration with licensed taxi operators, have expanded rapidly, taking advantage of local regulatory and cultural know-how to succeed just as Uber has had to retreat.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: The French ambassador asks the United States for relief assistance for babies and prisoners in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: The French ambassador asks the United States for relief assistance for babies and prisoners in 1941.

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 A Standout Year for Deals | Puerto Rico Default | John Angelo Dies A Standout Year for Deals | Puerto Rico Default | John Angelo Dies

 Mr. Cruz, who has led in many Iowa polls for weeks, will return to the state for the first time in about a month, setting off on a 28-town tour intended to cement his status as the state’s front-runner. Mr. Cruz, who has led in many Iowa polls for weeks, will return to the state for the first time in about a month, setting off on a 28-town tour intended to cement his status as the state’s front-runner.

 Mrs. Clinton will crisscross Iowa this week, while Mr. Clinton will hold rallies in New Hampshire. Donald J. Trump, who has intensified his attacks against the 42nd president, will also be near the state. Mrs. Clinton will crisscross Iowa this week, while Mr. Clinton will hold rallies in New Hampshire. Donald J. Trump, who has intensified his attacks against the 42nd president, will also be near the state.

 In this post, English Language Learners learn about New Year’s resolutions, use context clues to learn the meaning of new words and compose then explain their own one-word mission statements. In this post, English Language Learners learn about New Year’s resolutions, use context clues to learn the meaning of new words and compose then explain their own one-word mission statements.

Monday: A cold spell, an executive order, and a traffic milestone. Monday: A cold spell, an executive order, and a traffic milestone. 

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 FamilyCook teaches schoolchildren and their families the delights that can ensue from preparing affordable fresh, tasty and healthful foods. FamilyCook teaches schoolchildren and their families the delights that can ensue from preparing affordable fresh, tasty and healthful foods.

 On Mondays, we publish a Times photo without a caption, headline or other information about its origins. Join the conversation by commenting on what you see and why. A live discussion is offered that day from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Eastern. On Mondays, we publish a Times photo without a caption, headline or other information about its origins. Join the conversation by commenting on what you see and why. A live discussion is offered that day from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Eastern.

 How does a recent study show how stress and anxiety affect American teenagers? How does a recent study show how stress and anxiety affect American teenagers?

The animal has an apparatus that can shoot to about two and a half body lengths, accelerating at about 8,500 feet per second per second. The animal has an apparatus that can shoot to about two and a half body lengths, accelerating at about 8,500 feet per second per second. 

Small chameleons have a stronger and longer tongue to shoot out faster than those of larger chameleons. Small chameleons have a stronger and longer tongue to shoot out faster than those of larger chameleons. 

A Q. and A. with a notable book blogger (and Microsoft co-founder). A Q. and A. with a notable book blogger (and Microsoft co-founder). 

 Where have some gun laws changed as of Jan. 1, 2016? Where have some gun laws changed as of Jan. 1, 2016?

 What would we be willing to sacrifice to prevent the catastrophes humanity now faces? And why are so many of us not doing so? What would we be willing to sacrifice to prevent the catastrophes humanity now faces? And why are so many of us not doing so?

Antiterrorism efforts are threatening a cornerstone of democracy — the equality of all citizens before the law. Antiterrorism efforts are threatening a cornerstone of democracy — the equality of all citizens before the law. Editorial calls on France's Parliament to reject Constitutional amendments proposed by president Francois Hollande that would expand government's powers to counter terrorism; argues country's crackdown after 2015 Paris attacks has unfairly targeted innocent Muslim citizens, and asserts its current anti-terrorism provisions are sufficient. 

The Mexican government has moved swiftly to whitewash corruption and play down scandals. The Mexican government has moved swiftly to whitewash corruption and play down scandals. Editorial rebukes Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto for series of scandals under his leadership, including government's mishandled investigation of presumed execution of 43 college students.

Other politicians remade the rules right in front of our eyes. Other politicians remade the rules right in front of our eyes. Mark Schmitt Op-Ed article argues emergence of Donald J Trump as leading Republican presidential candidate, despite deliberately flouting expectations, was enabled by reshaping of conventional political wisdom in recent years; suggests old model in which average voters pulled each party back from ideological extremes has been upended.

The difference that 2012 made shows us the stakes involved in 2016. The difference that 2012 made shows us the stakes involved in 2016. Paul Krugman Op-Ed column chastises those who criticize presidential candidates of both parties for being too committed to status quo; cites overall success of American economy after Pres Obama's rollback of Bush and Reagan tax cuts and passage of Affordable Care Act, which conservatives claimed would ruin it, as proof elections have consequences.

The United States needs to increase research in agriculture to feed a growing world population in a warming world. The United States needs to increase research in agriculture to feed a growing world population in a warming world. Op-Ed article by Phillip A Sharp and Alan Leshner calls for more federal funding devoted to agricultural research; argues environmental uncertainty in near future will challenge America's capacity to feed itself; argues for approach echoing country's solution to Dust Bowl crisis of 1940s, when 40 percent of research spending was focused on agriculture.

The state has become a remarkably productive laboratory of criminal justice reform. The state has become a remarkably productive laboratory of criminal justice reform. Editorial praises Connecticut governor Dannel Malloy's expansive criminal justice reforms, emphasizing prisoner rehabilitation and personal responsibility; cites significant drops in state's crime rate and prison population as evidence approach is having positive effect.

New York State needs effective and independent oversight of its troubled prison system. New York State needs effective and independent oversight of its troubled prison system. Op-Ed article by Michele Deitch and Michael B Mushlin calls on New York State Legislature to create independent body to oversee state's prisons, following recent revelations about 2010 fatal beating of prisoner Leonard Strickland; asserts reforms would result in safer prisons, more effectively rehabilitate prisoners, and save taxpayers money.

 Their illicit gambling and suspected steroid use have weighed more on voters' minds than these players' tremendous accomplishments. Their illicit gambling and suspected steroid use have weighed more on voters' minds than these players' tremendous accomplishments.

Readers call for compassionate release. Readers call for compassionate release. 

Readers respond to Arthur C. Brooks, who wrote that we should be a nation “motivated by hope and opportunity, not one dominated by victimhood.” Readers respond to Arthur C. Brooks, who wrote that we should be a nation “motivated by hope and opportunity, not one dominated by victimhood.” 

A Planned Parenthood official says that birth control is indeed an economic issue, and that Obamacare offers large savings on out-of-pocket costs. A Planned Parenthood official says that birth control is indeed an economic issue, and that Obamacare offers large savings on out-of-pocket costs. 

 A new book, “Africa Under the Prism,” captures the kaleidoscope of random energy, disorder and color on the continent, from work shown during the arts festival’s first five years. A new book, “Africa Under the Prism,” captures the kaleidoscope of random energy, disorder and color on the continent, from work shown during the arts festival’s first five years.

Quotation of the Day for Monday, January 4, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Monday, January 4, 2016. 

No corrections appeared in print on Monday, January 4, 2016. No corrections appeared in print on Monday, January 4, 2016. 

 Several recent studies suggest that fears artificial intelligence and other high-tech forms of automation will destroy jobs are overblown. Several recent studies suggest that fears artificial intelligence and other high-tech forms of automation will destroy jobs are overblown.

In a new season of “The Bachelor,” a software salesman from Indiana holds the roses. For love without the limo, there’s “Pride and Prejudice,” starring Keira Knightley. In a new season of “The Bachelor,” a software salesman from Indiana holds the roses. For love without the limo, there’s “Pride and Prejudice,” starring Keira Knightley. 

The top performers and key injuries in the league this week. The top performers and key injuries in the league this week. 

Chelsea crushed host Crystal Palace, 3-0, on Sunday in a stylish display that had shades of the team’s run to last season’s Premier League championship. Chelsea crushed host Crystal Palace, 3-0, on Sunday in a stylish display that had shades of the team’s run to last season’s Premier League championship. Chelsea defeats Crystal Palace, 3-0; other soccer matches noted.

The ski jumper Peter Prevc won in dominating fashion in Innsbruck, Austria, on the third stop of the Four Hills Tour, positioning himself to become the annual event’s first Slovene winner in nearly two decades. The ski jumper Peter Prevc won in dominating fashion in Innsbruck, Austria, on the third stop of the Four Hills Tour, positioning himself to become the annual event’s first Slovene winner in nearly two decades. Peter Prevc wins Four Hills Tour ski-jumping event in Innsbruck, Austria; other winter sports news noted.

Top-ranked Serena Williams was ruled out of her opening match at the Hopman Cup mixed team event in Perth, Australia, on Monday because of knee inflammation, organizers said. Top-ranked Serena Williams was ruled out of her opening match at the Hopman Cup mixed team event in Perth, Australia, on Monday because of knee inflammation, organizers said. Serena Williams withdraws from opening match at Hopman Cup mixed team tennis tournament with knee inflammation; other tennis news noted.

Fidelity will end the partnership it has had with American Express for its cards, which are considered to have one of the more generous rewards program. Fidelity will end the partnership it has had with American Express for its cards, which are considered to have one of the more generous rewards program. Fidelity will end 12-year partnership with American Express and begin issuing Visa-branded cards through US Bank; shift will not affect its 2 percent cash back offer. 

Gene Luen Yang, known for “Secret Coders” and “American Born Chinese,” hopes to lure readers beyond their comfort zones. Gene Luen Yang, known for “Secret Coders” and “American Born Chinese,” hopes to lure readers beyond their comfort zones. Library of Congress is set to name Gene Luen Yang as national ambassador for young people's literature, first graphic novelist to be honored since post was created in 2008; Yang, who is first-generation Chinese American, is known for writing graphic novels that explore issues of identity and culture.

KAPLAN--Gilbert. The Board of Trustees and staff of Carnegie Hall mourn the passing of our dear friend and colleague Gilbert Kaplan, passionate music lover and devoted and beloved husband of Lena. Gil joined the Carnegie Hall Board of Trustees in 1980, and served the Hall with devotion for more than thirty-five years. Gil brought his financial acumen and keen insight to Carnegie Hall's management as a longstanding member of the Finance and Operations Committee, where he helped govern major institutional advances from the restoration of Carnegie Hall to the creation of an education center. Following his successful career in business and journalism, Gil became a celebrated scholar of Gustav Mahler, establishing the Kaplan Foundation and conducting Mahler's Second Symphony with leading orchestras around the world. Gil was invited by the Vienna Philharmonic to conduct the original version of Mahler's Second Symphony and his recordings of the Symphony with the London Symphony Orchestra and the Vienna Philharmonic were very successful. Gil demonstrated his deep love and knowledge of music every season as a frequent concertgoer, and many members of the Carnegie Hall's family were honored to be guests on Gil's acclaimed radio program "Mad About Music." We will always remember Gil for his warmth, musical scholarship, and his love of Carnegie Hall. We express our heartfelt condolences to his wife, Lena; his devoted children Kristina, Claude, John, and Emily; and their families and loved ones. Sanford I. Weill, President; Mercedes Bass, Acting Chairman; Clive Gillinson, Executive and Artistic Director 1/3 KAPLAN--Gilbert. The Board of Trustees and staff of Carnegie Hall mourn the passing of our dear friend and colleague Gilbert Kaplan, passionate music lover and devoted and beloved husband of Lena. Gil joined the Carnegie Hall Board of Trustees in 1980, and served the Hall with devotion for more than thirty-five years. Gil brought his financial acumen and keen insight to Carnegie Hall's management as a longstanding member of the Finance and Operations Committee, where he helped govern major institutional advances from the restoration of Carnegie Hall to the creation of an education center. Following his successful career in business and journalism, Gil became a celebrated scholar of Gustav Mahler, establishing the Kaplan Foundation and conducting Mahler's Second Symphony with leading orchestras around the world. Gil was invited by the Vienna Philharmonic to conduct the original version of Mahler's Second Symphony and his recordings of the Symphony with the London Symphony Orchestra and the Vienna Philharmonic were very successful. Gil demonstrated his deep love and knowledge of music every season as a frequent concertgoer, and many members of the Carnegie Hall's family were honored to be guests on Gil's acclaimed radio program "Mad About Music." We will always remember Gil for his warmth, musical scholarship, and his love of Carnegie Hall. We express our heartfelt condolences to his wife, Lena; his devoted children Kristina, Claude, John, and Emily; and their families and loved ones. Sanford I. Weill, President; Mercedes Bass, Acting Chairman; Clive Gillinson, Executive and Artistic Director 1/3 

HIRSCHBERG--Irving, resident of Amagansett, NY, died suddenly on December 30th at age 88. He was predeceased by his beloved wife, Phyllis. He is survived by his two daughters, Lise and Wendy, sister Shirlee (Geri Grossman), and his grandson Miles Emanuel. He retired as an accomplished electrical engineer at Fairchild Camera. He had a major impact on the East End community. Irving was a tutor of ESL students at East Hampton High School, a friend to senior citizens through R.S.V.P. and an active Democrat. He was devoted to his tennis and golf games. Irving was a loyal and generous friend to many. Contributions may be made in his memory: Cinema Arts Centre, Huntington, Long Island or the Southern Poverty Law Center. 1/3 HIRSCHBERG--Irving, resident of Amagansett, NY, died suddenly on December 30th at age 88. He was predeceased by his beloved wife, Phyllis. He is survived by his two daughters, Lise and Wendy, sister Shirlee (Geri Grossman), and his grandson Miles Emanuel. He retired as an accomplished electrical engineer at Fairchild Camera. He had a major impact on the East End community. Irving was a tutor of ESL students at East Hampton High School, a friend to senior citizens through R.S.V.P. and an active Democrat. He was devoted to his tennis and golf games. Irving was a loyal and generous friend to many. Contributions may be made in his memory: Cinema Arts Centre, Huntington, Long Island or the Southern Poverty Law Center. 1/3 

OSTREICH--Ellen S.,88, of Lake Mary, Florida (former resident of New York and Boca Raton, Florida), passed away on January 2, 2016. Born January 14, 1927 to Rose Lehman Stein, Esq. and Simon Stein, M.D. Graduated from Cornell University in 1946 and received M.A. in 1947 from New York University. Beloved wife of the late Leonard L. Ostreich, M.D. Beloved mother to Marjorie (Dustan) Smith, Richard, M.D. (Helene) Ostreich, Steven (Andrea) Ostreich and Peter Ostreich (deceased) and Glenda. Adored grandmother to nine, Carey, Jordan, Tamara, Amy, Debbie, Rachel, Danielle, Stacey and Emily and adored great-grandmother to five, Chloe, Myles, Jeremy, Mason and Lily. The funeral service will be on January 5, 2016 at 12:00pm at Gutterman's Memorial Chapel, 8000 Jericho Turnpike, Woodbury, New York. Family requests donations be made to Vitas Healthcare (Hospice) or Boys Town Jerusalem. 1/3 OSTREICH--Ellen S.,88, of Lake Mary, Florida (former resident of New York and Boca Raton, Florida), passed away on January 2, 2016. Born January 14, 1927 to Rose Lehman Stein, Esq. and Simon Stein, M.D. Graduated from Cornell University in 1946 and received M.A. in 1947 from New York University. Beloved wife of the late Leonard L. Ostreich, M.D. Beloved mother to Marjorie (Dustan) Smith, Richard, M.D. (Helene) Ostreich, Steven (Andrea) Ostreich and Peter Ostreich (deceased) and Glenda. Adored grandmother to nine, Carey, Jordan, Tamara, Amy, Debbie, Rachel, Danielle, Stacey and Emily and adored great-grandmother to five, Chloe, Myles, Jeremy, Mason and Lily. The funeral service will be on January 5, 2016 at 12:00pm at Gutterman's Memorial Chapel, 8000 Jericho Turnpike, Woodbury, New York. Family requests donations be made to Vitas Healthcare (Hospice) or Boys Town Jerusalem. 1/3 

SOLOWAY--Michael, "Mickey," on January 2, 2016. Loving husband to Loretta and father to Spencer (Alex). His smile and sense of humor will be missed by all who had the joy of knowing him. Services today, Monday, 12:45pm, at "The Riverside," 76th St. and Amsterdam Ave. 1/3 SOLOWAY--Michael, "Mickey," on January 2, 2016. Loving husband to Loretta and father to Spencer (Alex). His smile and sense of humor will be missed by all who had the joy of knowing him. Services today, Monday, 12:45pm, at "The Riverside," 76th St. and Amsterdam Ave. 1/3 

KAPLAN--Gilbert, died peacefully on the morning of January 1, 2016, with Lena, his wife of 45 years, and their four loving children by his side. An uncommon man in every respect, he founded Institutional Investor magazine at the age of 26, serving as its Publisher and Editor-in-Chief for the next two decades, only to embark on a second life as a renowned amateur conductor of Mahler's Second Symphony. He said of the symphony that it "wrapped itself around me and never let go." This passion ultimately led to conducting engagements with over 60 orchestras throughout the world, acclaimed recordings of the work with the London Symphony Orchestra and the Vienna Philharmonic and, more recently, a faculty position at Juilliard. His private life was just as rich. He married the woman he loved at first sight, loved her deeply to the end, and together they presided over a family of four beautiful children, Kristina Wallison, Claude Davies, John Kaplan and Emily Kaplan, and eight grandchildren. All grieve profoundly at his passing, but feel deeply blessed to have loved and been loved by this remarkable man. The family will receive friends at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue (at 81st Street) in New York City, on Thursday, January 7 at 2-5pm and 7-9pm. Friends are invited to email stories and condolences to: gilkaplanfamily@gmail.com. 1/3 KAPLAN--Gilbert, died peacefully on the morning of January 1, 2016, with Lena, his wife of 45 years, and their four loving children by his side. An uncommon man in every respect, he founded Institutional Investor magazine at the age of 26, serving as its Publisher and Editor-in-Chief for the next two decades, only to embark on a second life as a renowned amateur conductor of Mahler's Second Symphony. He said of the symphony that it "wrapped itself around me and never let go." This passion ultimately led to conducting engagements with over 60 orchestras throughout the world, acclaimed recordings of the work with the London Symphony Orchestra and the Vienna Philharmonic and, more recently, a faculty position at Juilliard. His private life was just as rich. He married the woman he loved at first sight, loved her deeply to the end, and together they presided over a family of four beautiful children, Kristina Wallison, Claude Davies, John Kaplan and Emily Kaplan, and eight grandchildren. All grieve profoundly at his passing, but feel deeply blessed to have loved and been loved by this remarkable man. The family will receive friends at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue (at 81st Street) in New York City, on Thursday, January 7 at 2-5pm and 7-9pm. Friends are invited to email stories and condolences to: gilkaplanfamily@gmail.com. 1/3 

RUDOFSKY--Jesse Frank, of Belmont, MA. Music producer with group Ace, Dollface and Franky Lightning, passed on December 26. Beloved husband of Carolee Beberian Rudofsky. Son of Toby (Gross) Rudofsky and Harry Rudofsky. Father of Cherie, Jessica and Danna Heidi Rudofsky. Funeral, Holy Trinity Armenian Church, 145 Brattle St., Cambridge, MA, January 7, 11am. 1/3 RUDOFSKY--Jesse Frank, of Belmont, MA. Music producer with group Ace, Dollface and Franky Lightning, passed on December 26. Beloved husband of Carolee Beberian Rudofsky. Son of Toby (Gross) Rudofsky and Harry Rudofsky. Father of Cherie, Jessica and Danna Heidi Rudofsky. Funeral, Holy Trinity Armenian Church, 145 Brattle St., Cambridge, MA, January 7, 11am. 1/3 

MOSKOVITZ--Adele. Died December 31, 2015, two days after her 100th birthday. Generous, gracious and beautiful, she lost her beloved husband, Irving, in 1996, just short of their 59th Wedding Anniversary. She is survived by her children, Anne Davis and Peter (both widowed), grandchildren Ariel Morvan, David and Zoe, and three great-grandchildren, Eleanor, Angelica and Benjamin. Adele studied dramatic arts at NYU, acted briefly, and was passionate about music, art and travel. She loved her home in New York and a second home in Cannes, France, in which places she brought family and friends together. While her children were growing up in Scarsdale, NY, she was an officer of the PTA, served as co-leader of a Girl Scout troop and hosted a foreign exchange student, Delcia Bence Rusk, to whom she remained close all her life. In a brief reprise of her acting career, she played Mrs. Frank in a 1961 Scarsdale High School production of The Diary of Anne Frank in which her daughter, Anne, was played by Liza Minnelli in her acting debut. A lover of music and constant concertgoer, she was an active Board Member of Young Audiences, the Bowden International Music Festival, and the Marlboro Music Festival, which she attended for over forty years. She took great pleasure in encouraging young musicians at the beginning of their careers. The funeral is private. There will be a memorial service, the date to be announced. Contributions in her memory may be made to Marlboro Music, 1528 Walnut Street, Suite 301, Philadelphia, PA 19102. 1/3 MOSKOVITZ--Adele. Died December 31, 2015, two days after her 100th birthday. Generous, gracious and beautiful, she lost her beloved husband, Irving, in 1996, just short of their 59th Wedding Anniversary. She is survived by her children, Anne Davis and Peter (both widowed), grandchildren Ariel Morvan, David and Zoe, and three great-grandchildren, Eleanor, Angelica and Benjamin. Adele studied dramatic arts at NYU, acted briefly, and was passionate about music, art and travel. She loved her home in New York and a second home in Cannes, France, in which places she brought family and friends together. While her children were growing up in Scarsdale, NY, she was an officer of the PTA, served as co-leader of a Girl Scout troop and hosted a foreign exchange student, Delcia Bence Rusk, to whom she remained close all her life. In a brief reprise of her acting career, she played Mrs. Frank in a 1961 Scarsdale High School production of The Diary of Anne Frank in which her daughter, Anne, was played by Liza Minnelli in her acting debut. A lover of music and constant concertgoer, she was an active Board Member of Young Audiences, the Bowden International Music Festival, and the Marlboro Music Festival, which she attended for over forty years. She took great pleasure in encouraging young musicians at the beginning of their careers. The funeral is private. There will be a memorial service, the date to be announced. Contributions in her memory may be made to Marlboro Music, 1528 Walnut Street, Suite 301, Philadelphia, PA 19102. 1/3 

SHARGEL--Leo, died on January 2, 2016 at 99. Caring and sincere, Leo was a devoted husband, father, grandfather, great-grandfather and friend, as well as a WWII Veteran. A true gentleman and energetic storyteller who loved to play cards, Leo will be missed by his wife of 73 years, Lillian, his children, Gerald and Judith, his daughter and son-in-law Terry and Robert, his grandchildren Johanna, David, Jake, Jill and Jamie and their spouses, as well as his 9 (soon to be 10) great-grandchildren. Shiva Monday-Wednesday at home of Gerald Shargel. 1/3 SHARGEL--Leo, died on January 2, 2016 at 99. Caring and sincere, Leo was a devoted husband, father, grandfather, great-grandfather and friend, as well as a WWII Veteran. A true gentleman and energetic storyteller who loved to play cards, Leo will be missed by his wife of 73 years, Lillian, his children, Gerald and Judith, his daughter and son-in-law Terry and Robert, his grandchildren Johanna, David, Jake, Jill and Jamie and their spouses, as well as his 9 (soon to be 10) great-grandchildren. Shiva Monday-Wednesday at home of Gerald Shargel. 1/3 

YOSPIN--Tobias, of Roslyn, NY, Brooklyn born and bred, on December 31, 2015, at age 96. Beloved husband of the late Audrey (Kreinik) Yospin. Loving father of Richard Yospin, and the late Marjorie Yospin Newman. Adoring grandfather of Matthew, Gabriel and Sarina Yospin, and Eric and David Newman. Dear brother of Elaine Melnikoff and Thelma Kanig. Graduate of City College, and NYU Dental School; emeritus professor, City University of New York; painter and sculptor; lifetime tennis player, golfer and swimmer; passionate classical music listener; together with Audrey, world traveler. Graveside services at Beth Moses Cemetery, 1500 Wellwood Ave., West Babylon, NY 11704, on Monday, January 4 at 1pm. Memorial Observance at the home of Joan and Richard Yospin, Wednesday, January 6, 2016. In lieu of flowers, remembrances may be made to: the Yiddish Book Center, 1021 West Street, Amherst, MA 01002. Levine Chapels, Brookline, 617-277-8300. www.levine chapel.com 1/3 YOSPIN--Tobias, of Roslyn, NY, Brooklyn born and bred, on December 31, 2015, at age 96. Beloved husband of the late Audrey (Kreinik) Yospin. Loving father of Richard Yospin, and the late Marjorie Yospin Newman. Adoring grandfather of Matthew, Gabriel and Sarina Yospin, and Eric and David Newman. Dear brother of Elaine Melnikoff and Thelma Kanig. Graduate of City College, and NYU Dental School; emeritus professor, City University of New York; painter and sculptor; lifetime tennis player, golfer and swimmer; passionate classical music listener; together with Audrey, world traveler. Graveside services at Beth Moses Cemetery, 1500 Wellwood Ave., West Babylon, NY 11704, on Monday, January 4 at 1pm. Memorial Observance at the home of Joan and Richard Yospin, Wednesday, January 6, 2016. In lieu of flowers, remembrances may be made to: the Yiddish Book Center, 1021 West Street, Amherst, MA 01002. Levine Chapels, Brookline, 617-277-8300. www.levine chapel.com 1/3 

TRYFOROS--Nicholas James, July 27, 1923-December 31, 2015. Nicholas James Tryforos, son of James and Garufa, was the youngest and last survivor of thirteen children. In explaining why "Mama and Papa had thirteen children, not twelve or fourteen" Nick said, "When I was born, papa picked me up, checked me out, and said 'Mama! FINALLY a perfect baby.'" A lifelong New Yorker, he was a proud graduate of The Greek American Institute, Theodore Roosevelt High School and New York University. He served in the Army in WWII. After basic training, the Army sent him to language school to become a Hindustani interpreter. He received horse cavalry and military intelligence training, and then served in the Philippines and in General MacArthur's headquarters in Tokyo during the occupation of Japan. Nick used his Hindustani skills for the rest of his life to surprise and delight both friends and complete strangers from India. After returning from Japan Nick worked for 15 years in the family flower and novelty business, then had a 25-year career with the IRS, retiring in 1986 as a Group Manager, supervising large corporation tax audits. Amateur gymnast, superb photographer, family documenter and archivist, Nick was the favorite uncle of many and worked hard to make and cultivate relationships with family and friends. He collected any piece of junk that could potentially serve a future purpose, taught his children the value of a dollar and the importance of grunt labor, and was the original tiger mom and DIY guy. He was the resident teaser (while being wheeled to major surgery with four children at home, Nick whispered to his wife "don't worry dear, as long as we have our health!") and an inveterate joke teller ("Have you heard the one about the skeleton that walked into a bar..."). Nick delighted in meeting his children's friends, showing them photos related (and unrelated!) to their discussion, and always enjoyed giving them another tour of the garage! Nick was quietly proud of everyone in his family, and his family was very fortunate to have him. He leaves behind his dear wife of 63 years and best friend Mary, and his children, Margaret and her husband Paul, Jim and his wife Sue, Tom, and Tina and her husband David. He also leaves his grandchildren, Peter, Evan, Kate and her husband Pat, John, Lucas, Eva, and Eli, and great-grandson Theo. Within minutes of Nick's passing, his second great-grandson, Grant, was born. Visitation will be held from 6 to 9pm Monday, January 4th at Frederick Funeral Home in Flushing, and funeral services at 11:30am Tuesday at St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Church in Flushing. In lieu of flowers, donations can be sent to SmileTrain.com, DoctorsWithoutBorders.com or World Vision In Support of Syrian Refugees. 1/3 TRYFOROS--Nicholas James, July 27, 1923-December 31, 2015. Nicholas James Tryforos, son of James and Garufa, was the youngest and last survivor of thirteen children. In explaining why "Mama and Papa had thirteen children, not twelve or fourteen" Nick said, "When I was born, papa picked me up, checked me out, and said 'Mama! FINALLY a perfect baby.'" A lifelong New Yorker, he was a proud graduate of The Greek American Institute, Theodore Roosevelt High School and New York University. He served in the Army in WWII. After basic training, the Army sent him to language school to become a Hindustani interpreter. He received horse cavalry and military intelligence training, and then served in the Philippines and in General MacArthur's headquarters in Tokyo during the occupation of Japan. Nick used his Hindustani skills for the rest of his life to surprise and delight both friends and complete strangers from India. After returning from Japan Nick worked for 15 years in the family flower and novelty business, then had a 25-year career with the IRS, retiring in 1986 as a Group Manager, supervising large corporation tax audits. Amateur gymnast, superb photographer, family documenter and archivist, Nick was the favorite uncle of many and worked hard to make and cultivate relationships with family and friends. He collected any piece of junk that could potentially serve a future purpose, taught his children the value of a dollar and the importance of grunt labor, and was the original tiger mom and DIY guy. He was the resident teaser (while being wheeled to major surgery with four children at home, Nick whispered to his wife "don't worry dear, as long as we have our health!") and an inveterate joke teller ("Have you heard the one about the skeleton that walked into a bar..."). Nick delighted in meeting his children's friends, showing them photos related (and unrelated!) to their discussion, and always enjoyed giving them another tour of the garage! Nick was quietly proud of everyone in his family, and his family was very fortunate to have him. He leaves behind his dear wife of 63 years and best friend Mary, and his children, Margaret and her husband Paul, Jim and his wife Sue, Tom, and Tina and her husband David. He also leaves his grandchildren, Peter, Evan, Kate and her husband Pat, John, Lucas, Eva, and Eli, and great-grandson Theo. Within minutes of Nick's passing, his second great-grandson, Grant, was born. Visitation will be held from 6 to 9pm Monday, January 4th at Frederick Funeral Home in Flushing, and funeral services at 11:30am Tuesday at St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Church in Flushing. In lieu of flowers, donations can be sent to SmileTrain.com, DoctorsWithoutBorders.com or World Vision In Support of Syrian Refugees. 1/3 

RUBINSTEIN--Sabena. Bnai Zion mourns the loss of Sabena Rubinstein, former president of the New York Region, and second generation supporter of Bnai Zion. Sabena was the daughter of former National Vice President, Anna Gelman and her husband Nat, who were all longtime supporters of the Bnai Zion Medical Center in Haifa. Our heartfelt condolences go out to her husband Sergio, and may the entire family be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. George W. Schaeffer, Chairman of the Board David H. Eisenberg, National President Cheryl Bier, Executive Vice President 1/3 RUBINSTEIN--Sabena. Bnai Zion mourns the loss of Sabena Rubinstein, former president of the New York Region, and second generation supporter of Bnai Zion. Sabena was the daughter of former National Vice President, Anna Gelman and her husband Nat, who were all longtime supporters of the Bnai Zion Medical Center in Haifa. Our heartfelt condolences go out to her husband Sergio, and may the entire family be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. George W. Schaeffer, Chairman of the Board David H. Eisenberg, National President Cheryl Bier, Executive Vice President 1/3 

DOSHI--Shrenik Ramaniklal. After a struggle with leukemia, Shrenik Ramaniklal Doshi passed away in New York, NY on Friday, January 1, 2016. He was 71 years old. As president of Jewelex New York, he was a pioneer in the diamond industry. His charisma, generosity, and compassion drew many friends who will miss him dearly. He leaves behind a loving family that will carry on his tradition of exceptional philanthropy. He is survived by his wife, Rupa Doshi and his son and daughter-in-law, Nirav and Alma Doshi. 1/3 DOSHI--Shrenik Ramaniklal. After a struggle with leukemia, Shrenik Ramaniklal Doshi passed away in New York, NY on Friday, January 1, 2016. He was 71 years old. As president of Jewelex New York, he was a pioneer in the diamond industry. His charisma, generosity, and compassion drew many friends who will miss him dearly. He leaves behind a loving family that will carry on his tradition of exceptional philanthropy. He is survived by his wife, Rupa Doshi and his son and daughter-in-law, Nirav and Alma Doshi. 1/3 

The victims, a man and a woman, were found in an apartment in a public housing complex in Brooklyn, and the police were talking to a 15-year-old girl about the episode. The victims, a man and a woman, were found in an apartment in a public housing complex in Brooklyn, and the police were talking to a 15-year-old girl about the episode. New York City police say bodies of man and woman were found in blood-spattered apartment in public housing complex in Sheepshead Bay area of Brooklyn; investigation into deaths is ongoing.

Memphis will play two games that could mark a turning point in its season. Memphis will play two games that could mark a turning point in its season. 

사람들이 하루에 꼭 마셔야 하는 물의 양은 사실 과학적으로 정해진 것이 없다. 사람들이 하루에 꼭 마셔야 하는 물의 양은 사실 과학적으로 정해진 것이 없다. 

James Turtein, 36, who was found in cardiac arrest inside his apartment after an early morning fire, was remembered by neighbors as polite and cheerful. James Turtein, 36, who was found in cardiac arrest inside his apartment after an early morning fire, was remembered by neighbors as polite and cheerful. 

Here is what is known about the armed group occupying an Oregon wildlife refuge, and their beliefs and demands. Here is what is known about the armed group occupying an Oregon wildlife refuge, and their beliefs and demands. 

Eighteen months after Wang Hui, a Chinese businessman, bought the Dutch soccer club ADO Den Haag, the team is far from being the powerhouse Wang promised to make it. Eighteen months after Wang Hui, a Chinese businessman, bought the Dutch soccer club ADO Den Haag, the team is far from being the powerhouse Wang promised to make it. Wang Hui, new Chinese owner of Dutch soccer club ADO Den Haag, draws criticism from fans for his apparent loss of interest in team's success and failure to make promised payments.

The Steelers face the Bengals, and the Texans draw the Chiefs in the A.F.C. In the N.F.C., the Packers travel to Washington, and the Vikings host the Seahawks. The Steelers face the Bengals, and the Texans draw the Chiefs in the A.F.C. In the N.F.C., the Packers travel to Washington, and the Vikings host the Seahawks. 

The police at first said there was “no apparent trauma” in the death of Joceline Romo, 19, before the medical examiner’s office ruled it was a homicide. The police at first said there was “no apparent trauma” in the death of Joceline Romo, 19, before the medical examiner’s office ruled it was a homicide. New York City Police say Joceline Romo of Queens was killed on New Year's Day, first homicide in city in 2016.

Ford Center at the Star in Frisco, Tex., will house the team’s headquarters, training center, offices and a 12,000-seat indoor stadium that will be shared with area high schools. Ford Center at the Star in Frisco, Tex., will house the team’s headquarters, training center, offices and a 12,000-seat indoor stadium that will be shared with area high schools. Ford Center at the Star, new Dallas Cowboys headquarters in Frisco, Tex, will include training facility, practice fields, offices and indoor stadium that will be shared with eight local high schools; project, which also includes entertainment and retail district, is being built by Blue Star Land, development company owned by family of team's owner Jerry Jones.

A Brooklyn man was managing schizophrenia despite a diagnosis at 13. But he continued to struggle with depression, giving up on his education until a chance encounter. A Brooklyn man was managing schizophrenia despite a diagnosis at 13. But he continued to struggle with depression, giving up on his education until a chance encounter. Brooklyn Community Services, one of seven agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, helps Thomas Torres pay for driving lessons so that he can obtain license.

The Jets&#8217; season-ending loss raised as many questions as the last part of the season had seemed to answer. The Jets&#8217; season-ending loss raised as many questions as the last part of the season had seemed to answer. William C Rhoden Sports of The Times column holds New York Jets season-ending loss to Buffalo Bills revives debate over who should be starting quarterback next season; notes 11-year veteran Ryan Fitzpatrick threw three interceptions and looked confused throughout game.

Mr. Holm studied creole and pidgin languages spoken by millions of people around the world, especially the English-derived creoles of the Caribbean. Mr. Holm studied creole and pidgin languages spoken by millions of people around the world, especially the English-derived creoles of the Caribbean. John Holm, accomplished linguist whose studies into creole and pidgin helped create new sub-field in linguistics, dies at age 72.

After freedom from France, Mr. A&#239;t-Ahmed remained an influential figure in Algerian politics, pushing for democracy and opposing successive governments. After freedom from France, Mr. A&#239;t-Ahmed remained an influential figure in Algerian politics, pushing for democracy and opposing successive governments. Hocine Ait-Ahmed, Algerian revolutionary who led 1954 independence war against France and opposed subsequent Algerian governments run by military, dies at age 89.

Both teams&#8217; previous elimination from playoff contention made for an unusual game where Philadelphia wanted to show it could run its offense and the Giants aimed to win another game for Coach Tom Coughlin. Both teams&#8217; previous elimination from playoff contention made for an unusual game where Philadelphia wanted to show it could run its offense and the Giants aimed to win another game for Coach Tom Coughlin. New York Giants fail to win one last game for coach Tom Coughlin, who has not announced his retirement but could soon leave, while Philadelphia Eagles hold on to give interim coach Pat Shurmur his first win.

The Islanders beat the N.H.L.-best Dallas Stars on Sunday. Anders Lee had a goal and an assist, and Mikhail Grabovski also scored to help the Islanders win for the fourth time in six games. The Islanders beat the N.H.L.-best Dallas Stars on Sunday. Anders Lee had a goal and an assist, and Mikhail Grabovski also scored to help the Islanders win for the fourth time in six games. NHL Roundup; New York Islanders defeat Dallas Stars, 6-5; other hockey scores noted.

At the American Economic Association&#8217;s annual meeting, what was once mainly an issue among players on the margins of the profession is taking center stage. At the American Economic Association&#8217;s annual meeting, what was once mainly an issue among players on the margins of the profession is taking center stage. New research presented at annual meeting of American Economic Association offers fresh perspectives on growth of income inequality and how it is changing national and global economy; top one-quarter of 1 percent of country's employed population have had huge gains in income and wealth in recent decades.

Notre Dame&#8217;s Muffett McGraw became the fifth coach to have 800 wins in men&#8217;s or women&#8217;s Division I, seven Final Four trips and five championship-game appearances. Notre Dame&#8217;s Muffett McGraw became the fifth coach to have 800 wins in men&#8217;s or women&#8217;s Division I, seven Final Four trips and five championship-game appearances. College Basketball Roundup; Notre Dame women's basketball team defeats Pittsburgh, 65-55, in 800th win for coach Muffet McGraw; other women's and men's scores noted.

Angus’ Cafe Bistro, a restaurant on West 44th Street, attracted stars and producers of ‘The Producers’ as investors and patrons. Angus’ Cafe Bistro, a restaurant on West 44th Street, attracted stars and producers of ‘The Producers’ as investors and patrons. Regular patrons of Angus's Cafe and Bistro on West 44th Street gather to celebrate restaurant on its last night; restaurant has served theater producers and performers for 14 years, and is being shut down due to failure of owner Angus McIndoe to reach agreement with landlord that would keep restaurant open.

Manning replaced a struggling Brock Osweiler and helped Denver defeat the Chargers. Manning replaced a struggling Brock Osweiler and helped Denver defeat the Chargers. Denver Broncos defeat San Diego Chargers, 27-20, to win No 1 seed in AFC and seal first-round bye and home field advantage in playoffs.

Squeezed out by high rents and e-commerce, the last holdout on this segment of West 48th Street closed its doors in December. Squeezed out by high rents and e-commerce, the last holdout on this segment of West 48th Street closed its doors in December. Closure of Alex Carozza's accordion store on West 48th Street in Manhattan marks end of block that was long known as Music Row.

Butler broke Michael Jordan&#8217;s team record for points in a half, scoring 40 of his 42 after the break to lead Chicago over the Toronto Raptors, 115-113, on Sunday. Butler broke Michael Jordan&#8217;s team record for points in a half, scoring 40 of his 42 after the break to lead Chicago over the Toronto Raptors, 115-113, on Sunday. NBA Roundup; Chicago Bulls defeat Toronto Raptors, 115-113; other basketball scores and news noted.

President Obama is the first president to publish visitor logs of the journalists who attend off-the-record discussions meant to promote context and candor. President Obama is the first president to publish visitor logs of the journalists who attend off-the-record discussions meant to promote context and candor. White House Letter; Pres Obama makes history as the first president to publish visitor logs of journalists who attended secret presidential briefings over the course of his two terms in office; held with number of prominent columnists, sessions, at least 12 in number, were off the record and were intended to help contextualize administrative decisions in effort to stave off speculative social media postings. 

Quiet, huge transactions include selling a $400 million stake in Manchester City soccer team&#8217;s parent to China Media. Quiet, huge transactions include selling a $400 million stake in Manchester City soccer team&#8217;s parent to China Media. Merchant bank Raine Group has become top player in media and telecommunications deals during six years of its existence; founders Joseph Ravitch and Jeffrey Sine are veteran investment bankers.

The Girl Scouts of the U.S.A. permitted web sales of cookies for the first time in 2015, and Visa and Dell are investing an estimated $3 million this year to help improve the platform. The Girl Scouts of the U.S.A. permitted web sales of cookies for the first time in 2015, and Visa and Dell are investing an estimated $3 million this year to help improve the platform. Advertising column; Girl Scouts of the USA says 2.5 million boxes of cookies, or $10 million worth, were sold online in 2015, out of 194 million; Visa and Dell are investing $3 million to update its digital cookie platform.

By moving away from ratings stunts and tired content, Rich Ross has managed to help lift the TV network’s viewership and nab a sought-after demographic. By moving away from ratings stunts and tired content, Rich Ross has managed to help lift the TV network’s viewership and nab a sought-after demographic. Discovery Communications has witnessed comeback of its Discovery Channel under leadership of former Disney executive Rich Ross; has begun developing shows of more diverse and higher quality, with ratings up 12 percent over past year.

The Patriots quarterback threw a season-low 21 passes, completing 12, and was held without a touchdown pass for the first time this season. The Patriots quarterback threw a season-low 21 passes, completing 12, and was held without a touchdown pass for the first time this season. NFL Roundup; New England patriots fail to earn No 1 seed in AFC playoffs after losing to Miami Dolphins, 20-10; other football news noted.

In a vote by a far-left party’s political committee, the leader of the region, Artur Mas, failed to gain the necessary support to remain in office. In a vote by a far-left party’s political committee, the leader of the region, Artur Mas, failed to gain the necessary support to remain in office. Catalonia’s Popular Unity Candidacy party votes against keeping Artur Mas as head of region and Catalan secessionist movement from Spain; nay vote means Catalonia may have to hold new regional elections.  

The quest for a crisp head of lettuce has opened the door to two start-ups with starkly different visions for growing fresh produce in a frozen state. The quest for a crisp head of lettuce has opened the door to two start-ups with starkly different visions for growing fresh produce in a frozen state. Alaskan companies Alaska Natural Organics and Vertical Harvest Hydroponics offer innovative ways to grow produce year round, despite state's harsh and extreme weather conditions, in efforts to improve quality of fresh fruits and vegetables available to residents and make them far more affordable. 

This week, automakers are expected to post big gains, the Federal Reserve will publish an official account of its December meeting and the Labor Department will report on hiring and unemployment. This week, automakers are expected to post big gains, the Federal Reserve will publish an official account of its December meeting and the Labor Department will report on hiring and unemployment. 

The police said they had little information in the disappearance of a plaster sculpture that has been missing from the Kankakee County Museum since at least Dec. 11. The police said they had little information in the disappearance of a plaster sculpture that has been missing from the Kankakee County Museum since at least Dec. 11. Plaster study of one of Abraham Lincoln's hands by sculptor George Grey Barnard is stolen from  Kankakee County Museum in Illinois, where it has been on display for over two decades; hand has been missing since at least Dec 11 and local police investigation has yet to yield any suspects. 

The embrace of secularism, feminism and gay rights in the cafes and bars of this cosmopolitan city is creating a counterpoint to Israeli Arabs’ traditional conservatism. The embrace of secularism, feminism and gay rights in the cafes and bars of this cosmopolitan city is creating a counterpoint to Israeli Arabs’ traditional conservatism. Haifa Journal; Israel's port city of Haifa has emerged as liberal haven for young, educated and affluent Palestinians who are seeking to escape religious and cultural constraints of conservative Arab community life.

Afflalo took the game&#8217;s first shot, a jumper, and hit it, going on to finish 7 of 8 from 3-point range and 14 of 17 from the field on an afternoon when Carmelo Anthony struggled. Afflalo took the game&#8217;s first shot, a jumper, and hit it, going on to finish 7 of 8 from 3-point range and 14 of 17 from the field on an afternoon when Carmelo Anthony struggled. New York Knicks defeat Atlanta Hawks, 111-97.

In his new book, the British naturalist writes about how plants are aware of their environment in a way we have yet to comprehend. In his new book, the British naturalist writes about how plants are aware of their environment in a way we have yet to comprehend. Constance Casey reviews book The Cabaret of Plants: Forty Thousand Years of Plant Life and the Human Imagination by Richard Mabey. 

Ms. Anderson will also present part of her film “Heart of a Dog” at the Midnight Moment series on Monday. Ms. Anderson will also present part of her film “Heart of a Dog” at the Midnight Moment series on Monday. Laurie Anderson will perform concert of low-frequency music for audience of dogs in Times Square as part of Midnight Moment series; three-minute version of her documentary Heart of a Dog will also be screened on nearby billboards.

Hispanics receive increased network exposure on these two new comedies, but the shows don’t take many chances. Hispanics receive increased network exposure on these two new comedies, but the shows don’t take many chances. Neil Genzlinger reviews NBC comedy shows Superstore and Telenovela. 

As the federal government is again rethinking the Dietary Guidelines for Americans, there’s fresh debate over just what makes a healthy diet. As the federal government is again rethinking the Dietary Guidelines for Americans, there’s fresh debate over just what makes a healthy diet. 

At 28, the busy Mr. Brightman has found his signature role as loutish, lovable teacher in this play based on the 2003 hit movie. At 28, the busy Mr. Brightman has found his signature role as loutish, lovable teacher in this play based on the 2003 hit movie. Profile of Alex Brightman, lead actor in Broadway musical School of Rock. 

The movie, the basis of a possible series, dramatizes the year 1990, when rap music was suspended between its gritty urban roots and mainstream acceptance. The movie, the basis of a possible series, dramatizes the year 1990, when rap music was suspended between its gritty urban roots and mainstream acceptance. VH1 television movie The Breaks explores rise of hip-hop music in 1990; period piece, which could be basis for continuing television series, highlights era in which genre was beginning to move from subculture to mainstream. 

The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week. The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week. 

The Guojiang Subtitle Group brings together about 70 volunteers from across the country to produce Chinese subtitles, including for the presidential debates. The Guojiang Subtitle Group brings together about 70 volunteers from across the country to produce Chinese subtitles, including for the presidential debates. Chinese appear enthralled by American presidential debates as videos with Chinese subtitles generate millions of views; translated videos, made courtesy of volunteer organization Guojiang Subtitle Group, also generate comments indicating that Chinese perceive debates as exciting form of reality television. 

A third-quarter turnover proved devastating for the Giants in what might have been Coughlin’s final game after 12 seasons as the team’s coach. A third-quarter turnover proved devastating for the Giants in what might have been Coughlin’s final game after 12 seasons as the team’s coach. Philadelphia Eagles defeat New York Giants, 35-30.

Pittsburgh receiver Antonio Brown finished the season with 136 receptions and 1,834 yards, just short of the all-time records. Pittsburgh receiver Antonio Brown finished the season with 136 receptions and 1,834 yards, just short of the all-time records. 

Ryan Fitzpatrick threw three fourth-quarter interceptions to seal a Jets loss that, coupled with a Steelers win, ensured a wild-card berth for Pittsburgh. Ryan Fitzpatrick threw three fourth-quarter interceptions to seal a Jets loss that, coupled with a Steelers win, ensured a wild-card berth for Pittsburgh. Buffalo Bills defeat New York Jets, 22-17.

With tens of millions of dollars in contributions to spend, groups are looking to toughen state and local measures in ways that the Republican-led Congress has rejected on the federal level. With tens of millions of dollars in contributions to spend, groups are looking to toughen state and local measures in ways that the Republican-led Congress has rejected on the federal level. Gun control advocates have won victories in number of states, including Connecticut and Delaware, backed by tens of millions of dollars donated to cause by backers like former New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg; combined with Pres Obama's expected use of executive authority to stem gun violence, gun control advocacy has gained new momentum in part due to shift in strategy away from trying to pass measures through Republican-held Congress.

The executive order, which requires local authorities to remove homeless people from the streets when temperatures fall to 32 degrees, is likely to raise legal concerns and practical questions. The executive order, which requires local authorities to remove homeless people from the streets when temperatures fall to 32 degrees, is likely to raise legal concerns and practical questions. New York Gov Andrew M Cuomo signs executive order that requires local governments, including New York City, to put homeless people on streets in shelter when temperatures are freezing; order allows for use of force if necessary.

Nearly a dozen people have been killed in fighting between armed gunmen and Indian security forces at the base near India’s border with Pakistan. No group has claimed responsibility for the attack yet. Nearly a dozen people have been killed in fighting between armed gunmen and Indian security forces at the base near India’s border with Pakistan. No group has claimed responsibility for the attack yet. Indian security forces enter second day of fighting with gunmen at Pathankot air force base in Punjab near Pakistani border; standoff has claimed lives of seven Indian personnel and four gunmen, and left about 20 wounded so far; no group has yet claimed responsibility for attack. 

Contributions to entities that are not required to disclose their donors topped more than $300 million in the 2012 presidential race, and some experts believe that the levels may be far higher this time. Contributions to entities that are not required to disclose their donors topped more than $300 million in the 2012 presidential race, and some experts believe that the levels may be far higher this time. 

The occupiers are protesting the government’s treatment of two ranchers ordered to report again to prison for arsons in 2001 and 2006. The occupiers are protesting the government’s treatment of two ranchers ordered to report again to prison for arsons in 2001 and 2006. Armed, antigovernment protesters seize empty administrative buildings of Malheur National Wildlife Refuge near Burns, Ore, vowing indefinite occupation; group, led by Ammon E Bundy, is supporting rancher Dwight L Hammond and his son Steven D Hammond, sentenced to prison for arson on federal lands; Bundy family became symbol of antigovernment sentiment in 2014 with standoff between armed local antigovernment activists and federal officials attempting to take cattle grazing illegally on federal property in Nevada. 

Here is a primer on the differences between the two branches of Islam. Here is a primer on the differences between the two branches of Islam. Q&A provides brief history of Sunni and Shia Islam, including major differences between the sects. 

The newspaper made a plea for volunteers after subscriber complaints about a new home delivery vendor. The newspaper made a plea for volunteers after subscriber complaints about a new home delivery vendor. Several hundred Boston Globe employees work through night to help deliver Sunday newspapers to subscribers upset over delivery problems.

Last year generated $4.7 trillion in announced deals, but it was also characterized by dozens of complex and creative financial structures. Last year generated $4.7 trillion in announced deals, but it was also characterized by dozens of complex and creative financial structures. Thomson Reuters reports 2015 was record year for mergers and acquisitions, with $4.7 trillion in announced deals, and highest percentage ever of deals worth more than $5 billion; report highlights dozens of complicated and creative agreements. 

Manziel was not scheduled to play this week against the Steelers because of a concussion but was reportedly seen in Las Vegas on Saturday night. Manziel was not scheduled to play this week against the Steelers because of a concussion but was reportedly seen in Las Vegas on Saturday night. 

Joanna C. Lee and her husband, Ken Smith, the publishers of the Pocket Chinese Almanac, say this year’s version warns of unpredictable climates and unusual circumstances. Joanna C. Lee and her husband, Ken Smith, the publishers of the Pocket Chinese Almanac, say this year’s version warns of unpredictable climates and unusual circumstances. Grace Notes column; Joanna C Lee and her husband Ken Smith have published the Pocket Chinese Almanac since 2010, English translation of predictions made by Hong Kong geomancer Warwick Wong and inspired by Chinese-language almanac; Lee and Smith say predictions in book suggest prognosis for 2016 is not great.

His campaign has assembled an extensive effort for the crucial Feb. 1 caucuses, with 100 paid staff members and volunteer leaders. His campaign has assembled an extensive effort for the crucial Feb. 1 caucuses, with 100 paid staff members and volunteer leaders. Sen Bernie Sanders's presidential campaign has established extensive ground game in Iowa, where it hopes to turn out tens of thousands of grass-roots supporters in order to secure victory that will confirm his candidacy as viable; Hillary Clinton's campaign also hopes to prevail in state, for most part to avoid recalling her third place finish in 2008 caucuses, which Barack Obama won.

The case against James Burke, who is accused of beating a suspected thief and trying to cover it up, suggests investigators are examining a political machine’s hold over the local criminal justice system. The case against James Burke, who is accused of beating a suspected thief and trying to cover it up, suggests investigators are examining a political machine’s hold over the local criminal justice system. Federal indictment of Suffolk County Police Chief James Burke accuses him of violating civil rights of thief who stole bag from Burke's car in 2012, and of trying to cover up violation by persuading his officers to lie about episode; case comes even as broader federal investigation is under way regarding county's political machines and its influence on local criminal justice system; investigators believe Burke and county Dist Atty Thomas J Spota used their offices to consolidate their power.

Japan’s prime minister supported an apology to the Korean “comfort women” who were forced to serve as sex slaves for Japan’s Imperial Army. Japan’s prime minister supported an apology to the Korean “comfort women” who were forced to serve as sex slaves for Japan’s Imperial Army. 

The hourlong event will be televised on CNN, and will come days after President Obama meets with the attorney general to discuss gun control. The hourlong event will be televised on CNN, and will come days after President Obama meets with the attorney general to discuss gun control. White House announces plans for town-hall-style meeting, at which Pres Obama and Atty Gen Loretta E Lynch will discuss gun violence in America, nation's need for increased gun control, and administration's stepped-up counterterrorism efforts; hour-long event, which will take place at George Mason University in Washington, DC, will be broadcast on CNN. 

Amiram Ben-Uliel was charged with murder, and a minor who was not named was charged with conspiracy in the arson attack, which killed a Palestinian toddler and his parents. Amiram Ben-Uliel was charged with murder, and a minor who was not named was charged with conspiracy in the arson attack, which killed a Palestinian toddler and his parents. Israeli authorities charge Amiram Ben-Uliel and unnamed minor with American citizenship for July arson attack on Palestinian home in Duma, West Bank which killed three members of Dawabsheh family; lawyers representing accused say Israeli domestic security agency Shin Bet coerced clients into confessing but agency denies claim saying strong methods were needed in order to ascertain guilt. 

Saudi Arabia gave Iranian diplomats 48 hours to leave the kingdom as the two powers exchanged heated words after the Saudis executed a prominent Shiite cleric. Saudi Arabia gave Iranian diplomats 48 hours to leave the kingdom as the two powers exchanged heated words after the Saudis executed a prominent Shiite cleric. Saudi Arabia cuts diplomatic relations with Iran and tells Iranian diplomats to leave kingdom in 48 hours; move comes in wake of harsh criticism made by Iranian officials of Saudi execution of Shiite cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, which led to storming of Saudi Embassy in Tehran by protesters.

Expensive premiums and high deductibles for policies sold under the Affordable Care Act make tax penalties the preferred option for some resisters. Expensive premiums and high deductibles for policies sold under the Affordable Care Act make tax penalties the preferred option for some resisters. Many of over 10 million Americans who are eligible to buy health insurance through Affordable Care Act's insurance exchanges have yet to make commitment, believing it cheaper to pay government fine than to pay for coverage; while number of uninsured has continued to drop, which suggests threat of fine has been sufficient for some, healthy number of holdouts underscores concerns in insurance industry over financial viability of exchanges over time.

The ride-hailing company has retreated from several German cities. Its withdrawal from Frankfurt offers a case study of what went wrong. The ride-hailing company has retreated from several German cities. Its withdrawal from Frankfurt offers a case study of what went wrong. Uber closed its Frankfurt, Germany, office in November after 18 months of operation, due in part to efforts of local taxi drivers who refused to work with ride-hailing service; closure is one of many across Europe in recent months; service is valued at $62.5 billion.

With a 2-0 win against Liverpool on Saturday, West Ham completed its first home and away sweep of Liverpool in 52 years. With a 2-0 win against Liverpool on Saturday, West Ham completed its first home and away sweep of Liverpool in 52 years. 

The European Union has wasted so much taxpayer money on bailing out banks in recent years that it is right to try to get investors to help foot the bill. The European Union has wasted so much taxpayer money on bailing out banks in recent years that it is right to try to get investors to help foot the bill. 

The “Downton Abbey” creator’s novel will be released in 10 weekly installments via an app, testing the potential of “appointment reading.” The “Downton Abbey” creator’s novel will be released in 10 weekly installments via an app, testing the potential of “appointment reading.” Latest Julian Fellowes novel Belgravia will be released in weekly digital installments through mobile app.

Daniela Riccardi is chief executive of Baccarat, a manufacturer and retailer of luxury crystal products. Daniela Riccardi is chief executive of Baccarat, a manufacturer and retailer of luxury crystal products. 

Mr. Bumpers, a four-term United States senator, was part of a generation of moderate Southern Democrats to emerge in the late 1960s and ’70s. Mr. Bumpers, a four-term United States senator, was part of a generation of moderate Southern Democrats to emerge in the late 1960s and ’70s. Dale L Bumpers, former governor and four-term senator of Arkansas who came out of retirement to deliver rousing speech in defense of Pres Bill Clinton during 1999 Senate trial, dies at age 90, was proud to have helped his home town Charleston, Ark, to become first community of former Confederacy to integrate public schools in 1950s.

Modern art roared on while old masters and young stars lost value. Modern art roared on while old masters and young stars lost value. Look back at trends in art market throughout 2015; auction sales of modern and figurative art rose while work by old masters and young abstract painters lost value. 

El programa construyó una narrativa sentimental alrededor de sus concursantes, y las presentaciones semanales eran la banda sonora perfecta. El programa construyó una narrativa sentimental alrededor de sus concursantes, y las presentaciones semanales eran la banda sonora perfecta. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

New board books include “Good Night!” and “Who Done It?” New board books include “Good Night!” and “Who Done It?” 

 Donald J. Trump said there were questions about whether Ted Cruz, who was born in Canada but whose mother was a United States citizen, was eligible to seek the presidency, Donald J. Trump said there were questions about whether Ted Cruz, who was born in Canada but whose mother was a United States citizen, was eligible to seek the presidency,

With Cuba’s guarded openness to private enterprise grabbing hold, classic American cars and salsa singers now share the cityscape with new and inventive offerings in food, culture and nightlife. With Cuba’s guarded openness to private enterprise grabbing hold, classic American cars and salsa singers now share the cityscape with new and inventive offerings in food, culture and nightlife. 

 Ted Cruz discussed undocumented immigrants and his opposition to subsidies supported by the ethanol industry at a college in Sioux Center and in a news conference used a Happy Days episode to respond to Donald Trump. Ted Cruz discussed undocumented immigrants and his opposition to subsidies supported by the ethanol industry at a college in Sioux Center and in a news conference used a Happy Days episode to respond to Donald Trump.

 Jules P. Markey makes us look both ways. Jules P. Markey makes us look both ways.

 Capping two days of events across Iowa, Mrs. Clinton delivered her most direct closing argument yet as she approaches the final weeks of campaigning before the state’s Feb. 1 caucuses. Capping two days of events across Iowa, Mrs. Clinton delivered her most direct closing argument yet as she approaches the final weeks of campaigning before the state’s Feb. 1 caucuses.

Looking for a different narrative in a conflict-torn region, Natalie Keyssar looked at the lives of young people in Goma in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo. Looking for a different narrative in a conflict-torn region, Natalie Keyssar looked at the lives of young people in Goma in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo. 

 The armed protesters in Oregon are acting on an idea of property that is intellectually bankrupt. The armed protesters in Oregon are acting on an idea of property that is intellectually bankrupt.

She is among an exclusive group of photographers, including Chuck Close and William Wegman, to spend long periods with the 20-inch-by-24-inch Polaroid camera. She is among an exclusive group of photographers, including Chuck Close and William Wegman, to spend long periods with the 20-inch-by-24-inch Polaroid camera. 

 Hillary Clinton held a town-hall-style meeting in Sioux City, Iowa, on Tuesday, the second day of a two-day swing through the state before the Iowa caucuses on Feb. 1. Hillary Clinton held a town-hall-style meeting in Sioux City, Iowa, on Tuesday, the second day of a two-day swing through the state before the Iowa caucuses on Feb. 1.

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

 Ted Cruz indirectly links one of his most prominent supporters to Superman, through pajamas. Ted Cruz indirectly links one of his most prominent supporters to Superman, through pajamas.

This recipe for a Kombucha-based elixir, from the new Naturopathica Chelsea outpost, includes ginger, lemongrass — and horseradish and cayenne. This recipe for a Kombucha-based elixir, from the new Naturopathica Chelsea outpost, includes ginger, lemongrass — and horseradish and cayenne. 

 The institute is to break ground on a new four-building complex in May with help from a $500,000 Empire State Development grant. The institute is to break ground on a new four-building complex in May with help from a $500,000 Empire State Development grant.

Terry L. Nichols, the convicted Oklahoma City bombing co-conspirator, purportedly wrote to the inmate Gregory Scarpa Jr. in 2010 describing where explosives were hidden in Mr. Nichols’s old house. The Federal Bureau of Investigation, which had searched the house multiple times, found the explosives after Mr. Scarpa’s tip. Terry L. Nichols, the convicted Oklahoma City bombing co-conspirator, purportedly wrote to the inmate Gregory Scarpa Jr. in 2010 describing where explosives were hidden in Mr. Nichols’s old house. The Federal Bureau of Investigation, which had searched the house multiple times, found the explosives after Mr. Scarpa’s tip. 

 Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Richard Pérez-Peña, Mike Isaac and others. Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Richard Pérez-Peña, Mike Isaac and others.

 Why do small things inspire white rage? Why do small things inspire white rage?

 Photos from the United States, Afghanistan, Turkey and Indonesia. Photos from the United States, Afghanistan, Turkey and Indonesia.

The United States and Elsewhere: Pictures of the Day The United States and Elsewhere: Pictures of the Day 

 A good overview from Martin Sandbu. A good overview from Martin Sandbu.

 Twitter is experimenting with introducing a longer form of tweet, in what would be a change to its longtime 140-character limit. Twitter is experimenting with introducing a longer form of tweet, in what would be a change to its longtime 140-character limit.

Zackary Drucker, a Los Angeles-based artist and co-producer for the Golden Globe-nominated series “Transparent,” explains her beloved porch feline. Zackary Drucker, a Los Angeles-based artist and co-producer for the Golden Globe-nominated series “Transparent,” explains her beloved porch feline. 

 An online lottery for $10 tickets to ‘Hamilton’ caused the website to crash on Tuesday. An online lottery for $10 tickets to ‘Hamilton’ caused the website to crash on Tuesday.

A whole roasted cauliflower behaves very much like a roast of meat, in the oven and on the table. A whole roasted cauliflower behaves very much like a roast of meat, in the oven and on the table. 

 The saxophonist’s management says the show will rescheduled for early spring. The saxophonist’s management says the show will rescheduled for early spring.

 A response to a Catholic academic’s argument about how the church might change. A response to a Catholic academic’s argument about how the church might change.

Online polling deepens examination into health care costs: news surveys editor John M. Broder explains. Online polling deepens examination into health care costs: news surveys editor John M. Broder explains. 

 Mr. Trump will answer a question from a reader during his visit to the editorial board on Wednesday. Mr. Trump will answer a question from a reader during his visit to the editorial board on Wednesday.

 “We’re not just playing Coachella,” Mr. Murphy writes, addressing fans who might feel a sense of “betrayal” by the band’s false ending nearly five years ago. “We’re not just playing Coachella,” Mr. Murphy writes, addressing fans who might feel a sense of “betrayal” by the band’s false ending nearly five years ago.

Ken Griffey Jr. is a lock to be elected to the Hall of Fame this week, but the other first-time candidates also created fascinating moments, with big hits and catches — as well as drops. Ken Griffey Jr. is a lock to be elected to the Hall of Fame this week, but the other first-time candidates also created fascinating moments, with big hits and catches — as well as drops. 

Men’s clothing and accessories from across the Pacific. Men’s clothing and accessories from across the Pacific. 

 Ted Cruz finds a supporter with a sense of history, and humor. Ted Cruz finds a supporter with a sense of history, and humor.

 Monuments including Nero’s Golden Palace in Rome are to be restored, and security is to be increased at museums. Monuments including Nero’s Golden Palace in Rome are to be restored, and security is to be increased at museums.

 In a collaboration with Benjamin Millepied’s L.A. Dance Project, Gerard and Kelly explore themes of queer intimacy “within the legacies of modernist architecture.” In a collaboration with Benjamin Millepied’s L.A. Dance Project, Gerard and Kelly explore themes of queer intimacy “within the legacies of modernist architecture.”

 A physical therapist describes the powerful bonds she formed with the wounded veterans and her fellow physical and occupational therapists at the Walter Reed Army Medical Center. A physical therapist describes the powerful bonds she formed with the wounded veterans and her fellow physical and occupational therapists at the Walter Reed Army Medical Center.

Azlee’s Electric collection comes to Dover Street Market New York this week. Azlee’s Electric collection comes to Dover Street Market New York this week. 

 The singer was arrested after an incident Monday evening on the Upper East Side. The singer was arrested after an incident Monday evening on the Upper East Side.

 Is the solution to the armed occupation of a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon a mass birdathon this spring? Is the solution to the armed occupation of a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon a mass birdathon this spring?

The musician is banning bad habits in the year ahead and sticking to healthier routines — including his daily breakfast smoothies. Here’s his recipe. The musician is banning bad habits in the year ahead and sticking to healthier routines — including his daily breakfast smoothies. Here’s his recipe. 

 Gov. Chris Christie, who typically trumpets his law-and-order credentials as a former federal prosecutor to prove his toughness to voters, used unusually soft language and conveyed empathy as he dealt with a question about the Black Lives Matter movement. Gov. Chris Christie, who typically trumpets his law-and-order credentials as a former federal prosecutor to prove his toughness to voters, used unusually soft language and conveyed empathy as he dealt with a question about the Black Lives Matter movement.

 Attendance at the Louvre and some other Paris museums was down in 2015, with officials citing cancellation of school visits because of the terror attacks in the city. Attendance at the Louvre and some other Paris museums was down in 2015, with officials citing cancellation of school visits because of the terror attacks in the city.

 The Republican Party is one that espouses the virtues of limited government, but this year’s group of presidential candidates is treading carefully as a standoff between authorities and armed antigovernment protesters in Oregon drags on. The Republican Party is one that espouses the virtues of limited government, but this year’s group of presidential candidates is treading carefully as a standoff between authorities and armed antigovernment protesters in Oregon drags on.

 Senator Paul will answer a question from a reader during his visit on Wednesday. Senator Paul will answer a question from a reader during his visit on Wednesday.

 Former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida, who promised to run for president by showing voters his heart, is making an especially personal appeal in New Hampshire, where he plans to discuss his daughter’s struggles with addiction. Former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida, who promised to run for president by showing voters his heart, is making an especially personal appeal in New Hampshire, where he plans to discuss his daughter’s struggles with addiction.

 BlueJay has already spent more than half of his life bouncing from place to place. It’s time to help him land for good. BlueJay has already spent more than half of his life bouncing from place to place. It’s time to help him land for good.

 “I want to build the ESPN of video games,” said Robert A. Kotick, Activision’s chief executive. “I want to build the ESPN of video games,” said Robert A. Kotick, Activision’s chief executive.

 The former president has stops in Cedar Rapids and Dubuque on Thursday, in his first events without Hillary Clinton in Iowa. The former president has stops in Cedar Rapids and Dubuque on Thursday, in his first events without Hillary Clinton in Iowa.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: A plot by Nazis against the United States is discovered by Mexico in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: A plot by Nazis against the United States is discovered by Mexico in 1941.

Recalling a troubled, gritty man who needed affection, and who disappeared one day. Recalling a troubled, gritty man who needed affection, and who disappeared one day. 

Ken Kratz, featured in the popular Netflix documentary, accused the filmmakers of harboring an agenda to portray a convicted murderer as innocent. Ken Kratz, featured in the popular Netflix documentary, accused the filmmakers of harboring an agenda to portray a convicted murderer as innocent. 

 For this week’s roundup of grammar, style and other editing missteps, we bring you the latest After Deadline Quiz. For this week’s roundup of grammar, style and other editing missteps, we bring you the latest After Deadline Quiz.

Two festivals, American Realness and Coil, open downtown; Big Dance offers short pieces; and the Royal Ballet exports a quadruple bill. Two festivals, American Realness and Coil, open downtown; Big Dance offers short pieces; and the Royal Ballet exports a quadruple bill. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Battles between United States troops and the Sioux are fought in 1891. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Battles between United States troops and the Sioux are fought in 1891.

 President Obama will kick off the new year — his final year in office — on Tuesday with executive actions on guns that are already causing a stir on the campaign trail, and Republican candidates wasted no time in denouncing the president’s expected actions as an abuse of power. President Obama will kick off the new year — his final year in office — on Tuesday with executive actions on guns that are already causing a stir on the campaign trail, and Republican candidates wasted no time in denouncing the president’s expected actions as an abuse of power.

 Have you been following this week’s news? Take our quiz to see what you know and to learn more. Have you been following this week’s news? Take our quiz to see what you know and to learn more.

在印度西部，一座绩优跨国公司的工业园正在改变地貌。但在最大的租赁方签署合同3年后，这篇曾用于放牧的土地仍然空置着。 在印度西部，一座绩优跨国公司的工业园正在改变地貌。但在最大的租赁方签署合同3年后，这篇曾用于放牧的土地仍然空置着。 

 Though most Republican candidates have accused President Obama of an abuse of power in his expected executive actions to expand background check requirements for some gun sales, Americans’ feelings about executive actions tend to depend mostly on how they feel about the underlying policies. Though most Republican candidates have accused President Obama of an abuse of power in his expected executive actions to expand background check requirements for some gun sales, Americans’ feelings about executive actions tend to depend mostly on how they feel about the underlying policies.

The British actor Idris Elba is up for two Golden Globe awards this year, for the BBC series “Luther” and the Netflix film “Beasts of No Nation.” He says his role in “Beasts” is his darkest yet. The British actor Idris Elba is up for two Golden Globe awards this year, for the BBC series “Luther” and the Netflix film “Beasts of No Nation.” He says his role in “Beasts” is his darkest yet. 

 I could keep pounding on the patient’s chest, but the tiny Liberian hospital lacked the resources to keep her alive. I could keep pounding on the patient’s chest, but the tiny Liberian hospital lacked the resources to keep her alive.

 Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who often bemoans the influence of “millionaires and billionaires” in America, is expected to call for the breakup of some banks deemed “too big to fail.” Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who often bemoans the influence of “millionaires and billionaires” in America, is expected to call for the breakup of some banks deemed “too big to fail.”

 Mr. Bush, who has declared New Hampshire his “second home,” opens a three-day, seven-event trip through the state. Mr. Bush, who needs a top-tier finish in New Hampshire to revive his stalled campaign, plans on Tuesday to include a discussion about the state’s heroin epidemic and to roll out his drug control strategy. Mr. Bush, who has declared New Hampshire his “second home,” opens a three-day, seven-event trip through the state. Mr. Bush, who needs a top-tier finish in New Hampshire to revive his stalled campaign, plans on Tuesday to include a discussion about the state’s heroin epidemic and to roll out his drug control strategy.

 Markets Calmer After a Tumultuous Start to the Year | G.M. Invests in Lyft | Dalian Wanda to Buy Stake in Legendary Entertainment Markets Calmer After a Tumultuous Start to the Year | G.M. Invests in Lyft | Dalian Wanda to Buy Stake in Legendary Entertainment

Tuesday: A look at city politics in 2016, freezing weather, and mulching your Christmas tree. Tuesday: A look at city politics in 2016, freezing weather, and mulching your Christmas tree. 

Here’s what you need to know about your day. Here’s what you need to know about your day. 

 As the House prepares to send a repeal of the Affordable Care Act to President Obama, who will veto it, Heritage Action for America will send a letter to the Republican presidential candidates demanding they repeal it if they win the general election. As the House prepares to send a repeal of the Affordable Care Act to President Obama, who will veto it, Heritage Action for America will send a letter to the Republican presidential candidates demanding they repeal it if they win the general election.

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 From “The Jungle” in Calais, France, migrants fleeing Syria’s conflict hop onto trucks or moving trains in a desperate — and often futile — effort to reach England. From “The Jungle” in Calais, France, migrants fleeing Syria’s conflict hop onto trucks or moving trains in a desperate — and often futile — effort to reach England.

 Do the sounds you hear provide you with comfort? Do they feel familiar? Or, do you find them by and large annoying or unpleasant? Do the sounds you hear provide you with comfort? Do they feel familiar? Or, do you find them by and large annoying or unpleasant?

 What caused the split between Sunni and Shia Islam? What caused the split between Sunni and Shia Islam?

Comparing the Senate careers of a handful of would-be presidents yields some instructive comparisons, but it may not help you decide who to vote for. Comparing the Senate careers of a handful of would-be presidents yields some instructive comparisons, but it may not help you decide who to vote for. The Upshot; Quorum Analytics study compares legislative careers and relative success of sitting senator presidential candidates Bernie Sanders, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and Rand Paul; also compares statistics for Hillary Rodham Clinton, Pres Obama and Sen Lindsey Graham.

 A major commitment by a New York State pension fund could popularize a new style of investment that rewards companies with low carbon footprints. A major commitment by a New York State pension fund could popularize a new style of investment that rewards companies with low carbon footprints.

Politicians love to mourn the demise of manufacturing, but their statements oversimplify the problems and ignore the real source of trouble. Politicians love to mourn the demise of manufacturing, but their statements oversimplify the problems and ignore the real source of trouble. 

We must wage an intellectual battle against the subtle corrosion of open society that results from frequent small threatening acts. We must wage an intellectual battle against the subtle corrosion of open society that results from frequent small threatening acts. David Brooks Op-Ed column argues random small-scale acts of terror produce dehumanizing anxiety that threatens traditionally pluralist liberal politics; asserts open societies' sense of security, derived from citizens' faith in tolerance and respect, is being challenged by populist anti-liberals who advocate closing ranks to defeat terrorist threat.

Twenty-five seconds, instead of 40, would make the game safer. Twenty-five seconds, instead of 40, would make the game safer. Op-Ed article by author Nate Jackson argues current measures to reduce risk of serious brain injury in pro football are insufficient; enumerates possible safety benefits of shortening play clock to 25 seconds and decreasing time between plays.

A new survey seems to hold some explanation for Donald Trump’s and Bernie Sanders’s popularity by appealing to angry Americans. A new survey seems to hold some explanation for Donald Trump’s and Bernie Sanders’s popularity by appealing to angry Americans. Editorial notes anger among Americans has fueled presidential campaigns of both Republican Donald J Trump and Democrat Bernie Sanders; argues while outrage is shared by both parties, only Sanders's promise to restore economic strength of middle class is viable path forward.

Forget Solyndra. With the right subsidies, the industry can be a boon for consumers, the economy — and the environment. Forget Solyndra. With the right subsidies, the industry can be a boon for consumers, the economy — and the environment. Op-Ed article by former Bush administration economist Ben Ho argues recent successes of solar energy industry should encourage support of conservatives who champion free markets and consumer choice; defends government subsidies for industry and asserts technology and policy improvements have fostered competition and efficiency within energy sector.

“The West should never recognize the attempted annexation of Crimea,” writes a former U.S. ambassador to Ukraine. “The West should never recognize the attempted annexation of Crimea,” writes a former U.S. ambassador to Ukraine. 

Readers say pedestrian safety would be compromised. Readers say pedestrian safety would be compromised. 

A reader says we need to give a much higher priority to building spaces where we can hear one another. A reader says we need to give a much higher priority to building spaces where we can hear one another. 

ExpandED Schools writes to counter the move by the Success Academy to shorten the school day. ExpandED Schools writes to counter the move by the Success Academy to shorten the school day. 

A reader praises a suggestion by Eduardo Porter to lessen the penalty for those who leave jobs to care for loved ones. A reader praises a suggestion by Eduardo Porter to lessen the penalty for those who leave jobs to care for loved ones. 

With its surging middle class, Africa’s most populous nation is embracing the places, and culture, that are sagging in America. With its surging middle class, Africa’s most populous nation is embracing the places, and culture, that are sagging in America. Warri Journal; Nigerians flock to new Western-style shopping malls, which cater to economic and social needs of country's rising middle class; surge in population is projected to make Nigeria world's third largest nation by 2050; traditional small shops and markets still surviving despite mall's allure.

Quotation of the Day for Tuesday, January 5, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Tuesday, January 5, 2016. 

Corrections appearing in print on Tuesday, January 5, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Tuesday, January 5, 2016. 

 Ted Cruz poured cups of coffee and rubbed elbows with supporters during a stop at Penny’s Diner in Missouri Valley, Iowa. Ted Cruz poured cups of coffee and rubbed elbows with supporters during a stop at Penny’s Diner in Missouri Valley, Iowa.

Television highlights. Television highlights. 

Perry Ellis had 27 points and 13 rebounds, Devonte Graham hit a go-ahead free throw in the third overtime, and No. 1 Kansas won an early showdown of Final Four contenders. Perry Ellis had 27 points and 13 rebounds, Devonte Graham hit a go-ahead free throw in the third overtime, and No. 1 Kansas won an early showdown of Final Four contenders. Top ranked Kansas defeats No 2 Oklahoma, 109-106, in third overtime.

Yegor Korshkov had a goal and an assist, and Russia advanced to the gold medal game of the world junior hockey championship with a 2-1 win over the United States in Helsinki. Yegor Korshkov had a goal and an assist, and Russia advanced to the gold medal game of the world junior hockey championship with a 2-1 win over the United States in Helsinki. Russia defeats United States, 2-1, to advance to world junior hockey championship game against Finland.

Zach LeDay scored 18 points in the second half and blocked London Perrantes’s attempt to tie the game in the final seconds as host Virginia Tech (10-5, 2-0 Atlantic Coast Conference) won a 70-68 stunner over No. 4 Virginia (12-2, 1-1). Zach LeDay scored 18 points in the second half and blocked London Perrantes’s attempt to tie the game in the final seconds as host Virginia Tech (10-5, 2-0 Atlantic Coast Conference) won a 70-68 stunner over No. 4 Virginia (12-2, 1-1). Virginia Tech upsets University of Virginia, 70-68; other college basketball news noted.

The track and field stadium for the Rio de Janeiro Olympics was without power or water, with the city hall and the soccer club Botafogo blaming each other for unpaid utility bills. The track and field stadium for the Rio de Janeiro Olympics was without power or water, with the city hall and the soccer club Botafogo blaming each other for unpaid utility bills. Rio de Janeiro Olympic track and field stadium is without power after utility bills go unpaid.

Leicester became the first Premier League contender to make a move in the transfer market, signing the winger Demarai Gray, 19, from second-tier Birmingham. Leicester became the first Premier League contender to make a move in the transfer market, signing the winger Demarai Gray, 19, from second-tier Birmingham. Winger Demarai Gray is transferred from Birmingham to Leicester City.

The daily fantasy sports websites DraftKings and FanDuel asked the State Supreme Court Appellate Division in Manhattan to allow them to continue operating in New York as they appeal a lower-court judge’s order to stop. The daily fantasy sports websites DraftKings and FanDuel asked the State Supreme Court Appellate Division in Manhattan to allow them to continue operating in New York as they appeal a lower-court judge’s order to stop. DraftKings and FanDuel ask New York State Supreme Court Appellate Division to allow them to continue doing business in state while appealing lower court's order to stop.

Two Mississippi stars — Laquon Treadwell, who led the Southeastern Conference with 1,153 receiving yards, and left tackle Laremy Tunsil — were among the players to declare for the N.F.L. draft. Two Mississippi stars — Laquon Treadwell, who led the Southeastern Conference with 1,153 receiving yards, and left tackle Laremy Tunsil — were among the players to declare for the N.F.L. draft. University of Mississippi receiver Laquon Treadwell and tackle Laremy Tunsil join players declaring for NFL draft; other college football news noted.

A former Tennessee associate director of sports medicine and two former strength coaches settled a gender discrimination and retaliation lawsuit they filed against the university in 2012 for $750,000 and attorneys’ fees. A former Tennessee associate director of sports medicine and two former strength coaches settled a gender discrimination and retaliation lawsuit they filed against the university in 2012 for $750,000 and attorneys’ fees. 

Brice Johnson had career highs of 39 points and 23 rebounds, leading No. 6 North Carolina (14-2, 3-0 Atlantic Coast Conference) to a 106-90 victory at Florida State (10-4, 0-2) on Monday night. Brice Johnson had career highs of 39 points and 23 rebounds, leading No. 6 North Carolina (14-2, 3-0 Atlantic Coast Conference) to a 106-90 victory at Florida State (10-4, 0-2) on Monday night. 

Real estate firms said the average sales price also hit a new high of nearly $2 million, boosted by sales of ultraluxury apartments in new developments. Real estate firms said the average sales price also hit a new high of nearly $2 million, boosted by sales of ultraluxury apartments in new developments. Major real estate firms announce plans to release reports showing median price for co-ops and condos in Manhattan hit $1.15 million in 2015, all-time high for borough.

 This word has appeared in 128 New York Times articles in the past year. This word has appeared in 128 New York Times articles in the past year.

BOESCHENSTEIN--Josephine Moll, "Molly." October 29, 1930-December 30, 2015. Josephine Moll "Molly" Boeschenstein passed away peacefully Wednesday, December 30, 2015, in Hobe Sound, FL. Molly was born Josephine Hamlin Moll on October 29, 1930, in Detroit, MI, to Josephine Hamlin and The Honorable Lester Moll, a prominent Detroit prosecutor and judge. She grew up in Grosse Pointe, MI. In 1953, she married William W. Boeschenstein, who was working for Owens Corning in Detroit. The couple later moved to Perrysburg, Ohio, where they raised four sons. Mr. Boeschenstein ultimately became Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Owens Corning in Toledo, Ohio. Although her husband became the public face of the company, Molly was a genuine partner to him throughout his career. Molly was known for her intelligence, style, love of competition, and her outstanding, irreverent sense of humor. Conversations with her were punctuated by astute observations, humorous ripostes, and often times belly shaking laughter. She had a wide and deep circle of friends from every corner of her life. Molly was deeply involved in a number of civic and charitable organizations. Notably, she was the first President of the St. Vincent Medical Center Foundation in Toledo, OH, a committed volunteer at the Toledo Museum of Art, and a member of the Board of Directors of The National Council on Alcoholism and Addiction and The Freedom Institute in New York. Molly and her husband have made their principal residence in Hobe Sound, FL. She is survived by her husband of 62 years, William W. Boeschenstein, sons William Jr., Michael, Peter and Stephen, their spouses, and 10 grandchildren and one great- grandchild. Funeral services are pending. Memorial contributions may be made to the Toledo Museum of Art, the Jupiter Medical Center Foundation in Jupiter, FL or the Martin Health Foundation in Stuart, FL. 1/3 BOESCHENSTEIN--Josephine Moll, "Molly." October 29, 1930-December 30, 2015. Josephine Moll "Molly" Boeschenstein passed away peacefully Wednesday, December 30, 2015, in Hobe Sound, FL. Molly was born Josephine Hamlin Moll on October 29, 1930, in Detroit, MI, to Josephine Hamlin and The Honorable Lester Moll, a prominent Detroit prosecutor and judge. She grew up in Grosse Pointe, MI. In 1953, she married William W. Boeschenstein, who was working for Owens Corning in Detroit. The couple later moved to Perrysburg, Ohio, where they raised four sons. Mr. Boeschenstein ultimately became Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Owens Corning in Toledo, Ohio. Although her husband became the public face of the company, Molly was a genuine partner to him throughout his career. Molly was known for her intelligence, style, love of competition, and her outstanding, irreverent sense of humor. Conversations with her were punctuated by astute observations, humorous ripostes, and often times belly shaking laughter. She had a wide and deep circle of friends from every corner of her life. Molly was deeply involved in a number of civic and charitable organizations. Notably, she was the first President of the St. Vincent Medical Center Foundation in Toledo, OH, a committed volunteer at the Toledo Museum of Art, and a member of the Board of Directors of The National Council on Alcoholism and Addiction and The Freedom Institute in New York. Molly and her husband have made their principal residence in Hobe Sound, FL. She is survived by her husband of 62 years, William W. Boeschenstein, sons William Jr., Michael, Peter and Stephen, their spouses, and 10 grandchildren and one great- grandchild. Funeral services are pending. Memorial contributions may be made to the Toledo Museum of Art, the Jupiter Medical Center Foundation in Jupiter, FL or the Martin Health Foundation in Stuart, FL. 1/3 

DIAMANT--Joan Champion, died December 18 in Lenox, MA. Born in New York; studied at The Walden School and The Art Students League; worked at Pierre Matisse Gallery. Moved with second husband Lincoln Diamant to Ossining, NY, where she mastered bookbinding, then returned to painting. Ageless at 91, she was, like one of her Hudson Valley or Berkshire landscapes, the cynosure of any room. Survived by her son, Anthony Bruck, of Chicago; stepson, Rolf Diamant, and daughter-in-law Nora Mitchell, of Woodstock, VT. 1/3 DIAMANT--Joan Champion, died December 18 in Lenox, MA. Born in New York; studied at The Walden School and The Art Students League; worked at Pierre Matisse Gallery. Moved with second husband Lincoln Diamant to Ossining, NY, where she mastered bookbinding, then returned to painting. Ageless at 91, she was, like one of her Hudson Valley or Berkshire landscapes, the cynosure of any room. Survived by her son, Anthony Bruck, of Chicago; stepson, Rolf Diamant, and daughter-in-law Nora Mitchell, of Woodstock, VT. 1/3 

ANGELO--John. The Board of Trustees and families of Ocean Beach Club mourn the passing of John Angelo. John was a longtime member of Ocean Beach Club and he will be deeply missed. Our thoughts are with his wife, Judy, and all the members of the Angelo family. William Herrman II, President, Shawn Wallach, Secretary 1/3 ANGELO--John. The Board of Trustees and families of Ocean Beach Club mourn the passing of John Angelo. John was a longtime member of Ocean Beach Club and he will be deeply missed. Our thoughts are with his wife, Judy, and all the members of the Angelo family. William Herrman II, President, Shawn Wallach, Secretary 1/3 

PEARLMAN--Bernard, of New York City, New York on January 2, 2016 at the age of 93 years. Husband of Sylvia. Father of Robert and Allan. One grandson, Daniel, also survives him. Funeral service Tuesday, 11am, at the Schwartz Brothers-Jeffer Memorial Chapels, 114-03 Queens Boulevard, Forest Hills. Interment at the Calverton National Cemetery, Calverton, NY. 1/3 PEARLMAN--Bernard, of New York City, New York on January 2, 2016 at the age of 93 years. Husband of Sylvia. Father of Robert and Allan. One grandson, Daniel, also survives him. Funeral service Tuesday, 11am, at the Schwartz Brothers-Jeffer Memorial Chapels, 114-03 Queens Boulevard, Forest Hills. Interment at the Calverton National Cemetery, Calverton, NY. 1/3 

TARSHIS--Steve, 1949-2016. Cherished husband, father, brother, son. Acclaimed musician and teacher who touched so many lives. 1/3 TARSHIS--Steve, 1949-2016. Cherished husband, father, brother, son. Acclaimed musician and teacher who touched so many lives. 1/3 

CHELOUCHE--Roslyn R. (Ros), May 24, 1937-December 31, 2015. Loving mother of Adina Chelouche (George Tellides); cherished grandmother of Alexander, Theodore and Julia Tellides. Services will be held at Plaza Jewish Community Chapel, NYC on January 7 at 12:45pm. 1/3 CHELOUCHE--Roslyn R. (Ros), May 24, 1937-December 31, 2015. Loving mother of Adina Chelouche (George Tellides); cherished grandmother of Alexander, Theodore and Julia Tellides. Services will be held at Plaza Jewish Community Chapel, NYC on January 7 at 12:45pm. 1/3 

ROGERS--Wayne M. The staff at Kleinfeld Bridal is deeply saddened by the death of its Chairman, Wayne Rogers. From the 1990's to the present, Wayne in partnership with Ronald Rothstein and Mara Urshel, built Kleinfeld into the most successful designer bridal retailer in the world. He helped expand the Kleinfeld name into 150 countries through the hit "Say Yes to the Dress" TV show and he licensed the brand to HBC for Canada. Wayne followed no rules, no industry practices and believed one always had to enjoy the freedom of free thought with no boundaries. Wayne loved Kleinfeld and its success, its dedicated staff and its brides. His personal charm and caring nature was a blessing to everyone who worked at Kleinfeld. We extend our sincere and heartfelt condolences to Amy, Laura, Bill and their families. He will be truly missed. Ronald R. Rothstein and Mara Urshel 1/3 ROGERS--Wayne M. The staff at Kleinfeld Bridal is deeply saddened by the death of its Chairman, Wayne Rogers. From the 1990's to the present, Wayne in partnership with Ronald Rothstein and Mara Urshel, built Kleinfeld into the most successful designer bridal retailer in the world. He helped expand the Kleinfeld name into 150 countries through the hit "Say Yes to the Dress" TV show and he licensed the brand to HBC for Canada. Wayne followed no rules, no industry practices and believed one always had to enjoy the freedom of free thought with no boundaries. Wayne loved Kleinfeld and its success, its dedicated staff and its brides. His personal charm and caring nature was a blessing to everyone who worked at Kleinfeld. We extend our sincere and heartfelt condolences to Amy, Laura, Bill and their families. He will be truly missed. Ronald R. Rothstein and Mara Urshel 1/3 

COTTY--Edmond, 92, died December 28 at his home in Scarsdale, NY. Son of Gustave Cotty and Marie Parisod, he earned his MBA from the University of Lausanne, Switzerland. There he met his wife, Yvette Mina Chuard. He emigrated to New York City in 1948 to join the investment firm of Istel, Lepercq & Co. He went on to be president of John Bristol & Co. (1964) and founder of Cotty, Feldman & Co. (1971) which merged with New Court Securities/Rothschild, Inc. (1974) where he directed their Investment Management Division until his retirement (1993). He was very active in the Scarsdale Congregational Church. He is predeceased by his beloved wife of 57 years, Yvette, and by his treasured daughter, Isabelle Cotty. He is survived by his daughter Anne-Claude Cotty and son Phil Cotty. A celebration of his life will be held on Saturday, January 9 at 11am at the Scarsdale Congregational Church, 1 Heathcote Road, Scarsdale, NY. Donations may be made in his honor to White Plains Hospital or Scarsdale Volunteer Ambulance. 1/3 COTTY--Edmond, 92, died December 28 at his home in Scarsdale, NY. Son of Gustave Cotty and Marie Parisod, he earned his MBA from the University of Lausanne, Switzerland. There he met his wife, Yvette Mina Chuard. He emigrated to New York City in 1948 to join the investment firm of Istel, Lepercq & Co. He went on to be president of John Bristol & Co. (1964) and founder of Cotty, Feldman & Co. (1971) which merged with New Court Securities/Rothschild, Inc. (1974) where he directed their Investment Management Division until his retirement (1993). He was very active in the Scarsdale Congregational Church. He is predeceased by his beloved wife of 57 years, Yvette, and by his treasured daughter, Isabelle Cotty. He is survived by his daughter Anne-Claude Cotty and son Phil Cotty. A celebration of his life will be held on Saturday, January 9 at 11am at the Scarsdale Congregational Church, 1 Heathcote Road, Scarsdale, NY. Donations may be made in his honor to White Plains Hospital or Scarsdale Volunteer Ambulance. 1/3 

KAPLAN--Gilbert, died peacefully on the morning of January 1, 2016, with Lena, his wife of 45 years, and their four loving children by his side. An uncommon man in every respect, he founded Institutional Investor magazine at the age of 26, serving as its Publisher and Editor-in-Chief for the next two decades, only to embark on a second life as a renowned amateur conductor of Mahler's Second Symphony. He said of the symphony that it "wrapped itself around me and never let go." This passion ultimately led to conducting engagements with over 60 orchestras throughout the world, acclaimed recordings of the work with the London Symphony Orchestra and the Vienna Philharmonic and, more recently, a faculty position at Juilliard. His private life was just as rich. He married the woman he loved at first sight, loved her deeply to the end, and together they presided over a family of four beautiful children, Kristina Wallison, Claude Davies, John Kaplan and Emily Kaplan, and eight grandchildren. All grieve profoundly at his passing, but feel deeply blessed to have loved and been loved by this remarkable man. The family will receive friends at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue (at 81st Street) in New York City, on Thursday, January 7 at 2-5pm and 7-9pm. Friends are invited to email stories and condolences to: gilkaplanfamily@gmail.com. 1/3 KAPLAN--Gilbert, died peacefully on the morning of January 1, 2016, with Lena, his wife of 45 years, and their four loving children by his side. An uncommon man in every respect, he founded Institutional Investor magazine at the age of 26, serving as its Publisher and Editor-in-Chief for the next two decades, only to embark on a second life as a renowned amateur conductor of Mahler's Second Symphony. He said of the symphony that it "wrapped itself around me and never let go." This passion ultimately led to conducting engagements with over 60 orchestras throughout the world, acclaimed recordings of the work with the London Symphony Orchestra and the Vienna Philharmonic and, more recently, a faculty position at Juilliard. His private life was just as rich. He married the woman he loved at first sight, loved her deeply to the end, and together they presided over a family of four beautiful children, Kristina Wallison, Claude Davies, John Kaplan and Emily Kaplan, and eight grandchildren. All grieve profoundly at his passing, but feel deeply blessed to have loved and been loved by this remarkable man. The family will receive friends at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue (at 81st Street) in New York City, on Thursday, January 7 at 2-5pm and 7-9pm. Friends are invited to email stories and condolences to: gilkaplanfamily@gmail.com. 1/3 

GILBERT--Edward M.,dubbed the "Boy Wonder of Wall Street" in the 1950's, died peacefully at his home in Santa Fe, New Mexico on Wednesday, December 23, 2015. He was five days short of his 93rd birthday. Eddie lived a unique and exceptional life. As a young man, Eddie fought bravely in World War II and received a Purple Heart and a Bronze Star. He had many achievements. He was a competitive springboard diver and in 1942 made the U.S. Open at Forest Hills; he had a world-renowned stamp collection and gave generously to many causes in Santa Fe. In 1992, Eddie co-founded BGK Group, a highly successful commercial real estate company headquartered in Santa Fe. Under Eddie's leadership the company acquired a large national portfolio as well as premier buildings in New Mexico, Texas and elsewhere. By 2010, when New York-based Rosemont Real Estate acquired part ownership of BGK, Gilbert's company was the largest holder of commercial real estate in New Mexico, owning properties in 28 states. He was "larger than life" say his children. He will be greatly missed. He is survived by his wife Peaches, seven children, Robin, Alexandra (Ronald), Dominique, Nina, Sasha, Beatrice and Zoe and three grandchildren, Brooke, Ross and Yeabsira. 1/3 GILBERT--Edward M.,dubbed the "Boy Wonder of Wall Street" in the 1950's, died peacefully at his home in Santa Fe, New Mexico on Wednesday, December 23, 2015. He was five days short of his 93rd birthday. Eddie lived a unique and exceptional life. As a young man, Eddie fought bravely in World War II and received a Purple Heart and a Bronze Star. He had many achievements. He was a competitive springboard diver and in 1942 made the U.S. Open at Forest Hills; he had a world-renowned stamp collection and gave generously to many causes in Santa Fe. In 1992, Eddie co-founded BGK Group, a highly successful commercial real estate company headquartered in Santa Fe. Under Eddie's leadership the company acquired a large national portfolio as well as premier buildings in New Mexico, Texas and elsewhere. By 2010, when New York-based Rosemont Real Estate acquired part ownership of BGK, Gilbert's company was the largest holder of commercial real estate in New Mexico, owning properties in 28 states. He was "larger than life" say his children. He will be greatly missed. He is survived by his wife Peaches, seven children, Robin, Alexandra (Ronald), Dominique, Nina, Sasha, Beatrice and Zoe and three grandchildren, Brooke, Ross and Yeabsira. 1/3 

ANGELO--John. Central Park Conservancy mourns the passing of John Angelo, devoted husband of our friend and Board member, Judy Hart Angelo. On behalf of the Board of Trustees, management, and staff of Central Park Conservancy, we send our heartfelt condolences to the entire Angelo family. 1/3 ANGELO--John. Central Park Conservancy mourns the passing of John Angelo, devoted husband of our friend and Board member, Judy Hart Angelo. On behalf of the Board of Trustees, management, and staff of Central Park Conservancy, we send our heartfelt condolences to the entire Angelo family. 1/3 

BIALER--Stewart Sidney, died on November 27 following a battle with melanoma. He was 72. Stewart was born in Brooklyn, NY, to Lena and Solomon Bialer. He impacted countless lives as a passionate teacher in New York City's public schools. He gave generously, sharing his wisdom, compassion, time, home, heart, harvest and money-always seeking lives to enrich and the ways in which he could help. He is survived by his wife Susan BeGasse; children Emily and Lisa; sons-in-law Jordan and Jerry; and grandchildren Ori, Alyssa, Aaron, Julia, Jacob and Laila. Stewart's son, Adam, died suddenly two weeks following his death. 1/3 BIALER--Stewart Sidney, died on November 27 following a battle with melanoma. He was 72. Stewart was born in Brooklyn, NY, to Lena and Solomon Bialer. He impacted countless lives as a passionate teacher in New York City's public schools. He gave generously, sharing his wisdom, compassion, time, home, heart, harvest and money-always seeking lives to enrich and the ways in which he could help. He is survived by his wife Susan BeGasse; children Emily and Lisa; sons-in-law Jordan and Jerry; and grandchildren Ori, Alyssa, Aaron, Julia, Jacob and Laila. Stewart's son, Adam, died suddenly two weeks following his death. 1/3 

HOCHSWENDER--Woody, June 20, 1951, to December 31, 2015. His name was Wiliam Joseph Hochswender III, but everyone knew him as Woody. For many, he was the lanky, redheaded and perennially boyish fashion and style reporter for The New York Times, Harper's Bazaar, Esquire and Golf. For others, he was an inspirational practitioner of Nichiren Buddhism: he brought comfort, joy and wisdom to many through his example, his guidance and his two books, "The Buddha in Your Mirror" and "The Buddha in Your Rearview Mirror." In Sharon, CT, where he had lived since 1993, he was known as a quirky character with memorable pickup trucks (his beautiful golden retriever, Lola, nearly always along for the ride) and a passion for swimming, biking and otherwise enjoying the beauty around him. For his daughter, Kate, he was her biggest cheerleader as well as the person who always encouraged her to set a high standard and then meet it. He adored her, and she adored him. A true journalist, Woody was interested in everything; for the past few years, he was able to travel widely and meet interesting people in the company of his girlfriend, Kirsten Jensen. His daughter and former wife, Cynthia, were glad that he was able to enrich his life and expand his horizons with Kirsten before his death, from a glioblastoma tumor, on December 31. For a full obituary and details of his January 17 memorial service in Lakeville, CT, go to his memorial website at www.forevermissed.com. 1/3 HOCHSWENDER--Woody, June 20, 1951, to December 31, 2015. His name was Wiliam Joseph Hochswender III, but everyone knew him as Woody. For many, he was the lanky, redheaded and perennially boyish fashion and style reporter for The New York Times, Harper's Bazaar, Esquire and Golf. For others, he was an inspirational practitioner of Nichiren Buddhism: he brought comfort, joy and wisdom to many through his example, his guidance and his two books, "The Buddha in Your Mirror" and "The Buddha in Your Rearview Mirror." In Sharon, CT, where he had lived since 1993, he was known as a quirky character with memorable pickup trucks (his beautiful golden retriever, Lola, nearly always along for the ride) and a passion for swimming, biking and otherwise enjoying the beauty around him. For his daughter, Kate, he was her biggest cheerleader as well as the person who always encouraged her to set a high standard and then meet it. He adored her, and she adored him. A true journalist, Woody was interested in everything; for the past few years, he was able to travel widely and meet interesting people in the company of his girlfriend, Kirsten Jensen. His daughter and former wife, Cynthia, were glad that he was able to enrich his life and expand his horizons with Kirsten before his death, from a glioblastoma tumor, on December 31. For a full obituary and details of his January 17 memorial service in Lakeville, CT, go to his memorial website at www.forevermissed.com. 1/3 

DICKLER--Ruth. The officers and staff of The Pollock-Krasner Foundation mourn the passing of Ruth Dickler, beloved wife and widow of Gerald Dickler, the Founder Chairman of The Pollock-Krasner Foundation. For over thirty years, Ruth gave advice and counsel to the Foundation's program. We will miss her wisdom, grace and generosity. We extend our deepest sympathy to her family. Charles Bergman, Chairman Samuel Sachs II, President Kerrie Buitrago, Executive Vice President 1/3 DICKLER--Ruth. The officers and staff of The Pollock-Krasner Foundation mourn the passing of Ruth Dickler, beloved wife and widow of Gerald Dickler, the Founder Chairman of The Pollock-Krasner Foundation. For over thirty years, Ruth gave advice and counsel to the Foundation's program. We will miss her wisdom, grace and generosity. We extend our deepest sympathy to her family. Charles Bergman, Chairman Samuel Sachs II, President Kerrie Buitrago, Executive Vice President 1/3 

ANGELO--John. The LeFrak family mourns the loss of our dear friend John Angelo. We send our deepest sympathies to his wife Judy, his sons Jack and Jessie, and his daughter Kate. John was a renaissance man, a one-of-a-kind individual who left a lasting impression on everyone he met, and was always fun to be with. We will miss him tremendously. 1/3 ANGELO--John. The LeFrak family mourns the loss of our dear friend John Angelo. We send our deepest sympathies to his wife Judy, his sons Jack and Jessie, and his daughter Kate. John was a renaissance man, a one-of-a-kind individual who left a lasting impression on everyone he met, and was always fun to be with. We will miss him tremendously. 1/3 

ROAMAN--Joyce, of Hollywood, FL, 89, passed away January 1, 2016. Joyce is predeceased by her husband Alan Norman Roaman and her son Michael Warren Roaman. She is survived by her daughter Judi Roaman and a daughter-in-law Carla Chammas and a son Peter Michael Roaman, two grandchildren, Benjamin Michael Roaman and Katherine Mixer and her husband Scott Mixer, and three great-grandchildren. Funeral services will be held today, Tuesday, January 5 at 10:30am at Temple Solel in Hollywood, FL. Interment will take place on Wednesday, January 6 at 11am at Mt. Lebanon Cemetery in Glendale, NY. 1/3 ROAMAN--Joyce, of Hollywood, FL, 89, passed away January 1, 2016. Joyce is predeceased by her husband Alan Norman Roaman and her son Michael Warren Roaman. She is survived by her daughter Judi Roaman and a daughter-in-law Carla Chammas and a son Peter Michael Roaman, two grandchildren, Benjamin Michael Roaman and Katherine Mixer and her husband Scott Mixer, and three great-grandchildren. Funeral services will be held today, Tuesday, January 5 at 10:30am at Temple Solel in Hollywood, FL. Interment will take place on Wednesday, January 6 at 11am at Mt. Lebanon Cemetery in Glendale, NY. 1/3 

RIZZUTO--Patricia Anne, 71, of New York, NY passed away on January 1, 2016 in Portland, ME. Patricia was born in Newark, NJ on March 8, 1944 the daughter of Hall of Fame Yankees shortstop Phil Rizzuto and Cora Ann Esselborn Rizzuto. She was an incredibly loving and dedicated mother and grandmother. She enjoyed spending time at her house on Fire Island and playing with her granddaughter Lucia Rizzuto-Michelsen. She is survived by her daughter Jennifer Rizzuto and her daughter-in-law Heidi Michelsen Golden; sister Penny Yetto; brother Philip Rizzuto Jr; and her beloved granddaughter Lucia Rizzuto- Michelsen. 1/3 RIZZUTO--Patricia Anne, 71, of New York, NY passed away on January 1, 2016 in Portland, ME. Patricia was born in Newark, NJ on March 8, 1944 the daughter of Hall of Fame Yankees shortstop Phil Rizzuto and Cora Ann Esselborn Rizzuto. She was an incredibly loving and dedicated mother and grandmother. She enjoyed spending time at her house on Fire Island and playing with her granddaughter Lucia Rizzuto-Michelsen. She is survived by her daughter Jennifer Rizzuto and her daughter-in-law Heidi Michelsen Golden; sister Penny Yetto; brother Philip Rizzuto Jr; and her beloved granddaughter Lucia Rizzuto- Michelsen. 1/3 

BENDICH--Albert M. June 18, 1929 - January 5, 2015 Dearest Al, It seems like yesterday when you left us. We've lost our brightest light. You've so inspired us in life, by your actions, deeds, words, love and philosophy and will continue to do so - always. Endless love and respect, Pam and your loving family and friends 1/3 BENDICH--Albert M. June 18, 1929 - January 5, 2015 Dearest Al, It seems like yesterday when you left us. We've lost our brightest light. You've so inspired us in life, by your actions, deeds, words, love and philosophy and will continue to do so - always. Endless love and respect, Pam and your loving family and friends 1/3 

WEINSTEIN--Ruth. Beloved wife of Aaron and mother of Robert and Michael. Died January 4, 2006. Gone 10 years and still missed. 1/3 WEINSTEIN--Ruth. Beloved wife of Aaron and mother of Robert and Michael. Died January 4, 2006. Gone 10 years and still missed. 1/3 

With Jarrett Jack out for the season after injuring his right knee in Boston last Saturday, the team&#8217;s looseness before a home game against the Celtics proved to be a facade. With Jarrett Jack out for the season after injuring his right knee in Boston last Saturday, the team&#8217;s looseness before a home game against the Celtics proved to be a facade. Boston Celtics beat Brooklyn Nets, 103-94; Nets were without help of injured point guard Jerrett Jack.

Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s executive order directing authorities to pull homeless people off the streets in freezing weather has angered the very people it claims to protect. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s executive order directing authorities to pull homeless people off the streets in freezing weather has angered the very people it claims to protect. Homeless people in New York City call Gov Andrew Cuomo's order to remove them from street in below-freezing temperatures misguided, saying forced placement is not solution to problem; call for increase in permanent, affordable housing throughout city.

The principal at a Brooklyn Success Academy charter school who created a &#8220;Got to Go&#8221; list of difficult students was sued by four parents last month. The principal at a Brooklyn Success Academy charter school who created a &#8220;Got to Go&#8221; list of difficult students was sued by four parents last month. Candido Brown, principal of Success Academy charter school branch in Fort Greene, Brooklyn, who came under fire for creating list of undesirable students, is taking leave of absence; four parents of children on list have filed lawsuit against Success Academy and its network, and against Brown and New York City and State Education Departments. 

When Charles Gwathmey died in 2009, New York City lost one of its most influential architects, but his aesthetic of clean lines and grand geometries continues. When Charles Gwathmey died in 2009, New York City lost one of its most influential architects, but his aesthetic of clean lines and grand geometries continues. The Appraisal; luxury apartment building at 70 Columbus in Jersey City extends legacy of late and influential architect Charles Gwathmey, known for modernist but humanistic design; building was designed by Gwathmey Siegel Kaufman Architects, firm founded by Gwathmey and his partner Robert Siegel.

The Rangers have gone 5-11-2 in their last 18 games after beginning with a 16-3-2 mark, and several key players, including goaltender Henrik Lundqvist, have performed below expectations. The Rangers have gone 5-11-2 in their last 18 games after beginning with a 16-3-2 mark, and several key players, including goaltender Henrik Lundqvist, have performed below expectations. New York Rangers, who have made playoffs three of past four years, experience mid-season slump after strong start; must address several challenges to improve play.

The Mink Open golf tournament on Staten Island, held every January in the cold, is more about friendship and furs than fairway dominance. The Mink Open golf tournament on Staten Island, held every January in the cold, is more about friendship and furs than fairway dominance. Members of Silver Lake Women's Golf Club don fur coats in freezing temperatures for annual Mink Open golf tournament on Staten Island.

After years of conflict with her mother, Brianna Lebron is focused on mending fences and creating a better life for herself and her infant son. After years of conflict with her mother, Brianna Lebron is focused on mending fences and creating a better life for herself and her infant son. Children’s Aid Society, one of seven agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, helps Brianna Lebron of Harlem buy new clothes.

Ken Griffey Jr. is a lock to be elected to the Hall of Fame this week, but the other first-time candidates also created fascinating moments, with big hits and catches — as well as drops. Ken Griffey Jr. is a lock to be elected to the Hall of Fame this week, but the other first-time candidates also created fascinating moments, with big hits and catches — as well as drops. 

The former president kept the focus on Hillary Clinton and not her opponents, or himself, in his first solo campaign swing in New Hampshire this election. The former president kept the focus on Hillary Clinton and not her opponents, or himself, in his first solo campaign swing in New Hampshire this election. Bill Clinton makes his first solo campaign appearance for his wife Hillary at event in New Hampshire; keeps focus on her, not her opponents or himself, and talks about need to elect president that will fit the times.

Charles Tillman, a starter for top-seeded Carolina, was injured in Sunday&#8217;s win over Tampa Bay and will miss the playoffs. Charles Tillman, a starter for top-seeded Carolina, was injured in Sunday&#8217;s win over Tampa Bay and will miss the playoffs. NFL Roundup; Carolina Panthers cornerback Charles Tillman is out for the playoffs with knee injury; other football news noted.

Mr. Stigwood&#8217;s name was attached to films, albums and theatrical productions that identified an era in music. Mr. Stigwood&#8217;s name was attached to films, albums and theatrical productions that identified an era in music. Robert Stigwood, producer of musical acts, theatrical productions and films that were emblematic of 1970s pop culture, dies at age 81.

Congressional Republicans won’t pass even basic, sensible gun-safety measures, so Mr. Obama is doing what he can through executive actions. Congressional Republicans won’t pass even basic, sensible gun-safety measures, so Mr. Obama is doing what he can through executive actions. Editorial lauds Pres Obama for executive actions aimed at limiting criminals' access to guns; notes expansion of dealer licensing and streamlining of background checks, despite condemnation from Republican presidential candidates, merely enforces existing laws and echoes demands of gun-rights activists; calls on Congress to pass further protections, which overwhelming majority of Americans endorse.

The presidential candidates, even the once-cheery Marco Rubio, are warning of dark, dangerous times and taking personal potshots at President Obama and Hillary Clinton. The presidential candidates, even the once-cheery Marco Rubio, are warning of dark, dangerous times and taking personal potshots at President Obama and Hillary Clinton. Republican presidential candidates campaigning in Iowa take turns bashing Pres Obama as well as their top Democratic rival Hillary Rodham Clinton, who served as Obama's secretary of state during his first term; look to discredit Clinton with Americans who feel vulnerable in aftermath of terrorist attacks at home and abroad.

Still stung by Sunday’s defeat, quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick, a pending free agent, acknowledged that he hoped to remain with the Jets. Still stung by Sunday’s defeat, quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick, a pending free agent, acknowledged that he hoped to remain with the Jets. New York Jets quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick will likely stay with team in coming season despite 22-17 loss to Buffalo, which ended their hopes for postseason, and his pending free agency.

Mr. Wingreen&#8217;s long list of television roles included that of Harry the bartender on &#8220;All in the Family&#8221; and &#8220;Archie Bunker&#8217;s Place.&#8221; Mr. Wingreen&#8217;s long list of television roles included that of Harry the bartender on &#8220;All in the Family&#8221; and &#8220;Archie Bunker&#8217;s Place.&#8221; Jason Wingreen, character actor best known for playing Harry on sitcom All in the Family and voicing Boba Fett in movie The Empire Strikes Back, dies at age 95.

The hedge fund may also want a sale of the company. The hedge fund may also want a sale of the company. 

An insidious relationship has developed between the largest private equity firms, the banks that lend them billions to fund buyouts, and the law firms that advise on these deals. An insidious relationship has developed between the largest private equity firms, the banks that lend them billions to fund buyouts, and the law firms that advise on these deals. Andrew Ross Sorkin DealBook column observes that over past few years, new, nefarious relationship has silently grown between biggest private equity firms, banks that lend them billions of dollars for their buyouts, and law firms; contends problem is that banks are forced to use specific law firms, rather than internal counsel, to vet potential loans. 

Kyrie Irving, playing just his sixth game of the season after returning from a broken kneecap, shot 10 of 16 from the field and added 8 assists and 6 rebounds in the win over Toronto. Kyrie Irving, playing just his sixth game of the season after returning from a broken kneecap, shot 10 of 16 from the field and added 8 assists and 6 rebounds in the win over Toronto. NBA Roundup; Cleveland Cavaliers defeat Toronto Raptors, 122-100; other basketball scores noted.

Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s plan to forcibly take people to shelters as temperatures drop has drawn scrutiny. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s plan to forcibly take people to shelters as temperatures drop has drawn scrutiny. Some are questioning New York Gov Andrew Cuomo's order to forcibly remove homeless people from streets after temperatures drop below freezing; New York City officials say move will do little to stem growing homeless problem, while some experts question order's legality.

The default on about $174 million was expected, but the decision of the island&#8217;s governor, Alejandro Garc&#237;a Padilla, to order a &#8220;clawback&#8221; of cash draws criticism. The default on about $174 million was expected, but the decision of the island&#8217;s governor, Alejandro Garc&#237;a Padilla, to order a &#8220;clawback&#8221; of cash draws criticism. Puerto Rico defaults on about $174 million of debt payments, taking cash away from its lower-ranked creditors so it can pay higher-ranked creditors; total debt is over $72 billion.

The tallying of the national elections must stop, about two-thirds of the 30 Central African Republic presidential candidates said Monday, alleging fraud. The tallying of the national elections must stop, about two-thirds of the 30 Central African Republic presidential candidates said Monday, alleging fraud. About 20 of Central African Republic's presidential candidates demand halt to tallying of national elections in news conference citing fraud and irregularities; almost 40 percent of the country's votes have been counted thus far.

Federal agents arrested 121 migrants for deportation, the government said, starting a wave of removals of parents and children who arrived in 2014 and failed to win asylum in immigration courts. Federal agents arrested 121 migrants for deportation, the government said, starting a wave of removals of parents and children who arrived in 2014 and failed to win asylum in immigration courts. Federal agents arrest 121 migrants, who came to United States from Central America during border surge in 2014 and failed to win asylum in immigration courts, for deportation; move is part of Obama administration's efforts to stem new wave of migrants crossing illegally.

A commission that evaluated Haiti’s presidential election said that most of the irregularities it found in first-round voting were the result of widespread ineptitude by poll workers. A commission that evaluated Haiti’s presidential election said that most of the irregularities it found in first-round voting were the result of widespread ineptitude by poll workers. Report on presidential election by Haiti’s Provisional Electoral Council attributes irregularities to ineptitude by poll workers rather than political tampering; confirms victory of government-backed candidate Jovenel Moise. 

The rise to prominence of Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, who was scarcely known outside of Saudi Arabia before his arrest in 2012, corresponds closely with the intensification of the rivalry between Shiite Iran and Sunni Saudi Arabia. The rise to prominence of Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, who was scarcely known outside of Saudi Arabia before his arrest in 2012, corresponds closely with the intensification of the rivalry between Shiite Iran and Sunni Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia's execution of Shiite cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr on terrorism charges seals once-obscure preacher's status as icon and martyr for country's Shiite minority; inflames regional rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran and its Shiite allies, who have adopted Sheikh Nimr as symbol of Sunni-dominated kingdom's repression of Shiites.

Michael Slager, a former South Carolina police officer who faces murder charges, was released on bond in the shooting of Mr. Scott, an unarmed black man. Michael Slager, a former South Carolina police officer who faces murder charges, was released on bond in the shooting of Mr. Scott, an unarmed black man. Judge Clifton Newman grants bond for former South Carolina Police Officer Michael T Slager as he awaits murder trial in shooting death of unarmed black man Walter L Scott.

Dylan Larkin scored on a breakaway, and Petr Mrazek made 22 saves as the Detroit Red Wings beat the Devils, 1-0, on Monday night in Newark. Dylan Larkin scored on a breakaway, and Petr Mrazek made 22 saves as the Detroit Red Wings beat the Devils, 1-0, on Monday night in Newark. NHL Roundup; Detroit Red Wings beat New Jersey Devils, 1-0; other ice hockey news noted.

Mr. Hochswender wrote a column about the garment industry for The New York Times and popular books on Buddhism. Mr. Hochswender wrote a column about the garment industry for The New York Times and popular books on Buddhism. Woody Hochswender, former New York Times fashion writer and author of several books on practicing Buddhism, dies at age 64.

With advances in technology in cars, nine automakers are planning press events at the International CES in Las Vegas this week. With advances in technology in cars, nine automakers are planning press events at the International CES in Las Vegas this week. Ford Motor and other carmakers will grab spotlight at International Consumer Electronics Show with announcements for new electric vehicles, connected cars and autonomous driving;

A regulatory commission issued the order after recent earthquakes. A regulatory commission issued the order after recent earthquakes. Oklahoma Corporation Commission issues order to well operators at five wastewater injection wells near Edmond, Okla, to reduce wastewater disposal volumes following earthquake activity.

A federal judge found that he and a colleague had committed misconduct by waiting to turn over key evidence in a civil case about a police shooting. A federal judge found that he and a colleague had committed misconduct by waiting to turn over key evidence in a civil case about a police shooting. City of Chicago lawyer Jordan Marsh resigns same day Judge Edmond E Chang finds he and a colleague intentionally concealed crucial evidence that would have influenced ruling for 2011 fatal police shooting of Darius Pinex; Judge Chang, in light of discovery, throws out jury’s verdict that cleared officers of wrongdoing and orders city to pay plaintiffs’ legal bills. 

Islamic State militants attempted to capture an oil port along Libya’s coast, in fighting that left at least seven people dead and set fire to a storage tank of crude oil. Islamic State militants attempted to capture an oil port along Libya’s coast, in fighting that left at least seven people dead and set fire to a storage tank of crude oil. Islamic State militants launch another attack in Libya to capture the Sidra oil port in an attempt to expand its territory; fighting results in seven fatalities and sets fire to storage tank of crude oil. 

Seventeen people died at Charlie Hebdo in 2014 and in other attacks in the Paris area in the days that followed. Seventeen people died at Charlie Hebdo in 2014 and in other attacks in the Paris area in the days that followed. Surviving artists and writers for French satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo release special edition marking one-year anniversary of Jan 7, 2014 attack on paper's staff that claimed 17 lives. 

The decision came five days after the state attorney general said Gov. Nathan Deal did not have the authority to stop the resettlement of Syrian refugees. The decision came five days after the state attorney general said Gov. Nathan Deal did not have the authority to stop the resettlement of Syrian refugees. Gov Nathan Deal of Georgia lifts executive order prohibiting resettlement of Syrian refugees; one-sentence order comes five days after Atty Gen Sam Olens declared Deal did not have that authority.

The experiment has riled many of the Indian capital&#8217;s elite even as its ability to reduce pollution remains unclear, with air quality still at &#8220;hazardous&#8221; levels Monday. The experiment has riled many of the Indian capital&#8217;s elite even as its ability to reduce pollution remains unclear, with air quality still at &#8220;hazardous&#8221; levels Monday. Regional government experiments with traffic restrictions to combat air pollution in New Delhi, India, which 2014 World Health Organization survey ranked worst of 1,600 cities; city's elite, accustomed to having drivers on standby, decry move, while others question whether measures will have significant effect.

Mary Barra is credited with stabilizing G.M. after the company admitted to selling millions of cars with defective ignition switches that were later tied to at least 124 deaths. Mary Barra is credited with stabilizing G.M. after the company admitted to selling millions of cars with defective ignition switches that were later tied to at least 124 deaths. General Motors announces its chief executive Mary Barra is also named chairwoman of its board; move affirms her leadership of nation's biggest carmaker.

The Saudi royals think that stoking hatred of Shiites will keep them in power. The Saudi royals think that stoking hatred of Shiites will keep them in power. Op-Ed article by professor Toby Craig Jones argues Saudi Arabia's execution of dissident Shiite cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr was calculated attempt deflect attention from regime's economic, political and military woes; asserts short-term domestic benefits of fostering sectarianism could have unpredictable long-term effect on stability of Middle East.

The 1988 presidential campaign that saw the furlough of a Massachusetts inmate has helped stall legislation that has support from both parties. The 1988 presidential campaign that saw the furlough of a Massachusetts inmate has helped stall legislation that has support from both parties. Carl Hulse On Washington column says that three-decades-old story of Willie Horton, convicted felon who committed assault, armed robbery and rape after he was released from Massachusetts prison as part of weekend furlough program, is stalling legislation that would lead to early release of thousands of nonviolent offenders.

Approvals for first-of-a-kind drugs climbed last year, pushing the annual tally of new United States drugs to its highest level in 19 years. Approvals for first-of-a-kind drugs climbed last year, pushing the annual tally of new United States drugs to its highest level in 19 years. Food and Drug Administration approved 45 drugs with never-before-sold ingredients in 2015, highest number since 1996.

The luxury sports car maker Ferrari made a flat debut in Milan on Monday as it completed its divorce from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles. The luxury sports car maker Ferrari made a flat debut in Milan on Monday as it completed its divorce from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles. Luxury sports car maker Ferrari has tepid debut on Milan stock market as it separates from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles.

Some Iranians are wondering whether Saudi Arabia has again gained the upper hand in a new diplomatic crisis. Some Iranians are wondering whether Saudi Arabia has again gained the upper hand in a new diplomatic crisis. Iran finds itself caught in new crisis triggered by Saudi state execution of Shiite dissident Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr at time when it hoped to move beyond international sanctions and become accepted global player; nation might have benefited from worldwide anger at Saudi executions, but instead is again portrayed by opponents as provocateur after Saudi Embassy in Tehran is attacked by angry protesters.

Despite the lack of success shown in a 2014 report, police officials say the Juvenile Robbery Intervention Program is valuable because of the good will it creates. Despite the lack of success shown in a 2014 report, police officials say the Juvenile Robbery Intervention Program is valuable because of the good will it creates. New York Police Dept report finds city's Juvenile Robbery Intervention Program, initiative aimed at reducing robberies by intervening in lives of young offenders, has failed to reduce robberies citywide; department, however, plans to expand program, arguing it builds relationships between officers and minority communities.

The designer will pack an installation with mirrors, shiny wallpaper and other reflective objects. The designer will pack an installation with mirrors, shiny wallpaper and other reflective objects. Fashion designer Thom Browne guest curates exhibit at Cooper Hewitt Smithsonian Design Museum; show, opening in March, will feature footwear and other items from his studio arranged amid frames, mirrors and reflective wall and floor coverings; Browne comments display is meant to explore concepts of individuality and uniformity while creating unique experience for each visitor. 

David Bowie, whose music has been as changeable as his image, enlisted the Donny McCaslin Quartet, a rugged jazz-rock combo, for his new album. David Bowie, whose music has been as changeable as his image, enlisted the Donny McCaslin Quartet, a rugged jazz-rock combo, for his new album. David Bowie will release album Blackstar, collaboration with jazz-rock ensemble Donny McCaslin Quartet, this January; producer Tony Visconti explains latest collection is another example of Bowie’s metamorphic music style, this time inspired by improvisational nature of jazz. 

The Italian conductor, who will become music director of this Washington-based ensemble, is now leading the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra in “The Pearl Fishers.” The Italian conductor, who will become music director of this Washington-based ensemble, is now leading the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra in “The Pearl Fishers.” National Symphony Orchestra announces Italian conductor Gianandrea Noseda will become their next music director, succeeding Christoph Eschenbach in 2017; Noseda says he wants to create exciting and astonishing performances to elevate Washington orchestra's lackluster reputation. 

Cellos and pianos compete, American symphonies have Teutonic titles, and a Steinway system creates new kinds of duets. Cellos and pianos compete, American symphonies have Teutonic titles, and a Steinway system creates new kinds of duets. New York Times critics review six recently released classical music albums. 

The ensemble Counter)induction and the clarinetist Benjamin Fingland presented this program at Spectrum, which also included other contemporary composers. The ensemble Counter)induction and the clarinetist Benjamin Fingland presented this program at Spectrum, which also included other contemporary composers. Vivien Schweitzer reviews electronic music concert featuring ensemble Counter)induction, clarinetist Benjamin Fingland and his wife Jessica Meyer at Spectrum.

For decades, a quarry provided sand used for water filtration. Now it’s lush with fossil discoveries and opened annually to the public. For decades, a quarry provided sand used for water filtration. Now it’s lush with fossil discoveries and opened annually to the public. Quarry behind Lowe's retail store in Mantua Township, NJ, is believed by some to be only known repository of fossils dating to mass extinction event that killed dinosaurs; quarry is opened once a year to volunteer paleontologists eager to uncover remains of dinosaurs and other ancient animals.

The video game company hopes to build a mainstream audience for competitive video gaming through a cable channel. The video game company hopes to build a mainstream audience for competitive video gaming through a cable channel. Video game publisher Activision Blizzard acquires assets of Major League Gaming, pioneer of e-sports, for $46 million.

The novelist focuses his critical eye on the works of familiar artists like Degas, Braque and Magritte, as well as the work of lesser-known masters. The novelist focuses his critical eye on the works of familiar artists like Degas, Braque and Magritte, as well as the work of lesser-known masters. Michiko Kakutani reviews book Keeping an Eye Open: Essays on Art by Julian Barnes. 

The militant group said the assault in a disputed border area was a response to Israel’s killing of Samir Kuntar, a Hezbollah operative, last month. The militant group said the assault in a disputed border area was a response to Israel’s killing of Samir Kuntar, a Hezbollah operative, last month. Roadside bomb placed by Hezbollah forces as part of attack against Israeli-occupied Sheeba Farms strikes military vehicles but causes no causalities; Israel responds by firing artillery into southern Lebanon.

With the rise of self-driving cars, shared ownership and ride-hailing, people may buy fewer cars in the future. General Motors’ large stake in Lyft could help it navigate these trends. With the rise of self-driving cars, shared ownership and ride-hailing, people may buy fewer cars in the future. General Motors’ large stake in Lyft could help it navigate these trends. 

Amnesty International found a 28 percent increase in the number of people sentenced to death in 2014, as some countries resumed capital punishment after suspending it for years. Amnesty International found a 28 percent increase in the number of people sentenced to death in 2014, as some countries resumed capital punishment after suspending it for years. Capital punishment dwindles internationally, though handful of countries still practicing it are executing more people; Amnesty International reports 28 percent increase in death sentences from 2013 to 2014; Saudi Arabia’s execution of Shiite cleric reflects surge in executions for nonlethal offenses.

The alternatives for those who travel frequently on business can include taking food from home or shopping just before a flight. The alternatives for those who travel frequently on business can include taking food from home or shopping just before a flight. Business travelers are discovering creative ways to make their own meals when flying, as airlines continue to limit food service for most passengers.

This series mixes elements of reality television and documentary in looking at a 1997 killing in Louisiana. This series mixes elements of reality television and documentary in looking at a 1997 killing in Louisiana. Mike Hale reviews true crime television series Killing Fields on Discovery. 

In the more powerful of the Monday attacks, a truck of explosives was rammed into the wall of a compound for foreign and Afghan civilian contractors, killing one and injuring more than 20. In the more powerful of the Monday attacks, a truck of explosives was rammed into the wall of a compound for foreign and Afghan civilian contractors, killing one and injuring more than 20. Two separate attacks near Kabul's international airport kill one person and wound 22; Taliban claims responsibility for second, deadly attack, amid speculation militant group seeks leverage ahead of peace talks with officials from Afghanistan, Pakistan, China and United States.

President Obama’s executive actions on guns will stop short of the kind of large-scale changes that he unsuccessfully sought from Congress three years ago. President Obama’s executive actions on guns will stop short of the kind of large-scale changes that he unsuccessfully sought from Congress three years ago. Pres Obama will announce executive actions designed to widen background checks for some gun sales and increase federal enforcement of nation's firearms laws; modest steps represent another attempt to bypass gridlocked Congress on divisive issue.

With contributions from private donors, an art auction and the government-run Heritage Lottery Fund, the British landscape painter’s Sandycombe Lodge will undergo a renovation. With contributions from private donors, an art auction and the government-run Heritage Lottery Fund, the British landscape painter’s Sandycombe Lodge will undergo a renovation. Turner’s House Trust plans $3.5 million restoration of dilapidated Sandycombe Lodge, built in 1800s and former home of British landscape painter J M W Turner; experts say dwelling in bucolic Twickenham community near London is important for its art, architectural and cultural history; trust will reopen home to tourists after yearlong renovation is completed. 

The company voluntarily closed the restaurant on Wednesday after city inspectors cited six violations. No date was given for reopening. The company voluntarily closed the restaurant on Wednesday after city inspectors cited six violations. No date was given for reopening. 

Iran has long been a pariah, but Saudi Arabia’s embrace of the death penalty and its support of extremist Sunni ideology has hardened some Western attitudes. Iran has long been a pariah, but Saudi Arabia’s embrace of the death penalty and its support of extremist Sunni ideology has hardened some Western attitudes. European leaders grow increasingly wary of Saudi Arabia, its main ally and trading partner in Middle East, after kingdom's execution of Shiite cleric draws Iran's ire; worry rivalry between regional powers threatens Europe's newly improved relations with Iran, and warn stability in region is impossible without two countries' cooperation.

At the Pera Museum in Istanbul a show examines how Turkish artists fought cultural restrictions a century ago in order to paint the nude figure. At the Pera Museum in Istanbul a show examines how Turkish artists fought cultural restrictions a century ago in order to paint the nude figure. Pera Museum in Istanbul hosts exhibit Bare, Naked, Nude: A Story of Modernization in Turkish Painting, which examines painting of nudes in Turkish culture; curator Ahu Antmen explains show is study on artistic genre, while others see collection of unclad male and female forms as challenge to country’s oppressive political and religious undertones. 

With only two field paleontologists, the Forest Service has turned for help to a small group of amateur fossil-hunters, many in their 70s and 80s. With only two field paleontologists, the Forest Service has turned for help to a small group of amateur fossil-hunters, many in their 70s and 80s. Dr Bruce Schumacher, one of two paleontologists with United States Forest Service, has developed plan allowing volunteer archaeologists to help uncover dinosaur bones at Picketwire Canyon in Colorado in effort to get bones to museums and scientists; strategy aims to make up for staffing and funding shortcomings.

The research indicates that cirrus clouds trap the heat coming off the Pacific Ocean, further warming the atmosphere. The research indicates that cirrus clouds trap the heat coming off the Pacific Ocean, further warming the atmosphere. Study in journal Nature Geoscience finds clouds help increase effect of El Nino on atmosphere, more than was once thought, by trapping heat.

Researchers on the Spanish island of Majorca have succeeded in eradicating a disease that is devastating amphibians around the world. Researchers on the Spanish island of Majorca have succeeded in eradicating a disease that is devastating amphibians around the world. Study in journal Biology Letters reports researchers on Spanish island of Majorca have eliminated pathogen Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis from among several groups of Majorcan midwife toads; disease has been devastating toad populations worldwide; effort shows infections in wild populations can be controlled via simple but sustained effort.

This series, based on the second book of the fantasy trilogy by Terry Brooks, features characters desperately trying to save a magical tree that protects the world from demons. This series, based on the second book of the fantasy trilogy by Terry Brooks, features characters desperately trying to save a magical tree that protects the world from demons. Neil Genzlinger reviews MTV television series The Shannara Chronicles, based on Terry Brooks fantasy novels, and starring Poppy Drayton and Austin Butler. 

The U.S. Institute for Supply Management said its index of national factory activity fell to 48.2 from 48.6 in November and is now at its lowest level since June 2009. The U.S. Institute for Supply Management said its index of national factory activity fell to 48.2 from 48.6 in November and is now at its lowest level since June 2009. Institute for Supply Management reports index of national factory activity fell to 48.2 in December from 48.6 in November, its lowest level since June 2009; Commerce Department reports construction spending for November dropped 0.4 percent from 0.3 percent rise in October.

The league set records in 2015 for passing attempts, completions and yards per game, as well as for completing percentage and passer rating. The league set records in 2015 for passing attempts, completions and yards per game, as well as for completing percentage and passer rating. Analysis; 2015 saw increase in both quality of passing and number of passes attempted in professional football.

Element 113 is credited to scientists from the Riken institute in Japan, who will bestow an official name more than 12 years after they began their efforts. Element 113 is credited to scientists from the Riken institute in Japan, who will bestow an official name more than 12 years after they began their efforts. Scientists from Riken institute in Japan will bestow official name on Element 113 in periodic table, upending tradition in which Europeans and Americans have monopolized process of naming elements; International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry says Japan has strongest claim to having discovered element.

Readers discuss the fallout from Saudi Arabia’s execution of a Shiite cleric. Readers discuss the fallout from Saudi Arabia’s execution of a Shiite cleric. 

The term “Zhao family,” from a novella by Lu Xun, has resurfaced as a disparaging stand-in for China’s rich and politically connected. The term “Zhao family,” from a novella by Lu Xun, has resurfaced as a disparaging stand-in for China’s rich and politically connected. 

Real Madrid is switching from one of Europe’s most experienced coaches to a largely untested one. Real Madrid is switching from one of Europe’s most experienced coaches to a largely untested one. Zinedine Zidane, midfielder for France in their World Cup win, is named head coach of Real Madrid to replace Rafael Benitez; has limited coaching experience.

Abdul Rahman Haroun, the Sudanese man who walked from France to England, might still face charges for obstructing a railway engine. Abdul Rahman Haroun, the Sudanese man who walked from France to England, might still face charges for obstructing a railway engine. Britain grants asylum to Sudanese migrant Abdul Rahman Haroun, who reached country by walking 31 miles through Channel Tunnel; public opinion is divided on whether Haroun should face criminal charges.

Although Coughlin was one of the Giants’ most successful coaches, especially in the modern era, his last four teams did not qualify for the playoffs. Although Coughlin was one of the Giants’ most successful coaches, especially in the modern era, his last four teams did not qualify for the playoffs. Bill Pennington On Pro Football column examines end to New York Giants' third straight losing season and swan song of head coach Tom Coughlin, who has resigned after 12 seasons with club.

Shrouded in darkness, the ad trumpets Mr. Trump’s call to bar Muslims from entering the United States and promises a wall on the Mexican border. Shrouded in darkness, the ad trumpets Mr. Trump’s call to bar Muslims from entering the United States and promises a wall on the Mexican border. 

Destiny Garcia was charged with murder in the killings of the Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn, couple, whose bodies were found Sunday night. Destiny Garcia was charged with murder in the killings of the Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn, couple, whose bodies were found Sunday night. Fifteen-year-old Destiny Garcia is arrested and charged with murder after her mother Rosie Sanchez and her mother's boyfriend Anderson Nunez are found killed in Brooklyn apartment; Sanchez is found with multiple gunshot wounds and Nunez is found with both gunshot and stab wounds; authorities says Garcia made videotaped confession.

The National Transportation Safety Board released photographs and video footage of the sunken cargo ship that show a breach in its hull. The National Transportation Safety Board released photographs and video footage of the sunken cargo ship that show a breach in its hull. 

The killings take the region on a foolhardy course and deserve powerful American condemnation. The killings take the region on a foolhardy course and deserve powerful American condemnation. Editorial repudiates Saudi Arabia for executing 46 prisoners including Shiite cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr; asserts move perfectly disrupts important efforts to stabilize region, which required cooperation of Iran and its Shiite allies; argues ugly necessity of alliances with Middle Eastern regimes who flout human rights does not excuse America from obligation to strongly condemn them. 

The restaurant’s night manager, Adam Garcia, 28, was killed before dawn on Monday while finishing his shift at a store on Broadway in Kingsbridge, the police said. The restaurant’s night manager, Adam Garcia, 28, was killed before dawn on Monday while finishing his shift at a store on Broadway in Kingsbridge, the police said. Adam Garcia, night manager of McDonalds in Bronx, is stabbed to death in front of restaurant; police are searching for attacker, described as homeless man who was regular at restaurant.

So far, local, state and federal law enforcement agencies have taken a low-key approach, wary of past confrontations that turned into violent sieges. So far, local, state and federal law enforcement agencies have taken a low-key approach, wary of past confrontations that turned into violent sieges. Group of armed protesters calling itself Citizens for Constitutional Freedom takes over Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon as part of national movement to force Washington to release its hold on vast tracts of Western land; occupation, which is so far tolerated by federal government, is latest battle in long-running fight between Westerners who make living off the land and federal government that controls much of it. 

A changing climate and human factors are sending viruses like Zika toward the United States. A changing climate and human factors are sending viruses like Zika toward the United States. Tropical diseases are spreading northward, to United States and elsewhere, driven by climate change; scientists say range of factors determine whether sporadic episodes of mosquito- and tick-borne illnesses will develop into epidemics.

Federal prosecutors stopped short of criminal charges and did not single out individuals in the scandal, but the Clean Air Act penalties could top $19 billion. Federal prosecutors stopped short of criminal charges and did not single out individuals in the scandal, but the Clean Air Act penalties could top $19 billion. Justice Dept sues Volkswagen in federal court, charging company put illegal devices in almost 600,000 diesel engine systems to impair emissions controls, exacerbating air pollution; stops short of criminal charges and does not name individuals.

A simple calculation, using some admittedly subjective numbers, can help you decide which activities give you the most for your money. A simple calculation, using some admittedly subjective numbers, can help you decide which activities give you the most for your money. 

The overturning of a previous conviction in an insider trading case will test the S.E.C.’s efforts in two similar cases. The overturning of a previous conviction in an insider trading case will test the S.E.C.’s efforts in two similar cases. 

An already intense social media debate about policing, race and terrorism finds a new focus after a federal refuge is taken over by armed white men. An already intense social media debate about policing, race and terrorism finds a new focus after a federal refuge is taken over by armed white men. 

The fighting stretched into a third day at the base near the Indian-Pakistan border, which was infiltrated Saturday by at least six attackers described as a “well-trained suicidal squad.” The fighting stretched into a third day at the base near the Indian-Pakistan border, which was infiltrated Saturday by at least six attackers described as a “well-trained suicidal squad.” Indian authorities announce killing of fifth gunman in ongoing standoff at Indian Air Force base near Pakistan border.

Dr. Jonathan Zizmor’s advertisements promising remedies for all kinds of skin problems have been part of the city’s subway system since the early 1980s. Dr. Jonathan Zizmor’s advertisements promising remedies for all kinds of skin problems have been part of the city’s subway system since the early 1980s. Dr Jonathan Zizmor, dermatologist whose familiar face has graced New York City subway ads for over 25 years, has retired and closed his Manhattan-based practice; campy and ubiquitous subway billboards brought Zizmor to cult-like status and recognition across all five boroughs. 

Readers react to articles in Science Times. Readers react to articles in Science Times. 

Doctors often use a fairly simple formula to predict the adult height of a child, based significantly on the parents’ heights. Doctors often use a fairly simple formula to predict the adult height of a child, based significantly on the parents’ heights. Science Q&A weighs whether children are usually taller than their parents.

The music competition show’s final season, its 15th, begins on Wednesday. The music competition show’s final season, its 15th, begins on Wednesday. James Poniewozik Critic's Notebook marks start of music competition show American Idol's 15th and last season; comments upon show's long-term appeal to broad audience, noting that at its acme it was a weekly spot for all ages and varying tastes.

Seattle (10-6), a 5½-point favorite to win at Minnesota (11-5) on Sunday, has the potential to be a dangerous team in the N.F.L. playoffs. Seattle (10-6), a 5½-point favorite to win at Minnesota (11-5) on Sunday, has the potential to be a dangerous team in the N.F.L. playoffs. Seattle Seahawks, who are considered surging team despite 10-6 record, earn lowest seed in NFC playoffs and will play first round against Minnesota Vikings in Minneapolis.

Last year, the United States was roiled by hostility toward immigrants. Yet stories about the insight of outsiders also emerged in literature and on the big screen. Last year, the United States was roiled by hostility toward immigrants. Yet stories about the insight of outsiders also emerged in literature and on the big screen. 

The justices, who decide whether to recuse themselves from cases, will consider whether a former Pennsylvania judge should have declined to hear an appeal of a death sentence. The justices, who decide whether to recuse themselves from cases, will consider whether a former Pennsylvania judge should have declined to hear an appeal of a death sentence. Adam Liptak Sidebar column; Supreme Court will hear arguments about whether former Judge Ronald D Castille of Pennsylvania's State Supreme Court should have recused himself from hearing Terrance Williams' death sentence appeal, given his prior involvement in Williams' prosecution.

The engagement of the designer and the chairman of the LVMH Fashion Group has been announced (on Instagram, of course). The engagement of the designer and the chairman of the LVMH Fashion Group has been announced (on Instagram, of course). Engagement of Pierre-Yves Roussel, LVMH Fashion Group chairman and chief executive, to fashion designer Tory Burch sets business precedent by uniting two fashion empires.

Google’s Inbox program tries to sort Gmail messages into logical groupings so they are easier to manage — especially on a mobile device. Google’s Inbox program tries to sort Gmail messages into logical groupings so they are easier to manage — especially on a mobile device. Tech Tips; difference between google's Gmail and Inbox email services discussed. 

Makarim Wibisono cited Israel’s refusal to grant him access to the West Bank and Gaza as he stepped down from the United Nations Human Rights Council. Makarim Wibisono cited Israel’s refusal to grant him access to the West Bank and Gaza as he stepped down from the United Nations Human Rights Council. Makarim Wibisono submits resignation from post as United Nations rapporteur for human rights in Palestinian territories after Israel refuses his multiple requests for access to the West Bank and Gaza; resignation is set to take effect March 31. 

Even a feud between two leading petroleum producers may not faze a world awash in cheap oil. Even a feud between two leading petroleum producers may not faze a world awash in cheap oil. Oil prices close lower after early gains, despite feud between Iran and Saudi Arabia; world oil glut persists.

The events have alarmed many who fear the historic agreement guaranteeing the former British colony its separate government and legal system may have been dealt a blow. The events have alarmed many who fear the historic agreement guaranteeing the former British colony its separate government and legal system may have been dealt a blow. Hong Kong is on edge after disappearance of five men associated with Mighty Current Media, prolific publisher of thinly-documented books critical of Chinese authorities; some suspect Chinese government is behind abductions, and fear city's quasi-independent legal and political status could be compromised.

Beyond the financial backing, the carmaker will develop an autonomous on-demand network of self-driving cars. Beyond the financial backing, the carmaker will develop an autonomous on-demand network of self-driving cars. Ride-hailing service Lyft says General Motors has invested $500 million in company, comprising half of its latest $1 billion venture financing round; funding values firm at $4.5 billion, not including new capital.

Bahrain, Sudan and the United Arab Emirates severed or downgraded ties in the dispute, which could set back efforts to broker peace in Syria. Bahrain, Sudan and the United Arab Emirates severed or downgraded ties in the dispute, which could set back efforts to broker peace in Syria. 

The moves by the two Scandinavian countries represented another step in the erosion of the ideal of borderless travel across most of the European Union. The moves by the two Scandinavian countries represented another step in the erosion of the ideal of borderless travel across most of the European Union. Ongoing flow of migrants into northern Europe prompts Sweden and Denmark, once among region's more welcoming countries, to tighten borders; measures responding to economic concerns, practical difficulties of processing refugees and populist anti-immigrant political pressure, further imperil goal of frictionless intercontinental travel.

Changes to how hospitals are paid can affect both admission and discharge decisions. Changes to how hospitals are paid can affect both admission and discharge decisions. The Upshot; financial incentives are important in hospital admission and discharge decisions for patients; average hospital stay in United States is around 4.5 days, compared with 7.3 days in 1980; shift appears to be result of Medicare's decision to only pay predetermined rate linked to individual patient's diagnosis rather than what hospitals claimed their costs were.

At lunches, dinners, cocktails, teas and more, hopefuls try to curry favor with voters before nominations are revealed next week. At lunches, dinners, cocktails, teas and more, hopefuls try to curry favor with voters before nominations are revealed next week. 

A few adult children have found that the simplest arrangement can be found in an apartment at the same retirement community. A few adult children have found that the simplest arrangement can be found in an apartment at the same retirement community. Paula Span The New Old Age column examines trend of aging children of very elderly parents moving into retirement communities together; caregivers may be 70 years or older themselves and caring for parents upwards of 90, consequence of lengthening life spans.

The documents, unsealed as part of a lawsuit, show discussions about dressing up data at the airbag supplier, which is under fire for defective devices. The documents, unsealed as part of a lawsuit, show discussions about dressing up data at the airbag supplier, which is under fire for defective devices. Recently unsealed internal emails obtained by New York Times suggest Takata Corp boldly rigged testing data on its faulty airbags; emails, which discussed testing of airbag inflaters that contain propellant, point to company-wide broad manipulation, involving open communications among Takata employees in Japan and United States.

Supporters of Senator Marco Rubio, Senator Ted Cruz, Jeb Bush and Mike Huckabee are poised to unleash a wave of ferocious attacks before the Iowa caucuses and New Hampshire primary. Supporters of Senator Marco Rubio, Senator Ted Cruz, Jeb Bush and Mike Huckabee are poised to unleash a wave of ferocious attacks before the Iowa caucuses and New Hampshire primary. 

Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s executive action will affect about 28,000 workers who are employed by the state’s university system. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s executive action will affect about 28,000 workers who are employed by the state’s university system. New York Gov Andrew Cuomo announces plan to raise minimum wage for state university workers to $15; plan calls for wages to rise gradually, peaking in New York City by end of 2018 and elsewhere in state by 2021; scheme is part of overall push to address inadequate wages across state.

The president is determined to remain relevant in his final year of office, a time that recent experience shows can be of enormous consequence even if his influence is waning. The president is determined to remain relevant in his final year of office, a time that recent experience shows can be of enormous consequence even if his influence is waning. Pres Obama will deliver his annual national address couple of weeks earlier than planned as part of effort to stay relevant until end of his term; plans to outline closing agenda, which will include attempt to collaborate with Republican-led Congress on his Asian-Pacific trade deal and legislation overhauling criminal justice system.

New research into tax cheating aims to answer the question of what will get people to pay their taxes. The answer, emphatically, is to check on them. New research into tax cheating aims to answer the question of what will get people to pay their taxes. The answer, emphatically, is to check on them. Internal Revenue Service estimates 83 percent of 2006 taxes were paid upfront, leaving $450 billion chunk evaded or otherwise uncollected; recent research is attempting to find low-cost ways to get more taxpayers to pay what they owe.

Weak manufacturing data for China and worries about the depreciation of the renminbi pushed stocks in the United States and Europe sharply lower. Weak manufacturing data for China and worries about the depreciation of the renminbi pushed stocks in the United States and Europe sharply lower. Worries over slowdown in China's economy causes stock markets worldwide to slump; Chinese stocks lose almost 7 percent of value, leading to temporary suspension of trading, while Standard & Poor's 500-stock index in United States tumbles 1.5 percent.

The quake, of magnitude 6.7, left scores wounded, and the death toll was expected to rise. The quake, of magnitude 6.7, left scores wounded, and the death toll was expected to rise. At least six people are killed by earthquake in Manipur State in northeastern India, with toll expected to rise as rescuers continue their work; neighboring Bangladesh attributes three deaths to 6.7 magnitude tremor.

Over all, the front-office changes this year were mild relative to other seasons, and the league had its hands full with other issues. Over all, the front-office changes this year were mild relative to other seasons, and the league had its hands full with other issues. Several NFL teams make expected coaching and management changes day after end of regular season, but more are likely in coming days.

A study published this week found that treating ants with chemicals can alter the responsibilities they take on in a colony. A study published this week found that treating ants with chemicals can alter the responsibilities they take on in a colony. Study in journal Science finds treating Florida carpenter ants with chemical compounds can alter their behavior, and roles within a colony, by manipulating ants' epigenetic makeup. 

“Sequentially Sought,” an exhibition at the Howard Greenberg Gallery, showcases Marvin Newman’s sometimes tongue-in-cheek series from 1950s New York and Chicago. “Sequentially Sought,” an exhibition at the Howard Greenberg Gallery, showcases Marvin Newman’s sometimes tongue-in-cheek series from 1950s New York and Chicago. 

Law enforcement officials’ response to armed antigovernment confrontations has changed over time. Here are examples. Law enforcement officials’ response to armed antigovernment confrontations has changed over time. Here are examples. 

 Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said that he regretted his decision “every day” but that it was the right one for him and his family. Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said that he regretted his decision “every day” but that it was the right one for him and his family.

 Donald J. Trump will speak at Liberty University, the conservative school where Senator Ted Cruz kicked off his campaign. Donald J. Trump will speak at Liberty University, the conservative school where Senator Ted Cruz kicked off his campaign.

 Jeb Bush admits he admires some things about Donald J. Trump – but then asks if he really is qualified to be president. Jeb Bush admits he admires some things about Donald J. Trump – but then asks if he really is qualified to be president.

 The police in Burlington, Vt. — the hometown of Senator Sanders — said the Trump campaign had confirmed that 6,500 people plan to attend a rally on Thursday in an arena that seats 1,400. The police in Burlington, Vt. — the hometown of Senator Sanders — said the Trump campaign had confirmed that 6,500 people plan to attend a rally on Thursday in an arena that seats 1,400.

 Andrew Ries returns with a formidable Thursday challenge. Andrew Ries returns with a formidable Thursday challenge.

 As Senator Marco Rubio tries to expand his popularity in Iowa, he is speaking directly to the state’s influential Christian population in a new television commercial. As Senator Marco Rubio tries to expand his popularity in Iowa, he is speaking directly to the state’s influential Christian population in a new television commercial.

A new book takes a look at the collective’s groundbreaking work in “speaking of our lives as only we can.” A new book takes a look at the collective’s groundbreaking work in “speaking of our lives as only we can.” 

 Mr. Cruz visited an events center in Spencer and praised Representative Steve King and gave advice to a 5-year-old boy awaiting the tooth fairy. Mr. Cruz visited an events center in Spencer and praised Representative Steve King and gave advice to a 5-year-old boy awaiting the tooth fairy.

The oil industry, with its history of booms and busts, has been in its deepest downturn since the 1990s, if not earlier. The oil industry, with its history of booms and busts, has been in its deepest downturn since the 1990s, if not earlier. 

A look at apps that help you document your daily life, through words, pictures and social media. A look at apps that help you document your daily life, through words, pictures and social media. 

 A tax on sugary drinks in Mexico appears to have had a significant impact: After one year, a new study found, sales of sugary beverages in Mexico fell while bottled water purchases rose. A tax on sugary drinks in Mexico appears to have had a significant impact: After one year, a new study found, sales of sugary beverages in Mexico fell while bottled water purchases rose.

 A large new study has found that taking oral contraceptives around the time of pregnancy did not increase the risk of birth defects. A large new study has found that taking oral contraceptives around the time of pregnancy did not increase the risk of birth defects.

Zinedine Zidane demostró habilidades extraordinarias en el campo, pero aún debe probarse como un líder capaz de inspirar y enseñar a sus jugadores. Zinedine Zidane demostró habilidades extraordinarias en el campo, pero aún debe probarse como un líder capaz de inspirar y enseñar a sus jugadores. 

A complaint to the Department of Education against the University of Mary Washington over a Yik Yak-related episode contains graphic language. A complaint to the Department of Education against the University of Mary Washington over a Yik Yak-related episode contains graphic language. 

 Mr. Cruz visited a Godfather’s Pizza in Spirit Lake and, when asked about gun rights, recounted a tale of a woman who had been pulled over while carrying a derringer in her boot. Mr. Cruz visited a Godfather’s Pizza in Spirit Lake and, when asked about gun rights, recounted a tale of a woman who had been pulled over while carrying a derringer in her boot.

 A defender of federal employees’ rights and safety decries the slow government response to the occupation of a national wildlife refuge. A defender of federal employees’ rights and safety decries the slow government response to the occupation of a national wildlife refuge.

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

 Governor Kasich responded to a reader’s question during his visit to the editorial board. Governor Kasich responded to a reader’s question during his visit to the editorial board.

Ri Chun-hee, a host for North Korean state television for over 40 years, returned after a four-year absence to announce, despite international doubts, the country’s test of a hydrogen bomb. Ri Chun-hee, a host for North Korean state television for over 40 years, returned after a four-year absence to announce, despite international doubts, the country’s test of a hydrogen bomb. 

 The musical, about the internment of Japanese-Americans during World War II, will have played 113 regular performances when it finishes. The musical, about the internment of Japanese-Americans during World War II, will have played 113 regular performances when it finishes.

During a visit to the editorial board, the candidate took a moment to answer a question from a Times reader. During a visit to the editorial board, the candidate took a moment to answer a question from a Times reader. 

For her residency at 303 Gallery, Sarah Meyohas will trade on the New York Stock Exchange and create paintings based on the experience in real time. For her residency at 303 Gallery, Sarah Meyohas will trade on the New York Stock Exchange and create paintings based on the experience in real time. 

 Photos from Serbia, Yemen, Syria and the United States. Photos from Serbia, Yemen, Syria and the United States.

Serbia and Elsewhere: Pictures of the Day Serbia and Elsewhere: Pictures of the Day 

 Michael Huerta, the agency’s administrator, indicated that many users had not registered their drones and said he recognized the difficulty in informing the public about the requirement. Michael Huerta, the agency’s administrator, indicated that many users had not registered their drones and said he recognized the difficulty in informing the public about the requirement.

Desde que la economía colapsó, algunas cosas simplemente no se venden aquí. Otras —como el papel higiénico— existen en el mercado negro, pero son difíciles de encontrar. Desde que la economía colapsó, algunas cosas simplemente no se venden aquí. Otras —como el papel higiénico— existen en el mercado negro, pero son difíciles de encontrar. 

 Mr. Trump responded to a reader’s question during a visit to the editorial board. Mr. Trump responded to a reader’s question during a visit to the editorial board.

During a visit to the editorial board, the candidate took a moment to answer a question from a Times reader. During a visit to the editorial board, the candidate took a moment to answer a question from a Times reader. 

 The goal of letting kids invest is to teach them that buying individual stocks is essentially gambling before there’s much money involved. The goal of letting kids invest is to teach them that buying individual stocks is essentially gambling before there’s much money involved.

At Sqirl, Jessica Koslow’s restaurant with a cult following, a warm and healing drink riffs on the classic hot toddy. At Sqirl, Jessica Koslow’s restaurant with a cult following, a warm and healing drink riffs on the classic hot toddy. 

 In Sibley, Iowa, Ted Cruz lampooned the anodyne “issues” pages populating most candidates’ websites. In Sibley, Iowa, Ted Cruz lampooned the anodyne “issues” pages populating most candidates’ websites.

Nicholas Casey, el nuevo corresponsal de The New York Times en la región andina, compartirá en esta sección todas las vivencias de su primer mes en Venezuela. Nicholas Casey, el nuevo corresponsal de The New York Times en la región andina, compartirá en esta sección todas las vivencias de su primer mes en Venezuela. 

The political reporter Michael Barbaro writes about the dust-up the presidential candidate Marco Rubio kicked up with his new boots. The political reporter Michael Barbaro writes about the dust-up the presidential candidate Marco Rubio kicked up with his new boots. 

The plan to open a luxury property called Paradise Found in Barbuda has stalled, though the government vows construction will begin this year. The plan to open a luxury property called Paradise Found in Barbuda has stalled, though the government vows construction will begin this year. 

The photographer Norbert Schoerner and art director Steve Nakamura launch “Nearly Eternal,” a book of artificial food samples doing strange things. The photographer Norbert Schoerner and art director Steve Nakamura launch “Nearly Eternal,” a book of artificial food samples doing strange things. 

North Korea claimed on Wednesday that it had tested a hydrogen bomb, the most powerful kind of nuclear weapon. North Korea claimed on Wednesday that it had tested a hydrogen bomb, the most powerful kind of nuclear weapon. 

Several bartenders in Milan have taken to creating drinks, like the Surfer’s Den’s Ape Vigorosa, inspired by the freewheeling Futurist movement. Several bartenders in Milan have taken to creating drinks, like the Surfer’s Den’s Ape Vigorosa, inspired by the freewheeling Futurist movement. 

The city’s Surfer’s Den is at the forefront of a crop of bars reimagining recipes from the freewheeling, century-old art movement. The city’s Surfer’s Den is at the forefront of a crop of bars reimagining recipes from the freewheeling, century-old art movement. 

 Ted Cruz, reacting to North Korea’s claim that it tested a hydrogen bomb, offered his appraisal of the country’s leader, Kim Jong-un, calling him a “crazy nutcase.” Ted Cruz, reacting to North Korea’s claim that it tested a hydrogen bomb, offered his appraisal of the country’s leader, Kim Jong-un, calling him a “crazy nutcase.”

A major background check loophole, variation in state laws and incomplete record-sharing leave openings for people with mental illness to purchase guns. A major background check loophole, variation in state laws and incomplete record-sharing leave openings for people with mental illness to purchase guns. 

 Facebook’s Oculus has set a price and other details for its Oculus Rift virtual reality system. Facebook’s Oculus has set a price and other details for its Oculus Rift virtual reality system.

 Shakespeare’s “Cymbeline” will be reworked as “Imogen” at the Globe. Shakespeare’s “Cymbeline” will be reworked as “Imogen” at the Globe.

 In addition to hiring Candice Morgan to lead its diversity efforts, Pinterest said it will launch two initiatives to introduce more engineers from underrepresented backgrounds into the field of technology. In addition to hiring Candice Morgan to lead its diversity efforts, Pinterest said it will launch two initiatives to introduce more engineers from underrepresented backgrounds into the field of technology.

While FanDuel and DraftKings look the other way, a small set of sophisticated high rollers is preying upon millions of innocent newbies — like me — every day. While FanDuel and DraftKings look the other way, a small set of sophisticated high rollers is preying upon millions of innocent newbies — like me — every day. 

Angel H. Parra Penafiel and Hugo Ramirez-Morales have been charged with felony grand larceny in the theft of about $30,000 worth of hay over nearly three years in Westchester County. Angel H. Parra Penafiel and Hugo Ramirez-Morales have been charged with felony grand larceny in the theft of about $30,000 worth of hay over nearly three years in Westchester County. 

The only recipe for whole-roasted cauliflower you’ll ever need, and more recipes for the week. The only recipe for whole-roasted cauliflower you’ll ever need, and more recipes for the week. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: India and Pakistan are close to a truce in 1966. From the International Herald Tribune archives: India and Pakistan are close to a truce in 1966.

A small group of armed protesters have seized parts of a wildlife sanctuary — putting a rural Oregon county in the spotlight. A small group of armed protesters have seized parts of a wildlife sanctuary — putting a rural Oregon county in the spotlight. 

 For several years running, marketers have said the time for 4K TVs has arrived. But sales may not take off this year, either, given a classic dilemma the new TVs face. For several years running, marketers have said the time for 4K TVs has arrived. But sales may not take off this year, either, given a classic dilemma the new TVs face.

Home prices in Trinidad and Tobago fell by about 20 percent after the global real estate crisis of 2008 and have yet to fully recover. Home prices in Trinidad and Tobago fell by about 20 percent after the global real estate crisis of 2008 and have yet to fully recover. International House Hunting column; 7,000 square foot clifftop villa with Balinese pavilions and Atlantic Ocean views near Scarborough, largest city on Tobago, is listed at $4.43 million; market and tips for buying in Trinidad and Tobago highlighted.

The 7,000-square-foot Indonesian-influenced house, which overlooks the ocean, is on the market for $4.43 million. The 7,000-square-foot Indonesian-influenced house, which overlooks the ocean, is on the market for $4.43 million. 

 Over a thousand readers shared what they feel are the biggest issues facing the United States this year. Here’s a sampling of what they said. Over a thousand readers shared what they feel are the biggest issues facing the United States this year. Here’s a sampling of what they said.

This week’s properties include a timber-frame house in Montana, a contemporary in San Diego and a farmhouse in Massachusetts. This week’s properties include a timber-frame house in Montana, a contemporary in San Diego and a farmhouse in Massachusetts. 

A timber-frame house in Montana, a contemporary in San Diego and a farmhouse in Massachusetts A timber-frame house in Montana, a contemporary in San Diego and a farmhouse in Massachusetts 

 Donald J. Trump continued to fan the flames of doubt over Senator Ted Cruz’s citizenship, suggesting that the Texas senator’s Canadian roots might be a problem if he won the Republican presidential nomination. Donald J. Trump continued to fan the flames of doubt over Senator Ted Cruz’s citizenship, suggesting that the Texas senator’s Canadian roots might be a problem if he won the Republican presidential nomination.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: President Roosevelt asks Congress to approve loans to Allied nations in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: President Roosevelt asks Congress to approve loans to Allied nations in 1941.

A theatergoer in the advance-sale line for a sold-out Broadway show discovered that luck sometimes just happens. A theatergoer in the advance-sale line for a sold-out Broadway show discovered that luck sometimes just happens. 

 In this lesson, we ask students to study the 14th Amendment to discern what it means and how it has been interpreted. Then, we suggest Times articles that examine how our criminal justice system treats black people in comparison to white people. In this lesson, we ask students to study the 14th Amendment to discern what it means and how it has been interpreted. Then, we suggest Times articles that examine how our criminal justice system treats black people in comparison to white people.

What the armed activists don’t understand about freedom and the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. What the armed activists don’t understand about freedom and the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. 

 The tax fraud trial of the international art dealer Guy Wildenstein was delayed until May. The tax fraud trial of the international art dealer Guy Wildenstein was delayed until May.

 The deal shows that sizable funding rounds for private companies are continuing, even after some investors said last year that they were beginning to see a slowdown. The deal shows that sizable funding rounds for private companies are continuing, even after some investors said last year that they were beginning to see a slowdown.

 In a campaign that has been overshadowed and altered by Donald J. Trump, the debate has focused heavily on immigration and on a general disgust with Washington. But Tuesday was a rare day that was thick with policy substance and increased tensions among candidates. In a campaign that has been overshadowed and altered by Donald J. Trump, the debate has focused heavily on immigration and on a general disgust with Washington. But Tuesday was a rare day that was thick with policy substance and increased tensions among candidates.

The star of “45 Years” says the role of “the sweet girlfriend who is happily following the man” never appealed to her. The star of “45 Years” says the role of “the sweet girlfriend who is happily following the man” never appealed to her. 

Political observers say that President Obama appears to have avoided the pitfalls that often undermine a second presidential term. Political observers say that President Obama appears to have avoided the pitfalls that often undermine a second presidential term. 

 He’s gone, but I’m still keeping my promises to him. He’s gone, but I’m still keeping my promises to him.

 Mr. Murphy, Democrat of Connecticut, who took his seat a month before the shooting at Newtown Elementary School in Sandy Hook and who has been trying to secure gun control legislation since, had mixed feelings about President Obama’s announced actions on Tuesday. Mr. Murphy, Democrat of Connecticut, who took his seat a month before the shooting at Newtown Elementary School in Sandy Hook and who has been trying to secure gun control legislation since, had mixed feelings about President Obama’s announced actions on Tuesday.

 Nevada will be the third state to hold its nominating contest, and Hillary Clinton, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Martin O’Malley will appear individually on Wednesday to seek support from the state’s Democratic Party. Nevada will be the third state to hold its nominating contest, and Hillary Clinton, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Martin O’Malley will appear individually on Wednesday to seek support from the state’s Democratic Party.

 Some Trump supporters are making a push for Democrats and independents who are considering voting for him, arguing that they should switch parties so that they can vote in states that allow only Republicans to vote in the primary elections. Some Trump supporters are making a push for Democrats and independents who are considering voting for him, arguing that they should switch parties so that they can vote in states that allow only Republicans to vote in the primary elections.

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

Wednesday: New plans for L.I.R.R., still-chilly weather, and song for your day. Wednesday: New plans for L.I.R.R., still-chilly weather, and song for your day. 

 People can work with a diabetes educator to develop an eating plan that includes their favorite foods, albeit in limited amounts. People can work with a diabetes educator to develop an eating plan that includes their favorite foods, albeit in limited amounts.

 Representative Steve Israel, Democrat of New York, is leaving the House, but several Democrats said there were few signs that Ms. Pelosi, about whom there have been suggestions over the years that she was considering stepping aside at the end of President Obama’s second term, was set to leave. Representative Steve Israel, Democrat of New York, is leaving the House, but several Democrats said there were few signs that Ms. Pelosi, about whom there have been suggestions over the years that she was considering stepping aside at the end of President Obama’s second term, was set to leave.

 Centerview Benefits From Wall Street Pivot | Valeant Said to Be Planning to Appoint New Chief Centerview Benefits From Wall Street Pivot | Valeant Said to Be Planning to Appoint New Chief

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including a restaurant from the actress Jessica Biel and a travel site from Gilt.com. What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including a restaurant from the actress Jessica Biel and a travel site from Gilt.com. 

 To protect the heads of football players, it might be advisable to have them occasionally practice without head protection, according to a counterintuitive new study of a successful Division I football program. To protect the heads of football players, it might be advisable to have them occasionally practice without head protection, according to a counterintuitive new study of a successful Division I football program.

 Is the term “cuffing season” — the increased desire to have a significant other during the cold-weather months — familiar to you? If so, do you notice it in your friends? Yourself? Is the term “cuffing season” — the increased desire to have a significant other during the cold-weather months — familiar to you? If so, do you notice it in your friends? Yourself?

 Looking for a different narrative in a conflict-torn region, Natalie Keyssar looked at the lives of young people in Goma in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo. Looking for a different narrative in a conflict-torn region, Natalie Keyssar looked at the lives of young people in Goma in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo.

This confounding capital, a mix of past and present, freedom and restriction, has come alive with new energy and ingenuity. This confounding capital, a mix of past and present, freedom and restriction, has come alive with new energy and ingenuity. 

 What new executive actions intended to reduce the number of mass shootings, suicides and killings, did President Obama announce? What new executive actions intended to reduce the number of mass shootings, suicides and killings, did President Obama announce?

The West won’t be won by ideologues brandishing guns and seizing government property. The West won’t be won by ideologues brandishing guns and seizing government property. Op-Ed article by Prof Nancy Langston argues anti-government militia's takeover of Oregon's Malheur National Wildlife Refuge is motivated by anger based on mythologized version of history; asserts American West's true history is complex interplay of government, corporate and local interests, and region's future health depends on cooperation between them.

What wellspring of feeling is the leading Republican candidate tapping into that his opponents aren’t? What wellspring of feeling is the leading Republican candidate tapping into that his opponents aren’t? 

Here’s the radical campaign platform we need. We’re just not ready for it. Here’s the radical campaign platform we need. We’re just not ready for it. Thomas L Friedman Op-Ed column outlines potential platform for 'nonpartisan extremist' presidential candidate, one who could uniquely address America's challenges.

Russia is a mafia state, not only because it is run like the mafia but also because it is run by organized crime. Russia is a mafia state, not only because it is run like the mafia but also because it is run by organized crime. Op-Ed article by Masha Gessen argues recent court proceedings in Britian and Spain, along with two films and several journalistic investigations, show Pres Vladimir V Putin runs Russia with apparent links to one of country's most well-known organized crime families. 

Turkey’s president, who has built a disturbing record, defended his push for greater executive powers by citing precedent in “Hitler’s Germany.” Turkey’s president, who has built a disturbing record, defended his push for greater executive powers by citing precedent in “Hitler’s Germany.” Editorial excoriates increasingly autocratic statements and actions of Turkish Prime Min Recep Tayyip Erdogan, particularly his recent treatment of country's Kurdish minority; warns such behavior gravely undermines Turkey's status as Muslim democracy and NATO member.

Gov. Andrew Cuomo’s order to keep the homeless off the cold streets seems intended to spotlight, not end, the city’s festering problem. Gov. Andrew Cuomo’s order to keep the homeless off the cold streets seems intended to spotlight, not end, the city’s festering problem. Editorial examines New York Gov Andrew Cuomo's executive order requiring removal of homeless people from street in freezing temperatures; acknowledges positive sentiment behind directive, but questions legality and logistics of implementing it; suggests move is motivated in part by political rivalry with New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, and asserts need for more cooperation between the two politicians on solutions.

 Some will wear a headscarf in solidarity with Muslim women. Others say that only perpetuates the sexist dogma of conservative clerics. Some will wear a headscarf in solidarity with Muslim women. Others say that only perpetuates the sexist dogma of conservative clerics.

Quotation of the Day for Wednesday, January 6, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Wednesday, January 6, 2016. 

Corrections appearing in print on Wednesday, January 6, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Wednesday, January 6, 2016. 

“American Idol” gives us a reason to watch again in its farewell season. “American Crime” explores rape in a high school setting. And Netflix’s “River” is the show to binge on. “American Idol” gives us a reason to watch again in its farewell season. “American Crime” explores rape in a high school setting. And Netflix’s “River” is the show to binge on. 

The American hairless terrier and the sloughi, an ancient North African hound, have joined 187 other breeds recognized by the American Kennel Club. The American hairless terrier and the sloughi, an ancient North African hound, have joined 187 other breeds recognized by the American Kennel Club. 

Nina Loeseth became the first Norwegian winner of a women’s World Cup slalom in 16 years, beating Sarka Strachova of the Czech Republic. Nina Loeseth became the first Norwegian winner of a women’s World Cup slalom in 16 years, beating Sarka Strachova of the Czech Republic. Norway's Nina Loseth beats Czech Republic's Sarka Strachova in Santa Caterina Valfurva, Italy to become first Norwegian winner of women’s World Cup slalom in 16 years. 

Deron Williams hit a 3-pointer at the buzzer in the second overtime, and Dallas beat Sacramento for its 22nd consecutive home victory over the Kings. Deron Williams hit a 3-pointer at the buzzer in the second overtime, and Dallas beat Sacramento for its 22nd consecutive home victory over the Kings. Dallas Mavericks beat Sacramento Kings, 117-116; other NBA scores noted.

The all-American cornerback Jalen Ramsey said he was leaving Florida State after his junior season. California receiver Kenny Lawler will also skip his senior year. The all-American cornerback Jalen Ramsey said he was leaving Florida State after his junior season. California receiver Kenny Lawler will also skip his senior year. All-American cornerback Jalen Ramsey says he will forego his junior season at Florida State and enter NFL draft; other college football news noted.

Finland staged a late comeback with three goals in the third period of a 4-3 win at the world junior hockey championship. The United States beat Sweden, 8-3, for the bronze. Finland staged a late comeback with three goals in the third period of a 4-3 win at the world junior hockey championship. The United States beat Sweden, 8-3, for the bronze. Finland beats Russia, 4-3, to win gold medal at world junior hockey championship in Helsinki.

Williams retired during her Hopman Cup match. Other injured players include Maria Sharapova and Simona Halep at the Brisbane International in Australia. Williams retired during her Hopman Cup match. Other injured players include Maria Sharapova and Simona Halep at the Brisbane International in Australia. Serena Williams leaves competition, due to knee inflammation, during her Hopman Cup match in Perth, Australia; other tennis news noted.

Dalton’s passing hand was finally free, liberated from the black cast that has covered his right forearm and dampened his spirits for three weeks. Dalton’s passing hand was finally free, liberated from the black cast that has covered his right forearm and dampened his spirits for three weeks. NFL Roundup; Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Andy Dalton, whose broken right thumb is nearly healed, may be available as backup to AJ McCarron for playoff game against Pittsburgh Steelers; other football news noted.

The library is releasing over 180,000 photographs, maps and other public-domain items in downloadable high-resolution files for patrons to use as they wish. The library is releasing over 180,000 photographs, maps and other public-domain items in downloadable high-resolution files for patrons to use as they wish. New York Public Library releases high-resolution images of over 180,000 items from special collections archive for free download; initiative is new way for library to provide information and promote creative use of public-domain materials.

Tim Quarterman had 21 points, 10 rebounds and 7 assists for the Tigers, who never trailed after tying the score at 2-2 and kept their lead in or near double digits for much of the game. Tim Quarterman had 21 points, 10 rebounds and 7 assists for the Tigers, who never trailed after tying the score at 2-2 and kept their lead in or near double digits for much of the game. College Basketball Men's Roundup; Louisiana State routs Kentucky, 85-67; other college basketball scores noted.

Washington beat Boston for the fourth straight time and moved into the N.H.L. lead with 61 points while Florida routed Buffalo to extend a franchise-record streak. Washington beat Boston for the fourth straight time and moved into the N.H.L. lead with 61 points while Florida routed Buffalo to extend a franchise-record streak. NHL Roundup; Washington Capitals beat Boston Bruins, 3-2; other hockey scores noted.

Ammon Bundy, the leader of the group of armed protesters in Oregon, has a family history of fighting the federal government. Ammon Bundy, the leader of the group of armed protesters in Oregon, has a family history of fighting the federal government. 

The Department of Education proposed the rezoning to alleviate crowding at a mostly white school, Public School 8. But the debate over the move has raised thorny issues of race and class. The Department of Education proposed the rezoning to alleviate crowding at a mostly white school, Public School 8. But the debate over the move has raised thorny issues of race and class. New York City Education Dept approves plan to rezone two Brooklyn schools, shifting Dumbo neighborhood from zone that serves Brooklyn Heights to one that serves Vinegar Hill; plan, which aims to alleviate crowding at mostly white elementary school, has raised complicated issues of gentrification, class and race.

 This word has appeared in 85 New York Times articles in the past year. This word has appeared in 85 New York Times articles in the past year.

CHELOUCHE--Roslyn R. (Ros), May 24, 1937-December 31, 2015. Loving mother of Adina Chelouche (George Tellides); cherished grandmother of Alexander, Theodore and Julia Tellides. Services will be held at Plaza Jewish Community Chapel, NYC on January 7 at 12:45pm. 1/3 CHELOUCHE--Roslyn R. (Ros), May 24, 1937-December 31, 2015. Loving mother of Adina Chelouche (George Tellides); cherished grandmother of Alexander, Theodore and Julia Tellides. Services will be held at Plaza Jewish Community Chapel, NYC on January 7 at 12:45pm. 1/3 

HIRSCHBERG--Gary, of Manhattan and previously of Mamaroneck, died on January 4, 2016. Beloved husband of Virginia. Loving father of Stacy (Andrew) and Amanda (Dan). Adoring grandfather of Phoebe, Parker, Zachary, Brady, and Skylar. Devoted husband of the late Peggy. A graveside service will be held today, 11:00am, at Mt. Hope Cemetery, 50 Jackson Ave., Hastings-On-Hudson, NY 10706. In lieu of flowers, gifts may be made to M.I.T. in memory of Gary Hirschberg, '61 at giving.mit.edu. 1/3 HIRSCHBERG--Gary, of Manhattan and previously of Mamaroneck, died on January 4, 2016. Beloved husband of Virginia. Loving father of Stacy (Andrew) and Amanda (Dan). Adoring grandfather of Phoebe, Parker, Zachary, Brady, and Skylar. Devoted husband of the late Peggy. A graveside service will be held today, 11:00am, at Mt. Hope Cemetery, 50 Jackson Ave., Hastings-On-Hudson, NY 10706. In lieu of flowers, gifts may be made to M.I.T. in memory of Gary Hirschberg, '61 at giving.mit.edu. 1/3 

ROGERS--Wayne M. The staff at Kleinfeld Bridal is deeply saddened by the death of its Chairman, Wayne Rogers. From the 1990's to the present, Wayne in partnership with Ronald Rothstein and Mara Urshel, built Kleinfeld into the most successful designer bridal retailer in the world. He helped expand the Kleinfeld name into 150 countries through the hit "Say Yes to the Dress" TV show and he licensed the brand to HBC for Canada. Wayne followed no rules, no industry practices and believed one always had to enjoy the freedom of free thought with no boundaries. Wayne loved Kleinfeld and its success, its dedicated staff and its brides. His personal charm and caring nature was a blessing to everyone who worked at Kleinfeld. We extend our sincere and heartfelt condolences to Amy, Laura, Bill and their families. He will be truly missed. Ronald R. Rothstein and Mara Urshel 1/3 ROGERS--Wayne M. The staff at Kleinfeld Bridal is deeply saddened by the death of its Chairman, Wayne Rogers. From the 1990's to the present, Wayne in partnership with Ronald Rothstein and Mara Urshel, built Kleinfeld into the most successful designer bridal retailer in the world. He helped expand the Kleinfeld name into 150 countries through the hit "Say Yes to the Dress" TV show and he licensed the brand to HBC for Canada. Wayne followed no rules, no industry practices and believed one always had to enjoy the freedom of free thought with no boundaries. Wayne loved Kleinfeld and its success, its dedicated staff and its brides. His personal charm and caring nature was a blessing to everyone who worked at Kleinfeld. We extend our sincere and heartfelt condolences to Amy, Laura, Bill and their families. He will be truly missed. Ronald R. Rothstein and Mara Urshel 1/3 

SCHUBERT--David Paul, passed away on Saint John's Day 2015. Beloved of family Chris, Danielle and Joann. 1/3 SCHUBERT--David Paul, passed away on Saint John's Day 2015. Beloved of family Chris, Danielle and Joann. 1/3 

KELLOGG--James C.,IV. Born in Elizabeth, NJ, on July 2, 1939. Departed on December 31, 2015 and resided in Short Hills, NJ. Memorial Service Friday, January 8th, 12:00pm, Short Hills Community Congregational Church. Luncheon Friday, January 8th, after the service, Short Hills Club, 144 Highland Avenue. James C. Kellogg, philanthropist and loving husband, father of three children, and grandfather of nine grandchildren, died on Thursday of congestive heart failure, surrounded by his family. He was 76 years old. Jim was a graduate of The Pingry School, Princeton University, and Harvard Law School. During his career, he was a partner at the Manhattan law firm Townley & Updike, the President of the Community Foundation of New Jersey, the President of the J.C. Kellogg Foundation, and a valued trustee of many non-profit boards. He was most proud of his philanthropic work in Elizabeth, New Jersey. He cherished the idea of creating opportunities for people from disadvantaged backgrounds to be healthy, learn, and grow. Jim grew up in Elizabeth, NJ and spent his summers in Bay Head, NJ, where he made many friends whom he kept throughout his life. Those friends would gather on a regular basis for couples' dinners and bridge marathons. He looked forward to Romeo lunches, Scorpions bridge, and the Literatti book club, where he always touted the latest political book. In the past few years, Jim became a Life Master at bridge by participating in ACBL bridge tournaments across the country. He spent his winters at Yeamans Hall in South Carolina. Jim had a deep commitment to public service; he advised and served on the boards of Frost Valley YMCA, Bay Head Chapel, Short Hills Community Congregational Church, Point Pleasant Hospital, the Children's Specialized Hospital, Trinitas Regional Medical Center, Meridian Health Systems, Council of Woodrow Wilson School at Princeton University, Union County College, Bloomfield College, the Prudential Insurance Company, New Jersey State in the Trust for Public Lands, and the Scholarship Fund for Inner City Children. He was appointed by the Governor to the boards of New Jersey Transit and the New Jersey Housing and Mortgage Finance Agency. His lifelong passion for philanthropy paled in comparison to his love for his family- his wife, three children, and nine grandchildren. Jim was happiest at family gatherings and loved playing backgammon and gin rummy with his children and grandchildren. Pop Pop's signature backgammon move was to wait for his opponent to admit defeat only to turn the board around and play the losing side, teaching his mentee how to stage a comeback and win! He was active in every aspect of his children's and grandchildren's lives, including attending their school events, and offering advice on and help with work issues. He is survived by his wife, Gail Chambers Kellogg, his children, Jimmy Kellogg, Kate Kellogg, and Elizabeth Kellogg Winterbottom; adoring grandchildren, Emily, Jimmy and Grace Kellogg; Chris and Andrew Kellogg Peeler; Hailey, Francesca, Maile, and Penelope Winterbottom; and his three younger brothers, Peter, Kelly, and Rusty. A service to celebrate his life will be held Friday, January 8th at 12:00pm at the Short Hills Community Congregational Church. Immediately following the service, the family invites all attendees to join them for lunch at the Short Hills Club. In lieu of flowers, please send donations to the Frost Valley YMCA in Claryville, NY. For more info, or to send condolences to the family, please visit www.bradleyfuneral homes.com. 1/3 KELLOGG--James C.,IV. Born in Elizabeth, NJ, on July 2, 1939. Departed on December 31, 2015 and resided in Short Hills, NJ. Memorial Service Friday, January 8th, 12:00pm, Short Hills Community Congregational Church. Luncheon Friday, January 8th, after the service, Short Hills Club, 144 Highland Avenue. James C. Kellogg, philanthropist and loving husband, father of three children, and grandfather of nine grandchildren, died on Thursday of congestive heart failure, surrounded by his family. He was 76 years old. Jim was a graduate of The Pingry School, Princeton University, and Harvard Law School. During his career, he was a partner at the Manhattan law firm Townley & Updike, the President of the Community Foundation of New Jersey, the President of the J.C. Kellogg Foundation, and a valued trustee of many non-profit boards. He was most proud of his philanthropic work in Elizabeth, New Jersey. He cherished the idea of creating opportunities for people from disadvantaged backgrounds to be healthy, learn, and grow. Jim grew up in Elizabeth, NJ and spent his summers in Bay Head, NJ, where he made many friends whom he kept throughout his life. Those friends would gather on a regular basis for couples' dinners and bridge marathons. He looked forward to Romeo lunches, Scorpions bridge, and the Literatti book club, where he always touted the latest political book. In the past few years, Jim became a Life Master at bridge by participating in ACBL bridge tournaments across the country. He spent his winters at Yeamans Hall in South Carolina. Jim had a deep commitment to public service; he advised and served on the boards of Frost Valley YMCA, Bay Head Chapel, Short Hills Community Congregational Church, Point Pleasant Hospital, the Children's Specialized Hospital, Trinitas Regional Medical Center, Meridian Health Systems, Council of Woodrow Wilson School at Princeton University, Union County College, Bloomfield College, the Prudential Insurance Company, New Jersey State in the Trust for Public Lands, and the Scholarship Fund for Inner City Children. He was appointed by the Governor to the boards of New Jersey Transit and the New Jersey Housing and Mortgage Finance Agency. His lifelong passion for philanthropy paled in comparison to his love for his family- his wife, three children, and nine grandchildren. Jim was happiest at family gatherings and loved playing backgammon and gin rummy with his children and grandchildren. Pop Pop's signature backgammon move was to wait for his opponent to admit defeat only to turn the board around and play the losing side, teaching his mentee how to stage a comeback and win! He was active in every aspect of his children's and grandchildren's lives, including attending their school events, and offering advice on and help with work issues. He is survived by his wife, Gail Chambers Kellogg, his children, Jimmy Kellogg, Kate Kellogg, and Elizabeth Kellogg Winterbottom; adoring grandchildren, Emily, Jimmy and Grace Kellogg; Chris and Andrew Kellogg Peeler; Hailey, Francesca, Maile, and Penelope Winterbottom; and his three younger brothers, Peter, Kelly, and Rusty. A service to celebrate his life will be held Friday, January 8th at 12:00pm at the Short Hills Community Congregational Church. Immediately following the service, the family invites all attendees to join them for lunch at the Short Hills Club. In lieu of flowers, please send donations to the Frost Valley YMCA in Claryville, NY. For more info, or to send condolences to the family, please visit www.bradleyfuneral homes.com. 1/3 

KAPLAN--Gilbert. The Juilliard School community mourns the passing of Gilbert Kaplan, a member of the school's Evening Division faculty since 2000 and devoted supporter of the arts around the world. Through his popular courses on Mahler for music lovers, Gil brought his extraordinary expertise and passion to a composer whose work is better understood through his scholarship and performances. We extend our deepest condolences to his wife, Lena, and his beautiful family. He will be deeply missed by all. Joseph W. Polisi, President; Ara Guzelimian, Provost and Dean; Danielle La Senna, Director of Juilliard's Evening Division 1/3 KAPLAN--Gilbert. The Juilliard School community mourns the passing of Gilbert Kaplan, a member of the school's Evening Division faculty since 2000 and devoted supporter of the arts around the world. Through his popular courses on Mahler for music lovers, Gil brought his extraordinary expertise and passion to a composer whose work is better understood through his scholarship and performances. We extend our deepest condolences to his wife, Lena, and his beautiful family. He will be deeply missed by all. Joseph W. Polisi, President; Ara Guzelimian, Provost and Dean; Danielle La Senna, Director of Juilliard's Evening Division 1/3 

ANGELO--John. We mourn the death of our pal John Angelo, whose energy, confidence and love of life inspired everyone he knew. Our family's sympathies go to his devoted wife Judy and their children Kate, Jack and Jesse. Susan and Peter Solomon and Family 1/3 ANGELO--John. We mourn the death of our pal John Angelo, whose energy, confidence and love of life inspired everyone he knew. Our family's sympathies go to his devoted wife Judy and their children Kate, Jack and Jesse. Susan and Peter Solomon and Family 1/3 

GILBERT--Edward M.,dubbed the "Boy Wonder of Wall Street" in the 1950's, died peacefully at his home in Santa Fe, New Mexico on Wednesday, December 23, 2015. He was five days short of his 93rd birthday. Eddie lived a unique and exceptional life. As a young man, Eddie fought bravely in World War II and received a Purple Heart and a Bronze Star. He had many achievements. He was a competitive springboard diver and in 1942 made the U.S. Open at Forest Hills; he had a world-renowned stamp collection and gave generously to many causes in Santa Fe. In 1992, Eddie co-founded BGK Group, a highly successful commercial real estate company headquartered in Santa Fe. Under Eddie's leadership the company acquired a large national portfolio as well as premier buildings in New Mexico, Texas and elsewhere. By 2010, when New York-based Rosemont Real Estate acquired part ownership of BGK, Gilbert's company was the largest holder of commercial real estate in New Mexico, owning properties in 28 states. He was "larger than life" say his children. He will be greatly missed. He is survived by his wife Peaches, seven children, Robin, Alexandra (Ronald), Dominique, Nina, Sasha, Beatrice and Zoe and three grandchildren, Brooke, Ross and Yeabsira. 1/3 GILBERT--Edward M.,dubbed the "Boy Wonder of Wall Street" in the 1950's, died peacefully at his home in Santa Fe, New Mexico on Wednesday, December 23, 2015. He was five days short of his 93rd birthday. Eddie lived a unique and exceptional life. As a young man, Eddie fought bravely in World War II and received a Purple Heart and a Bronze Star. He had many achievements. He was a competitive springboard diver and in 1942 made the U.S. Open at Forest Hills; he had a world-renowned stamp collection and gave generously to many causes in Santa Fe. In 1992, Eddie co-founded BGK Group, a highly successful commercial real estate company headquartered in Santa Fe. Under Eddie's leadership the company acquired a large national portfolio as well as premier buildings in New Mexico, Texas and elsewhere. By 2010, when New York-based Rosemont Real Estate acquired part ownership of BGK, Gilbert's company was the largest holder of commercial real estate in New Mexico, owning properties in 28 states. He was "larger than life" say his children. He will be greatly missed. He is survived by his wife Peaches, seven children, Robin, Alexandra (Ronald), Dominique, Nina, Sasha, Beatrice and Zoe and three grandchildren, Brooke, Ross and Yeabsira. 1/3 

ANGELO--John M. The Board of Directors, Volunteers, and Staff of the Ronald McDonald House of New York wish to express our sincere sympathy of the passing of our dear friend and benefactor, John M. Angelo. John dutifully served as a member of the Board of Directors of our charity from 2005 to 2014 when he became a Member at Large. He was both generous and kind to the special kids and families battling cancer at the Ronald McDonald House. Our sincere sympathy and deepest condolences go out to his dear wife, Judy, his children, and the entire Angelo family. Respectfully, Tina Lundgren, Chairman of the Board; Harris Diamond, Vice Chair, Chairman Elect; Stanley B. Shopkorn, Chairman, Emeritus; Joel Newman Interim President & Chief Executive Officer, Ronald McDonald House New York 1/3 ANGELO--John M. The Board of Directors, Volunteers, and Staff of the Ronald McDonald House of New York wish to express our sincere sympathy of the passing of our dear friend and benefactor, John M. Angelo. John dutifully served as a member of the Board of Directors of our charity from 2005 to 2014 when he became a Member at Large. He was both generous and kind to the special kids and families battling cancer at the Ronald McDonald House. Our sincere sympathy and deepest condolences go out to his dear wife, Judy, his children, and the entire Angelo family. Respectfully, Tina Lundgren, Chairman of the Board; Harris Diamond, Vice Chair, Chairman Elect; Stanley B. Shopkorn, Chairman, Emeritus; Joel Newman Interim President & Chief Executive Officer, Ronald McDonald House New York 1/3 

KASHNER-- Howard, of Scarsdale, NY, died January 4, 2015 at age 75. This caring, ethical, smart, generous, funny, gallant man was admired by his colleagues, teased by his many old friends, lovingly connected with his brothers Len and Frank and his widespread family, adored by his grandchildren Zane, Tessa, Robert Ezra, Mila, and Eva and deeply loved by his wife, Rita, and his daughters, Elisabeth (Jonathan) and Megan (Trina). Rest in peace, you sweet man. Services at Temple Israel Center, 280 Old Mamaroneck Road, White Plains, NY, 12:30pm, Wednesday, January 6. 1/3 KASHNER-- Howard, of Scarsdale, NY, died January 4, 2015 at age 75. This caring, ethical, smart, generous, funny, gallant man was admired by his colleagues, teased by his many old friends, lovingly connected with his brothers Len and Frank and his widespread family, adored by his grandchildren Zane, Tessa, Robert Ezra, Mila, and Eva and deeply loved by his wife, Rita, and his daughters, Elisabeth (Jonathan) and Megan (Trina). Rest in peace, you sweet man. Services at Temple Israel Center, 280 Old Mamaroneck Road, White Plains, NY, 12:30pm, Wednesday, January 6. 1/3 

MOSLER--Sheila Hawley Sanders. The loving family of Sheila Hawley Sanders Mosler, 80, is profoundly saddened by her passing on January 4, 2016. Sheila was an incredibly loving and giving person and will be greatly missed by all who knew and loved her. Born and raised in New York City, Sheila was formerly married to John Mosler Sr., Chairman of Mosler Safe Company, mother to her sons John and Bruce, and daughter Michele. Her father was Chairman of the Hudson River Day Line and an original partner of the Circle Line. Sheila's career, which spanned more than 30 years, was focused on bridging her skills and expertise in acting between political, corporate, humanitarian and educational areas in New York City and internationally. She served as the Deputy Commissioner and Executive Lobbyist for the New York State Department of Commerce, where she was appointed by Governor Nelson Rockefeller as a corporate liaison with the top management of Fortune 500, medium sized and small businesses to maintain and bring new business to New York State. She also served as a Special Assistant and Lobbyist for the Governor's Consultant on Labor & Commissioner of Human Rights, where she acted as a bridge to the labor unions and minority grounds in New York State, as well as a Member of the Governor's Special Committee, where she was appointed as the youngest member of a special committee to review state laws and procedures in the areas of human rights and labor relations. While Sheila excelled in her professional career, she also had a place in her heart for giving back to the community. She was also a successful cabaret singer and recorded an album, "Rare! Hot!". Sheila was a graduate of Finch College and received an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from St. John's University. Sheila is survived by her sons, Bruce (Wendy) Mosler and John (Jean) Mosler, her daughter Michele Mosler, and her grandchildren David and Charlotte Mosler. The wake honoring her life will take place on Thursday, January 7th from 5 to 8pm at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel and a private Mass will follow on Friday, January 8th at 9:30am at the Church of St. Vincent Ferrer. 1/3 MOSLER--Sheila Hawley Sanders. The loving family of Sheila Hawley Sanders Mosler, 80, is profoundly saddened by her passing on January 4, 2016. Sheila was an incredibly loving and giving person and will be greatly missed by all who knew and loved her. Born and raised in New York City, Sheila was formerly married to John Mosler Sr., Chairman of Mosler Safe Company, mother to her sons John and Bruce, and daughter Michele. Her father was Chairman of the Hudson River Day Line and an original partner of the Circle Line. Sheila's career, which spanned more than 30 years, was focused on bridging her skills and expertise in acting between political, corporate, humanitarian and educational areas in New York City and internationally. She served as the Deputy Commissioner and Executive Lobbyist for the New York State Department of Commerce, where she was appointed by Governor Nelson Rockefeller as a corporate liaison with the top management of Fortune 500, medium sized and small businesses to maintain and bring new business to New York State. She also served as a Special Assistant and Lobbyist for the Governor's Consultant on Labor & Commissioner of Human Rights, where she acted as a bridge to the labor unions and minority grounds in New York State, as well as a Member of the Governor's Special Committee, where she was appointed as the youngest member of a special committee to review state laws and procedures in the areas of human rights and labor relations. While Sheila excelled in her professional career, she also had a place in her heart for giving back to the community. She was also a successful cabaret singer and recorded an album, "Rare! Hot!". Sheila was a graduate of Finch College and received an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from St. John's University. Sheila is survived by her sons, Bruce (Wendy) Mosler and John (Jean) Mosler, her daughter Michele Mosler, and her grandchildren David and Charlotte Mosler. The wake honoring her life will take place on Thursday, January 7th from 5 to 8pm at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel and a private Mass will follow on Friday, January 8th at 9:30am at the Church of St. Vincent Ferrer. 1/3 

SCHNEIDER--Claire, 92, died on January 5, 2016. She was predeceased by her husband of 54 years, David. She is survived by her daughters Stephanie Singer of Florida, Amy Schneider of New Hampshire and Tina Schneider of Maine. She is also survived by her seven grandchildren, three great-grandchildren, and an extended family who loved her dearly. Funeral services to be held at noon on January 7th at Riverside Memorial Chapel, New York City. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America or the Multiple Sclerosis Foundation. 1/3 SCHNEIDER--Claire, 92, died on January 5, 2016. She was predeceased by her husband of 54 years, David. She is survived by her daughters Stephanie Singer of Florida, Amy Schneider of New Hampshire and Tina Schneider of Maine. She is also survived by her seven grandchildren, three great-grandchildren, and an extended family who loved her dearly. Funeral services to be held at noon on January 7th at Riverside Memorial Chapel, New York City. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America or the Multiple Sclerosis Foundation. 1/3 

SCHUBERT--David Paul, passed away on Saint John's Day 2015. Beloved of family Chris, Danielle and Joann. 1/3 SCHUBERT--David Paul, passed away on Saint John's Day 2015. Beloved of family Chris, Danielle and Joann. 1/3 

GLOBUS--Sarah, died at home on December 13, 2015. She is survived by her husband, Herschel Goldfield, her children, Ori and Vivian, and by sisters Martha Globus-Rodriguez and Laura Day. Sarah is remembered with great love and affection by her family and friends and by the community in Manhattan Valley, where she devoted many years of her life helping children and others in need as the founder of Neighborhood Kids of Harlem. Sarah graduated from Hunter College and Columbia Law School. In lieu of flowers, the family requests that donations be made to Children's Aid Society. 1/3 GLOBUS--Sarah, died at home on December 13, 2015. She is survived by her husband, Herschel Goldfield, her children, Ori and Vivian, and by sisters Martha Globus-Rodriguez and Laura Day. Sarah is remembered with great love and affection by her family and friends and by the community in Manhattan Valley, where she devoted many years of her life helping children and others in need as the founder of Neighborhood Kids of Harlem. Sarah graduated from Hunter College and Columbia Law School. In lieu of flowers, the family requests that donations be made to Children's Aid Society. 1/3 

MORRISON--Richard. We mourn the loss of our partner, colleague and friend Richard Morrison, who suffered a heart attack and passed away on January 4. He was an important member of Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP for nearly 30 years, and was deeply devoted to his work, colleagues and clients. As Managing Partner of Weil's Miami office and a longstanding partner in our Real Estate practice, Richard was instrumental in the development of Weil's presence in Miami and was also integral in helping to shape our global Real Estate practice. Richard split his time between our Miami and New York offices, and was known and loved by partners, associates and staff across all of Weil's offices. He graduated with a B.A. from Vanderbilt University in 1981 and earned a J.D. from the University of Florida's Levin College of Law in 1984. We will remember Richard with the utmost respect and admiration, and we offer our deepest sympathy to his family; he will be greatly missed by his many friends and colleagues at Weil. 1/3 MORRISON--Richard. We mourn the loss of our partner, colleague and friend Richard Morrison, who suffered a heart attack and passed away on January 4. He was an important member of Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP for nearly 30 years, and was deeply devoted to his work, colleagues and clients. As Managing Partner of Weil's Miami office and a longstanding partner in our Real Estate practice, Richard was instrumental in the development of Weil's presence in Miami and was also integral in helping to shape our global Real Estate practice. Richard split his time between our Miami and New York offices, and was known and loved by partners, associates and staff across all of Weil's offices. He graduated with a B.A. from Vanderbilt University in 1981 and earned a J.D. from the University of Florida's Levin College of Law in 1984. We will remember Richard with the utmost respect and admiration, and we offer our deepest sympathy to his family; he will be greatly missed by his many friends and colleagues at Weil. 1/3 

BUSH--George, 87, died on Monday, January 4, 2016. Loving husband of the late Flora Wilhelm Bush. Devoted father of Dr. Rachel W. Bush and the late Dr. Jared Bush. Beloved grandfather to Maxwell, Zachary and Jacob. Adored youngest son of the late Benjamin and Rachel, and brother to the late Daniel and Paul. Also survived by his nephew and niece, Avigail and Jennifer. Services today, Wednesday, 10:30am, at Riverside Cemetery, Saddlebrook, NJ. May God comfort and sustain the family among the mourners of Zion. 1/3 BUSH--George, 87, died on Monday, January 4, 2016. Loving husband of the late Flora Wilhelm Bush. Devoted father of Dr. Rachel W. Bush and the late Dr. Jared Bush. Beloved grandfather to Maxwell, Zachary and Jacob. Adored youngest son of the late Benjamin and Rachel, and brother to the late Daniel and Paul. Also survived by his nephew and niece, Avigail and Jennifer. Services today, Wednesday, 10:30am, at Riverside Cemetery, Saddlebrook, NJ. May God comfort and sustain the family among the mourners of Zion. 1/3 

KAPLAN--Gilbert, died peacefully on the morning of January 1, 2016, with Lena, his wife of 45 years, and their four loving children by his side. An uncommon man in every respect, he founded Institutional Investor magazine at the age of 26, serving as its Publisher and Editor-in-Chief for the next two decades, only to embark on a second life as a renowned amateur conductor of Mahler's Second Symphony. He said of the symphony that it "wrapped itself around me and never let go." This passion ultimately led to conducting engagements with over 60 orchestras throughout the world, acclaimed recordings of the work with the London Symphony Orchestra and the Vienna Philharmonic and, more recently, a faculty position at Juilliard. His private life was just as rich. He married the woman he loved at first sight, loved her deeply to the end, and together they presided over a family of four beautiful children, Kristina Wallison, Claude Davies, John Kaplan and Emily Kaplan, and eight grandchildren. All grieve profoundly at his passing, but feel deeply blessed to have loved and been loved by this remarkable man. The family will receive friends at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue (at 81st Street) in New York City, on Thursday, January 7 at 2-5pm and 7-9pm. Friends are invited to email stories and condolences to: gilkaplanfamily@gmail.com. 1/3 KAPLAN--Gilbert, died peacefully on the morning of January 1, 2016, with Lena, his wife of 45 years, and their four loving children by his side. An uncommon man in every respect, he founded Institutional Investor magazine at the age of 26, serving as its Publisher and Editor-in-Chief for the next two decades, only to embark on a second life as a renowned amateur conductor of Mahler's Second Symphony. He said of the symphony that it "wrapped itself around me and never let go." This passion ultimately led to conducting engagements with over 60 orchestras throughout the world, acclaimed recordings of the work with the London Symphony Orchestra and the Vienna Philharmonic and, more recently, a faculty position at Juilliard. His private life was just as rich. He married the woman he loved at first sight, loved her deeply to the end, and together they presided over a family of four beautiful children, Kristina Wallison, Claude Davies, John Kaplan and Emily Kaplan, and eight grandchildren. All grieve profoundly at his passing, but feel deeply blessed to have loved and been loved by this remarkable man. The family will receive friends at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue (at 81st Street) in New York City, on Thursday, January 7 at 2-5pm and 7-9pm. Friends are invited to email stories and condolences to: gilkaplanfamily@gmail.com. 1/3 

ANGELO--John. The Damon Runyon Cancer Research Foundation community is deeply saddened to lose a brilliant, generous and kind friend. He will be greatly missed. Our hearts go out to John's family, countless friends and colleagues. Alan Leventhal, Chairman Lorraine Egan, President 1/3 ANGELO--John. The Damon Runyon Cancer Research Foundation community is deeply saddened to lose a brilliant, generous and kind friend. He will be greatly missed. Our hearts go out to John's family, countless friends and colleagues. Alan Leventhal, Chairman Lorraine Egan, President 1/3 

ANGELO--John. Manhattan Theatre Club mourns the passing of our friend John Angelo. We extend our heartfelt condolences to our cherished former Board member Judy Hart Angelo and the entire Angelo family. Lynne Meadow, Artistic Director Barry Grove, Executive Producer David C. Hodgson, Chairman of the Board Peter J. Solomon, Chairman Emeritus 1/3 ANGELO--John. Manhattan Theatre Club mourns the passing of our friend John Angelo. We extend our heartfelt condolences to our cherished former Board member Judy Hart Angelo and the entire Angelo family. Lynne Meadow, Artistic Director Barry Grove, Executive Producer David C. Hodgson, Chairman of the Board Peter J. Solomon, Chairman Emeritus 1/3 

HIRSCHBERG--Gary. The Board of Governors and members of Beach Point Club note with deep sorrow the passing of our fellow member, Gary Hirschberg, and extend sincere condolences to his family. James Dreyfus, President 1/3 HIRSCHBERG--Gary. The Board of Governors and members of Beach Point Club note with deep sorrow the passing of our fellow member, Gary Hirschberg, and extend sincere condolences to his family. James Dreyfus, President 1/3 

SIMON--Sylvia F.,age 89, died January 3 at her home in Rye, NY. Beloved wife of the late Franklin Simon II. Devoted mother of Cici Holbrook and Leslie Simon. Dear grandmother of William Holbrook and Douglas McClure. Adoring great- grandmother of William and Thomas Holbrook. The family will receive friends at the Graham Funeral Home in Rye, NY on Thursday from 4pm to 7pm. A Mass of Christian Burial will be held on Friday at the Church of the Resurrection at 10am. Entombment to follow at Woodlawn Cemetery, Bronx, NY. 1/3 SIMON--Sylvia F.,age 89, died January 3 at her home in Rye, NY. Beloved wife of the late Franklin Simon II. Devoted mother of Cici Holbrook and Leslie Simon. Dear grandmother of William Holbrook and Douglas McClure. Adoring great- grandmother of William and Thomas Holbrook. The family will receive friends at the Graham Funeral Home in Rye, NY on Thursday from 4pm to 7pm. A Mass of Christian Burial will be held on Friday at the Church of the Resurrection at 10am. Entombment to follow at Woodlawn Cemetery, Bronx, NY. 1/3 

WEISSMAN--Julia Zlabovsky, 98, died on October 15, 2015 after a brief illness. Born in El Paso, Texas, she graduated from the College of Mines and Metallurgy of the University of Texas and later settled in New York City to pursue a career as a writer and editor. As author or co-author, she published books and articles in many areas of the arts and crafts, including folk art, needlework and cooking. She was predeceased by her sisters, Vera Zlabovsky and Esther Boxer and by her brothers Isador (Saul) Stuart and David Stuart. She is survived by her daughter Erica Weissman, brother Frank Stuart, nephew David Stuart, nieces Elizabeth Stuart and Rebecca Orlowski (Steven), and grandnephews Jesse, Derek, and Paul Orlowski. 1/3 WEISSMAN--Julia Zlabovsky, 98, died on October 15, 2015 after a brief illness. Born in El Paso, Texas, she graduated from the College of Mines and Metallurgy of the University of Texas and later settled in New York City to pursue a career as a writer and editor. As author or co-author, she published books and articles in many areas of the arts and crafts, including folk art, needlework and cooking. She was predeceased by her sisters, Vera Zlabovsky and Esther Boxer and by her brothers Isador (Saul) Stuart and David Stuart. She is survived by her daughter Erica Weissman, brother Frank Stuart, nephew David Stuart, nieces Elizabeth Stuart and Rebecca Orlowski (Steven), and grandnephews Jesse, Derek, and Paul Orlowski. 1/3 

Todd Kaminsky, a state assemblyman and a former federal corruption prosecutor, will run in a Long Island district represented by Dean G. Skelos until his conviction on corruption charges. Todd Kaminsky, a state assemblyman and a former federal corruption prosecutor, will run in a Long Island district represented by Dean G. Skelos until his conviction on corruption charges. 

The Knicks improved to 17-19, matching their win total from last season, but they kept things in perspective as they packed up for Miami, the second stop on a three-game trip. The Knicks improved to 17-19, matching their win total from last season, but they kept things in perspective as they packed up for Miami, the second stop on a three-game trip. New York Knicks beat Atlanta Hawks, 107-101.

The police in Millstone, N.J., said they discovered the weapons in 2014 at the house of John Lafergola, who on Tuesday was ordered held without bail. The police in Millstone, N.J., said they discovered the weapons in 2014 at the house of John Lafergola, who on Tuesday was ordered held without bail. 

The police identified the man as Jeremy Wilson, and said they had arrested him after investigators concocted a story to draw Mr. Wilson to a station house in Chelsea. The police identified the man as Jeremy Wilson, and said they had arrested him after investigators concocted a story to draw Mr. Wilson to a station house in Chelsea. New York City police arrest ex-convict Jeremy Wilson on larceny and forgery charges; say Wilson impersonated wounded veteran and fraudulently leased BMW from Massachusetts dealership.

Stepan had not scored since Nov. 23, when the Rangers were seemingly invincible at 16-3-2, before a long skid. But he fueled his team from his first shift against Dallas. Stepan had not scored since Nov. 23, when the Rangers were seemingly invincible at 16-3-2, before a long skid. But he fueled his team from his first shift against Dallas. New York Rangers beat Dallas Stars, 6-2.

The New York Times/Kaiser Family Foundation survey is based on interviewing 2,575 adults nationwide from ages 18 to 64. The New York Times/Kaiser Family Foundation survey is based on interviewing 2,575 adults nationwide from ages 18 to 64. 

Mayor Bill de Blasio is set to announce on Wednesday a $15-an-hour minimum wage for New York City’s public work force that city officials said would be among the highest of its kind in the country. Mayor Bill de Blasio is set to announce on Wednesday a $15-an-hour minimum wage for New York City’s public work force that city officials said would be among the highest of its kind in the country. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio is expected to announce $15 per hour minimum wage for city workers.

Simone Williams, beleaguered by diabetes and mobility issues, found a support network in exercise classes that helped her lose more than 120 pounds. Simone Williams, beleaguered by diabetes and mobility issues, found a support network in exercise classes that helped her lose more than 120 pounds. Brooklyn Community Services, one of seven agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, runs East New York Clubhouse, which offers support for adults with mental illnesses like Simone Williams of Queens; draws $120 from fund to buy special shoes to help Williams with mobility problems stemming from diabetic neuropathy.

In the N.F.C., a real threat faces a higher-seeded but inconsistent opponent, and a breakout team plays a fading squad. The A.F.C. has a pair of games between dangerous teams missing some key pieces. In the N.F.C., a real threat faces a higher-seeded but inconsistent opponent, and a breakout team plays a fading squad. The A.F.C. has a pair of games between dangerous teams missing some key pieces. Analysis of matchups, for both NFC and AFC, in first round of NFL playoffs.

Chris Gayle, a Jamaican cricketer, sparked outrage online by asking Mel McLaughlin, a female reporter, to join him for a drink during an interview. Chris Gayle, a Jamaican cricketer, sparked outrage online by asking Mel McLaughlin, a female reporter, to join him for a drink during an interview. 

The composer, writer and director worked on numerous productions, including &#8220;Runaways&#8221; and &#8220;Kasper Hauser,&#8221; that, she said, &#8220;should reflect what and how we are now.&#8221; The composer, writer and director worked on numerous productions, including &#8220;Runaways&#8221; and &#8220;Kasper Hauser,&#8221; that, she said, &#8220;should reflect what and how we are now.&#8221; Elizabeth Swados, composer, director and writer known for experimental musical theater productions with socially conscious message, dies at age 64; won four Tony Awards for 1978 hit show Runaways.   

Ms. Schwartz, who was known as Ersy, found popularity and renown in her native New Orleans for her surreal, darkly humorous pieces. Ms. Schwartz, who was known as Ersy, found popularity and renown in her native New Orleans for her surreal, darkly humorous pieces. Eugenie Schwartz, artist and teacher at Cooper Union in New York City who created humorously dark pieces inspired by her New Orleans upbringing, dies at age 64. 

The country, in the shadow of the hockey powerhouses Sweden and Finland, has grand ambitions to develop some of the best hockey players in the world. The country, in the shadow of the hockey powerhouses Sweden and Finland, has grand ambitions to develop some of the best hockey players in the world. Recent success of Denmark's junior hockey team reflects revamped approach from Danish Ice Hockey Union to development of country's young players.

The claim, if true, would drastically escalate the nuclear challenge from one of the world’s most isolated and dangerous states. The claim, if true, would drastically escalate the nuclear challenge from one of the world’s most isolated and dangerous states. North Korea says it has detonated its first hydrogen bomb, claim that, if proved true, would significantly increase threat from dangerous and isolated nation; detection devices measured 5.1 seismic event near North Korean coast, but it may be weeks or months before United States and allies can confirm nature of test.

Michael R. Bloomberg, the former mayor of New York City, was let go as a potential juror in an assault trial, but not before making a few acquaintances. Michael R. Bloomberg, the former mayor of New York City, was let go as a potential juror in an assault trial, but not before making a few acquaintances. Former New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg attends jury selection in Manhattan and is dismissed at request of prosecutor because of upcoming travel plans.

Mr. Bley’s style of playing was melodic, measured, bluesy, often polytonal and seemingly effortless. Mr. Bley’s style of playing was melodic, measured, bluesy, often polytonal and seemingly effortless. Paul Bley, experimental jazz pianist with seemingly effortless and measured style, dies at age 83. 

An armed group that is occupying a wildlife reserve in Oregon has called for Washington to hand control of federal lands to ranchers and local governments. An armed group that is occupying a wildlife reserve in Oregon has called for Washington to hand control of federal lands to ranchers and local governments. Group of armed protesters occupying federal wildlife reserve in east-central Oregon and calling for government to release lands are seeking to undo policy that has for century defined American West; group's stated goal is to return control of land to loggers, ranchers and local governments, whose fortunes they say federal government has harmed.

The plan, which would add a track to part of the Main Line, would increase the number of trains serving the system, and would, the governor said, deliver a boost to Long Island&#8217;s economy. The plan, which would add a track to part of the Main Line, would increase the number of trains serving the system, and would, the governor said, deliver a boost to Long Island&#8217;s economy. New York Gov Andrew M Cuomo unveils plan to expand Main Line of Long Island Railroad as part of broad transportation agenda but does not specify how project will be funded.

After the College Football Playoff rejected an ESPN proposal to move the semifinals from New Year’s Eve, the ratings tumbled. Still, the head of the Playoff sees no reason to change the scheduling. After the College Football Playoff rejected an ESPN proposal to move the semifinals from New Year’s Eve, the ratings tumbled. Still, the head of the Playoff sees no reason to change the scheduling. Richard Sandomir TV Sports column examines effects of refusal by college football officials to grant request from ESPN to move College Football Playoff semifinals from New Year's Eve to following Saturday to maximize TV ratings.

Mr. Bush shared the story of his daughter&#8217;s struggle with addiction as part of a New Hampshire forum on heroin that included four other Republican presidential candidates. Mr. Bush shared the story of his daughter&#8217;s struggle with addiction as part of a New Hampshire forum on heroin that included four other Republican presidential candidates. Jeb Bush, in campaign speech in New Hampshire, shares his personal and family struggles in dealing with daughter Noelle's long struggle with drug addiction, which became public when he was Florida governor.

A former defense minister has been charged with corruption in connection with the diversion of $1.5 million intended for military spending, the government said. A former defense minister has been charged with corruption in connection with the diversion of $1.5 million intended for military spending, the government said. Former Nigerian defense minister Bello Haliru Mohammed is charged with corruption in connection with diversion of funds intended for military.

The United Nations has asked for an investigation into new accusations that United Nations peacekeepers sexually abused four underage girls in Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic. The United Nations has asked for an investigation into new accusations that United Nations peacekeepers sexually abused four underage girls in Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic. United Nations requests inquiry into new accusation that its peacekeepers sexually abused four underage girls in Central African Republic.

Partial results for national elections in the Central African Republic showed that there had been a high voter turnout and that two candidates were running neck in neck. Partial results for national elections in the Central African Republic showed that there had been a high voter turnout and that two candidates were running neck in neck. Partial ballot count in Central African Republic presidential election shows high voter turnout and Anicet-Georges Dologuele with slight lead over Faustin Archange Touadera.

British lawmakers will debate a petition that calls for the Republican presidential candidate Donald J. Trump to be barred from Britain. British lawmakers will debate a petition that calls for the Republican presidential candidate Donald J. Trump to be barred from Britain. British lawmakers will debate rival petitions prompted by Republican presidential candidate Donald J Trump's call to ban Muslims from entering United States; petition to bar Trump from Britain is signed by more than 500,000 people while petition saying he should not be barred is signed by nearly 40,000.

As Iraq faces the challenge of routing ISIS, it is confronted with a conflict between Iran and Saudi Arabia that threatens to inflame sectarian tensions. As Iraq faces the challenge of routing ISIS, it is confronted with a conflict between Iran and Saudi Arabia that threatens to inflame sectarian tensions. Rising hostilities between Iran and Saudi Arabia over Saudi Arabia's execution of Shiite cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr threaten Iraq's ability to unite Sunni and Shiite factions against Islamic State; execution puts Iraq in difficult position as it seeks to maintain alliances with United States and Iran.

Ken Griffey Jr. and Mike Piazza, who might make up this year’s Hall of Fame class, would have played together in Flushing if the Mets had been able to make a trade work. Ken Griffey Jr. and Mike Piazza, who might make up this year’s Hall of Fame class, would have played together in Flushing if the Mets had been able to make a trade work. Tyler Kepner On Baseball column recounts series of events that almost brought outfielder Ken Griffey Jr to New York Mets in 2000, and indirectly led to team's signing of current third baseman David Wright.

The scope of the scandal at St. George’s School in Rhode Island has expanded, with reports covering three decades. The scope of the scandal at St. George’s School in Rhode Island has expanded, with reports covering three decades. Victims' attorneys report that at least 40 former students from St George's School in Rhode Island say they were sexually abused, and in some cases raped, by seven former staff members and four students at the prep school over 30 years.

Under a new coordinator, the Steelers finished with 48 sacks and 17 interceptions, their highest totals since 2010. But mistakes pop up when they can’t get reach the ball or the quarterback. Under a new coordinator, the Steelers finished with 48 sacks and 17 interceptions, their highest totals since 2010. But mistakes pop up when they can’t get reach the ball or the quarterback. 

Opinions on President Obama’s plan to expand background checks run the gamut in the city, but many residents seem to agree that it will do little to stop mass shootings. Opinions on President Obama’s plan to expand background checks run the gamut in the city, but many residents seem to agree that it will do little to stop mass shootings. Many residents of San Bernardino, Calif, say Pres Obama's plan to expand background checks and law enforcement for some gun sales would not do much to stop mass shootings like December assault that killed 14 people in their city. 

The Financial Accounting Standards Board dropped a rule that, at times, allowed struggling Wall Street firms to print magical profits. The Financial Accounting Standards Board dropped a rule that, at times, allowed struggling Wall Street firms to print magical profits. Financial Accounting Standards Board votes to get rid of accounting rule that allowed struggling banks to record large gains simply because they were struggling.

Monday night’s triple-overtime Jayhawks victory, a game featuring the nation’s No. 1 and No. 2 teams, exceeded every expectation. Monday night’s triple-overtime Jayhawks victory, a game featuring the nation’s No. 1 and No. 2 teams, exceeded every expectation. 

Reporters and editors at The Las Vegas Review-Journal were given guidelines for how the paper should cover its new owner, the billionaire Republican donor Sheldon Adelson. Reporters and editors at The Las Vegas Review-Journal were given guidelines for how the paper should cover its new owner, the billionaire Republican donor Sheldon Adelson. Staff of Las Vegas Review-Journal meets for second day in row with adviser who is detailing how paper should cover Sheldon Adelson, who just acquired paper, and his family.

Understanding the dispute in Oregon requires a look at American history, and how geography, climate and politics shaped “the frontier.” Understanding the dispute in Oregon requires a look at American history, and how geography, climate and politics shaped “the frontier.” The Upshot; Q&A examines how United States government came to own 47 percent of all land in American West.

The campaign has released a new ad in New Hampshire that focuses on illegal immigration. The campaign has released a new ad in New Hampshire that focuses on illegal immigration. 

The auto industry reported that 17.5 million vehicles were sold in the United States last year, surpassing the previous high of 17.4 million in 2000. The auto industry reported that 17.5 million vehicles were sold in the United States last year, surpassing the previous high of 17.4 million in 2000. Automakers report industry set annual record of 17.5 million vehicle sales in United States in 2015.

Jim Fox, a leader of a Long Island league and of the Amateur Athletic Union in the New York area, is helping to have patches displayed on thousands of young people&#8217;s uniforms. Jim Fox, a leader of a Long Island league and of the Amateur Athletic Union in the New York area, is helping to have patches displayed on thousands of young people&#8217;s uniforms. Jim Dwyer About New York column describes evolution of Wear Orange campaign, which began in New York City in October 2015 when players in New Renaissance Basketball Assn starting wearing orange patches on jerseys to raise awareness about gun violence; notes effort has expanded to about 300 amateur basketball teams across country.

Gregory Scarpa Jr., a captain in the Colombo crime family serving a decades-long prison term, was granted a 10-year sentence reduction for information on Terry Nichols, a co-conspirator of the Oklahoma City bombing. Gregory Scarpa Jr., a captain in the Colombo crime family serving a decades-long prison term, was granted a 10-year sentence reduction for information on Terry Nichols, a co-conspirator of the Oklahoma City bombing. Federal Judge Edward R Korman reduces prison sentence of Colombo crime family captain Gregory Scarpa Jr for informing on fellow inmate Terry L Nichols, co-conspirator in Oklahoma City bombing; information provided by Scarpa led to discovery of explosives cache in Nichols's former home.

Camille Cosby will not have to sit for a deposition Wednesday in a lawsuit filed against her husband, Bill Cosby, a federal judge in Massachusetts ruled. Camille Cosby will not have to sit for a deposition Wednesday in a lawsuit filed against her husband, Bill Cosby, a federal judge in Massachusetts ruled. Judge David H Hennessy of Massachusetts rules Camille Cosby will not have to sit for deposition in lawsuit filed against her husband, Bill Cosby, until her lawyers have chance to appeal case. 

Thousands of vacant buildings in Baltimore will be demolished over the next four years, officials said. Thousands of vacant buildings in Baltimore will be demolished over the next four years, officials said. Gov Larry Hogan of Maryland and Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake announce four-year $75 million demolition project in Baltimore; thousands of abandoned buildings will be razed to create space for affordable housing, businesses and parks. 

State regulators again approved the section of the pipeline that would go through South Dakota, despite the project’s stalled status at the federal level. State regulators again approved the section of the pipeline that would go through South Dakota, despite the project’s stalled status at the federal level. South Dakota Public Utilities Commission approves section of Keystone XL oil pipeline planned on South Dakota lands, despite fact that project is stalled on federal level. 

Gov. Rick Snyder of Michigan declared a state of emergency for the Flint area as concerns grew about the health effects of lead-tainted water there. Gov. Rick Snyder of Michigan declared a state of emergency for the Flint area as concerns grew about the health effects of lead-tainted water there. Michigan Gov Rick Snyder declares state of emergency for city of Flint, citing growing health concerns over lead-contaminated drinking water that was pumped from Flint River. 

United States stocks turned positive toward the end of trade, but the gains weren’t enough to make up for a plunge in markets after China’s main index fell sharply Monday. United States stocks turned positive toward the end of trade, but the gains weren’t enough to make up for a plunge in markets after China’s main index fell sharply Monday. Stocks in United States make small gains but cannot make up for large losses day before.

The current fight over gun control is a howling storm of misrepresentation, sadly almost entirely from one side. The current fight over gun control is a howling storm of misrepresentation, sadly almost entirely from one side. Editorial rebukes Republican politicians for misinterpreting Pres Obama's recent executive actions aimed at enforcing current gun regulations; suggests their outrage is disingenuous and deliberate attempt to avoid serious conversation about gun control; asserts gun lobby's influence over politicians prevents implementation of many overwhelmingly popular gun control measures.

The chairman of Yum Brands, David C. Novak, 63, will retire in May, ending a three-decade career with the restaurant giant. The chairman of Yum Brands, David C. Novak, 63, will retire in May, ending a three-decade career with the restaurant giant. Yum Brands chairman David C Novak, who has held post since 2000, will retire in May.

Lumos Labs, developer of Lumosity “brain training” games, will pay $2 million to settle accusations it misled customers about the cognitive benefits of its apps. Lumos Labs, developer of Lumosity “brain training” games, will pay $2 million to settle accusations it misled customers about the cognitive benefits of its apps. Federal Trade Commission orders Lumos Labs to pay $2 million in refunds to consumers to settle accusations it misled customers about cognitive benefits of its online apps and programs.

While CD and download sales continued to plunge in 2015, and streaming shot up, Adele&#8217;s &#8220;25&#8221; &#8212; an album not available for streaming &#8212; was the exception. While CD and download sales continued to plunge in 2015, and streaming shot up, Adele&#8217;s &#8220;25&#8221; &#8212; an album not available for streaming &#8212; was the exception. Nielsen releases data for music sold in 2015 that reveals 241.3 million albums were sold in year in United States, down six percent from previous year; data largely shows continuation of trend in which CD and download sales have declined while streaming has made significant gains; only exception to trend is album sales of Adele's 25, which sold 7.44 million copies even though it was only on sale last six weeks of year.

The sudden stock drop was attributed to both Apple’s increasing market share in wearable technology as well as disappointment in a new product offering, the Fitbit Blaze. The sudden stock drop was attributed to both Apple’s increasing market share in wearable technology as well as disappointment in a new product offering, the Fitbit Blaze. 

Elsa Dorfman turned one of the world’s most unwieldy cameras, a 20-inch-by-24-inch Polaroid, into an instrument of warmth and intimacy. Elsa Dorfman turned one of the world’s most unwieldy cameras, a 20-inch-by-24-inch Polaroid, into an instrument of warmth and intimacy. Commercial photographer Elsa Dorfman, who has shot portraits in her Cambridge, Mass, studio with rare 20-inch-by-24-inch Polaroid camera for over 30 years, contemplates retirement as film and chemicals necessary for her craft are no longer mass produced.

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

General Sergun managed Russia’s military intelligence service, known as the G.R.U., which has been accused of playing a crucial role in the 2014 takeover of Crimea. General Sergun managed Russia’s military intelligence service, known as the G.R.U., which has been accused of playing a crucial role in the 2014 takeover of Crimea. Col Gen Igor D Sergun, director of Main Intelligence Directorate of Russia’s General Staff, who played crucial role in 2014 takeover of Crimea, dies at age 58. 

Recent commercial real estate transactions in New York City. Recent commercial real estate transactions in New York City. 

The senator said that his rival was too cozy with the financial industry and that his regulatory proposals were bigger and bolder. The senator said that his rival was too cozy with the financial industry and that his regulatory proposals were bigger and bolder. Sen Bernie Sanders, in heated presidential campaign speech in Manhattan, says he would try to break up banks deemed 'too big to fail' if he is elected; criticizes Hillary Rodham Clinton for taking speaking fees from financial industry and being too soft on regulating Wall Street.

Mr. DeRosa, 58, is chief executive of Welltower, a real estate investment trust based in Toledo, Ohio, that specializes in the health care sector. Mr. DeRosa, 58, is chief executive of Welltower, a real estate investment trust based in Toledo, Ohio, that specializes in the health care sector. Vivian Marino 30-Minute Interview with Thomas J Derosa, chief executive of real estate investment trust Welltower, which is based in Toledo, Ohio; company specializes in health care sector, particularly senior living facilities, and is developing outpatient center in Brooklyn and senior living community in New Jersey.

Amid signs that the investigation is slowing down, they issued a public appeal for help from anyone who might have information on an 18-minute window before the couple were killed in a shootout with the police. Amid signs that the investigation is slowing down, they issued a public appeal for help from anyone who might have information on an 18-minute window before the couple were killed in a shootout with the police. Federal Bureau of Investigation says it has accounted for almost all four hours between time terrorist couple Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik killed 14 people in San Bernardino, Calif, and time they died in police shootout, except for 18-minute window; asks public for help on figuring out gap, hoping to identify residences or businesses couple might have had dealings with in that time.

Ms. Lewis, a Broadway veteran, is replacing Tonya Pinkins, who quit the production last week because of creative differences with its director, Brian Kulick. Ms. Lewis, a Broadway veteran, is replacing Tonya Pinkins, who quit the production last week because of creative differences with its director, Brian Kulick. Classic Stage Company casts Broadway veteran Kecia Lewis as lead in production of Mother Courage and Her Children, replacing  Tonya Pinkins, who quit over creative conflict with director Brian Kulick. 

Putting to death accused Qaeda militants along with advocates for the Shiite minority suggested that the Saudis were willing to endure the high political costs. Putting to death accused Qaeda militants along with advocates for the Shiite minority suggested that the Saudis were willing to endure the high political costs. Saudi Arabia's execution of 47 people, including accused Al Qaeda militants along with prominent Shiite cleric Nimr al-Nimr, sends message to all dissenters that any challenge to royal family's rule will not be tolerated.  

Though she was prolific as an author, Murdoch found time to commit hours to her correspondence. Fans, friends and lovers were the beneficiaries. Though she was prolific as an author, Murdoch found time to commit hours to her correspondence. Fans, friends and lovers were the beneficiaries. Dwight Garner reviews book Living on Paper: Letters From Iris Murdoch 1934-1995, edited by Avril Horner and Anne Rowe. 

Low-income adults in those states have had similar improvements under the Affordable Care Act despite differing approaches to expanding Medicaid. Low-income adults in those states have had similar improvements under the Affordable Care Act despite differing approaches to expanding Medicaid. Study published in journal Health Affairs finds low-income adults in Kentucky and Arkansas have had similar advances in getting medical care under Affordable Care Act, in spite of states' different strategies for expanding Medicaid coverage.

A Marine corporal was arrested in the death of a University of North Texas student who was shot while driving friends from a New Year’s Eve party. A Marine corporal was arrested in the death of a University of North Texas student who was shot while driving friends from a New Year’s Eve party. 

Kiley Lotz, Petal’s main singer, performed songs from the band’s first album, “Shame.” Kiley Lotz, Petal’s main singer, performed songs from the band’s first album, “Shame.” Jon Caramanica reviews concert by rock band Petal at Silent Barn in Bushwick.

Ms. Lopez plays a corrupt Brooklyn detective and Ray Liotta her boss in Adi Hasak’s police series that begins Thursday on NBC. Ms. Lopez plays a corrupt Brooklyn detective and Ray Liotta her boss in Adi Hasak’s police series that begins Thursday on NBC. Neil Genzlinger reviews NBC crime drama Shades of Blue starring Jennifer Lopez and Ray Liotta. 

Bill and Hillary have a marriage like any other — it’s unknowable from the outside. Bill and Hillary have a marriage like any other — it’s unknowable from the outside. Frank Bruni Op-Ed column argues politicians' marriages, like all marriages, are ultimately inscrutable, and warns against judging presidential candidates according to our perceptions of their unions. 

The demolition of the postwar modernist hotel and plans to replace it led to complaints that Tokyo is razing architectural assets to accommodate the 2020 Olympics. The demolition of the postwar modernist hotel and plans to replace it led to complaints that Tokyo is razing architectural assets to accommodate the 2020 Olympics. Preservationists complain that plans for rebuilding of Hotel Okura in Tokyo, which was demolished in 2015, do not embody original style of post-war architecture that made 53-year-old structure so beloved; say changes were made to accommodate surge in tourism and crowds expected to attend 2020 Olympics.

The arrest of Mr. Esteves, who once epitomized Brazil’s global ambitions, in a corruption investigation has rattled the financial community. The arrest of Mr. Esteves, who once epitomized Brazil’s global ambitions, in a corruption investigation has rattled the financial community. Obstruction of justice charges levied against powerful Brazilian banker Andre Esteves, who built financial giant BTG Pactual into most influential and wide-reaching bank in Brazil, have shaken nation's financial market; his rise in banking and details of Petrobras scandal, which led to current charges, chronicled.

Zaki Bani Rushaid, the deputy leader of the Muslim Brotherhood in Jordan, served 13 months in prison for criticizing the United Arab Emirates in a Facebook post. Zaki Bani Rushaid, the deputy leader of the Muslim Brotherhood in Jordan, served 13 months in prison for criticizing the United Arab Emirates in a Facebook post. Zaki Bani Rushaid, deputy leader of Muslim Brotherhood in Jordan, is released from Jordanian prison after serving 13 months for Facebook posting criticizing United Arab Emirates, ally of Jordan.  

Prepared and served whole, the dish behaves much like roasted meat as a centerpiece to be carved at the table. (Article plus video.) Prepared and served whole, the dish behaves much like roasted meat as a centerpiece to be carved at the table. (Article plus video.) Julia Moskin Recipe Lab column shares recipe for whole roasted cauliflower with almond-herb sauce, and additional recipe for garlic tahini sauce.

Security forces were searching the sprawling Indian Air Force base for explosives on Tuesday, the fourth day of the operation. Security forces were searching the sprawling Indian Air Force base for explosives on Tuesday, the fourth day of the operation. India reports that all six gunmen who stormed Pathankot Air Force base near Pakistan border have been killed; attack is seen as effort to undermine improvements in Indian-Pakistani relations. 

“We cannot give in to this form of domestic terrorism,” a reader says. “We cannot give in to this form of domestic terrorism,” a reader says. 

The bank already paid $2 billion in a 2013 settlement with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, but did not meet all the obligations of that earlier settlement. The bank already paid $2 billion in a 2013 settlement with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, but did not meet all the obligations of that earlier settlement. 

In one ad, the political action committee accuses Mr. Christie, his emerging rival, for being a liberal who is too friendly with President Obama. In one ad, the political action committee accuses Mr. Christie, his emerging rival, for being a liberal who is too friendly with President Obama. 

Mohammed Rasool was arrested in August on terrorism charges while covering the clashes between Kurdish fighters and Turkey’s security forces. Mohammed Rasool was arrested in August on terrorism charges while covering the clashes between Kurdish fighters and Turkey’s security forces. Vice News journalist Mohammed Rasool is released from Turkish prison after being held for almost four months on terrorism charges.

The appointment of Dr. Palacio, 54 and a native of the Bronx, fills a key role in the city’s efforts to confront a rise in homelessness. The appointment of Dr. Palacio, 54 and a native of the Bronx, fills a key role in the city’s efforts to confront a rise in homelessness. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio appoints Herminia Palacio as deputy mayor for health and human services, ending four-month vacancy in position; appointment comes as de Blasio administration faces criticism over increase in homeless population.

A total of 9.9 million viewers tuned in on Sunday night for the premiere episode of the PBS drama’s final season. A total of 9.9 million viewers tuned in on Sunday night for the premiere episode of the PBS drama’s final season. 

Readers discuss the president’s plans to expand background checks and increase enforcement of gun laws. Readers discuss the president’s plans to expand background checks and increase enforcement of gun laws. 

Tom Coughlin’s last act as Giants coach, like his first 12 years ago, was an emotional, high-energy oration, leaving many in his audience, including Eli Manning, fighting back tears. Tom Coughlin’s last act as Giants coach, like his first 12 years ago, was an emotional, high-energy oration, leaving many in his audience, including Eli Manning, fighting back tears. Tom Coughlin singles out quarterback Eli Manning for praise in his emotional final address as New York Giants coach; leaves his football future, including possible job in organization's front office, open to speculation.

The personal touch is helping boutique shops compete in the market for advice on deals and strategy, but the founders of Centerview Partners hope to transcend personalities. The personal touch is helping boutique shops compete in the market for advice on deals and strategy, but the founders of Centerview Partners hope to transcend personalities. Boutique investment banks like Centerview are gaining favor among large corporations for number of reasons, including more personalized service, fewer conflicts of interest and greater confidentiality; such banks have more business than ever in 2015, but have vulnerabilities, particularly in market downturn.

Ms. Couch, accused of fleeing to Mexico with her son, Ethan, waived extradition in a Los Angeles court and agreed to return to Texas. Ms. Couch, accused of fleeing to Mexico with her son, Ethan, waived extradition in a Los Angeles court and agreed to return to Texas. Tonya Couch, mother of Texas teenager Ethan Couch, waives extradition in California court and agrees to return to Texas; will face charges related to helping her son, who was facing probation violation hearing in connection with drunk driving incident that took four lives, flee to Mexico. 

In an important shift, racial, ethnic and cultural identity is recovering its role as a main driver of political choice. In an important shift, racial, ethnic and cultural identity is recovering its role as a main driver of political choice. Eduardo Porter Economic Scene column examines reasons behind overwhelming support for some 2016 Republican presidential candidates by working-class white people; holds candidates hone in on their fear of change in country and sentimentality for time when they held greater majority of electorate; notes economic concerns now take back seat to racial, ethnic and cultural issues for these voters.

Also, Biang moves to the East Village, Chinese dry-pot cooking at MaLa Project, and meatballs to take home at Maroni Hot Pots. Also, Biang moves to the East Village, Chinese dry-pot cooking at MaLa Project, and meatballs to take home at Maroni Hot Pots. Restaurants Lucky Bee, Biang, MaLa Project, Maroni Hot Pots, Mussels 'N Sausages, Sexy Taco/Dirty Cash and Yours Sincerely open in New York City.

More than 35,000 dairy cows died after a two-day storm hit West Texas and New Mexico on Dec. 26, leaving farmers unable to reach them amid gusts of 80 miles per hour and 14-foot snow drifts. More than 35,000 dairy cows died after a two-day storm hit West Texas and New Mexico on Dec. 26, leaving farmers unable to reach them amid gusts of 80 miles per hour and 14-foot snow drifts. More than 35,000 dairy cows have died in blizzard that swept acrossTexas and New Mexico, for two days, leaving snow drifts up to 14 feet high and keeping farmers from reaching their herds for days; many cattle have developed frostbite and could still die; states are encouraging farmers to report their losses to the federal government and apply for emergency assistance, including loans. 

A reader says bankers believe that they will not be prosecuted for their actions. A reader says bankers believe that they will not be prosecuted for their actions. 

A reader says the “right to be forgotten” should have a cutoff date. A reader says the “right to be forgotten” should have a cutoff date. 

Pershing Square Holdings finished the year with the worst loss in its 11-year history. Pershing Square Holdings finished the year with the worst loss in its 11-year history. 

Front-runners like “Spoltlight” and “The Revenant” were also nominated. The group’s winner has often dovetailed with the Oscar for best picture. Front-runners like “Spoltlight” and “The Revenant” were also nominated. The group’s winner has often dovetailed with the Oscar for best picture. Nominees are announced for 2015 Producers Guild Awards.

The Obama administration’s obfuscation is not a good sign, a reader writes. The Obama administration’s obfuscation is not a good sign, a reader writes. 

The president of Amalgamated Bank writes that banks need to get on board with New York City’s program. The president of Amalgamated Bank writes that banks need to get on board with New York City’s program. 

Mr. Dao is deputy national editor, and reported on the 2000 presidential campaign and the military. Mr. Dao is deputy national editor, and reported on the 2000 presidential campaign and the military. The New York Times announces deputy national editor James Dao will become Op-Ed editor.

Differences between the two go well beyond the issue of migrants, a reader writes. Differences between the two go well beyond the issue of migrants, a reader writes. 

The Florida Panthers, who have won nine in a row, faced the Sabres on Tuesday; the improved Blackhawks were to meet the Penguins on Tuesday and Wednesday. The Florida Panthers, who have won nine in a row, faced the Sabres on Tuesday; the improved Blackhawks were to meet the Penguins on Tuesday and Wednesday. 

This ABC series takes a searing look at race, class and homophobia through the prism of a sexual assault charge. This ABC series takes a searing look at race, class and homophobia through the prism of a sexual assault charge. James Poniewozik reviews season two of ABC series American Crime starring Connor Jessup and Lili Taylor. 

After three years of drought, at least five days of rain and snow are drenching the state. Emergency agencies are on high alert. After three years of drought, at least five days of rain and snow are drenching the state. Emergency agencies are on high alert. 

Advocates said the number of people taken off the streets on a cold Monday night seemed in line with what had happened during previous cold spells. Advocates said the number of people taken off the streets on a cold Monday night seemed in line with what had happened during previous cold spells. Homeless people in New York City as well as their advocates say Gov Andrew M Cuomo's executive order to remove homeless from streets due to cold spell has had no meaningful impact.

Its kitschy afternoon clamor, with bagels and smoked fish, settles into evening elegance of butterflied trout and seared salmon steaks. Its kitschy afternoon clamor, with bagels and smoked fish, settles into evening elegance of butterflied trout and seared salmon steaks. Pete Wells reviews Sadelle's restaurant in SoHo.

Bagels by day, czarist Russia by night at this new restaurant in SoHo. Bagels by day, czarist Russia by night at this new restaurant in SoHo. 

The insulin, called Afrezza, has had poor sales since being approved by the F.D.A. in 2014. Shares in its maker, MannKind, fell 48 percent. The insulin, called Afrezza, has had poor sales since being approved by the F.D.A. in 2014. Shares in its maker, MannKind, fell 48 percent. Insulin developer MannKind announces that Sanofi is ending agreement in which it had rights to market inhaled insulin called Afrezza; drug has not met sales expectations since Food and Drug Administration approval.

Paul DePodesta, a highly regarded player evaluator with the Mets, was hired as Cleveland’s chief strategy officer, a move certain to raise eyebrows in two sports. Paul DePodesta, a highly regarded player evaluator with the Mets, was hired as Cleveland’s chief strategy officer, a move certain to raise eyebrows in two sports. NFL's Cleveland Browns make move with few precedents, hiring New York Mets executive Paul Depodesta as chief strategy officer; former Harvard athlete, who was featured in Michael Lewis book Moneyball, hopes he can replicate his success with Mets front office that resulted in 2015 World Series appearance.

Buying Legendary Entertainment would help fill seats in the Chinese company’s cinemas globally – and perhaps even bolster China’s soft power. Buying Legendary Entertainment would help fill seats in the Chinese company’s cinemas globally – and perhaps even bolster China’s soft power. 

The two sides said that the new company, to be named L Catterton, would be the largest consumer-focused investor firm in the world. The two sides said that the new company, to be named L Catterton, would be the largest consumer-focused investor firm in the world. LVMH's private equity arm L Capital and private equity firm Catterton have decided to merge into new company called L Catterton, which will have around $12 billion in assets.

Preparing the thick, nutty sauce is quick and easy; add chicken, seafood or vegetables, and dinner is served. Preparing the thick, nutty sauce is quick and easy; add chicken, seafood or vegetables, and dinner is served. Martha Rose Shulman Recipes for Health column offers recipe for shrimp in green mole sauce.

Two other Americans were reported wounded in Marja, where Special Operations forces have been helping the Afghan military fend off a fierce Taliban offensive. Two other Americans were reported wounded in Marja, where Special Operations forces have been helping the Afghan military fend off a fierce Taliban offensive. One American service member dies and two others are injured in Marja, Afghanistan, longtime Taliban stronghold until 2010.

The authorities are investigating whether the anti-narcotics task force agent’s activities have tainted any Yuba County cases. The authorities are investigating whether the anti-narcotics task force agent’s activities have tainted any Yuba County cases. 

To track the push and pull between Mr. Sheen and the media is to see behind the veil of how celebrity secrets are kept hidden and ultimately disclosed. To track the push and pull between Mr. Sheen and the media is to see behind the veil of how celebrity secrets are kept hidden and ultimately disclosed. Circumstances leading up to Charlie Sheen’s disclosure he is HIV positive in November 2015 illuminate extreme measures celebrities take to keep such secrets and media’s persistence to reveal and publish them. 

The private equity firm’s first deal of the year is one that builds on its portfolio of retail companies. The private equity firm’s first deal of the year is one that builds on its portfolio of retail companies. 

The president’s action clarifies existing rules on the sale of firearms and includes efforts to link mental health records with criminal background checks. The president’s action clarifies existing rules on the sale of firearms and includes efforts to link mental health records with criminal background checks. Q&A examines some highlights of Pres Obama's executive action on guns. 

“Every time I think about those kids, it gets me mad,” the president said, discussing the victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting. “Every time I think about those kids, it gets me mad,” the president said, discussing the victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting. Pres Obama, in tearful and emotion-laden speech, condemns shootings that have swept America and vows to curb gun violence with or without Congress's cooperation; Obama faces numerous logistical, legal and political barriers to executive actions he has planned, which are limited in scope, and administration admits it is difficult to gauge potential effect of proposed steps.

Steve Sando grows the Marcella bean in California, prodded by the woman widely considered to be the Julia Child of Italian cooking. Steve Sando grows the Marcella bean in California, prodded by the woman widely considered to be the Julia Child of Italian cooking. Friendship between Steve Sando, owner of specialty-food company Rancho Gordo, and celebrated Italian cookbook author Marcella Hazan has resulted in creation of Marcella bean; bean is sorana variety of cannellini bean prized by Hazan; recipe for simple beans on toast given.

Choosing sides in a very old dispute. Choosing sides in a very old dispute. 

Valcke, Sepp Blatter’s top deputy for nearly a decade, was placed on leave in September amid accusations he was part of a scheme to sell World Cup tickets for personal profit. Valcke, Sepp Blatter’s top deputy for nearly a decade, was placed on leave in September amid accusations he was part of a scheme to sell World Cup tickets for personal profit. Jerome Valcke, FIFA's former secretary, faces nine-year ban, based on recommendation of lead investigator for organization's ethics committee; Valcke, on disciplinary leave from organization since September, was top deputy to former FIFA president Sepp Blatter, who stands accused of multiple counts of corruption. 

Smear attacks by ultra-nationalists on human rights campaigners have sunk to new lows. Smear attacks by ultra-nationalists on human rights campaigners have sunk to new lows. 

Using a password manager can save you the trouble of having to remember the login information for all of your online accounts. Using a password manager can save you the trouble of having to remember the login information for all of your online accounts. 

In 2010, three villages agreed to give up their land to make room for a power plant, plunging the area into a battle over whether the plant would be a savior or a death knell. In 2010, three villages agreed to give up their land to make room for a power plant, plunging the area into a battle over whether the plant would be a savior or a death knell. Yeongdeok Journal; residents of Yeongdeok, South Korea, are engaged in bitter fight over nuclear plant construction project; many have agreed to give up their land to make room for power plant with hopes of creating jobs and revenue, while others believe project would mean end to their centuries-old way of life.

At least 81 civilians were killed in the fighting in December, the agency said, attributing most of the deaths to airstrikes by the Saudi-led coalition. At least 81 civilians were killed in the fighting in December, the agency said, attributing most of the deaths to airstrikes by the Saudi-led coalition. United Nations reports that at least 81 Yemeni civilians have died in airstrikes by Saudi-led coalition, despite cease-fire called by both sides.

Days after an attack on a bar, the suspect’s whereabouts and motives are a mystery, and the authorities have still not determined if the shooting was an act of terrorism. Days after an attack on a bar, the suspect’s whereabouts and motives are a mystery, and the authorities have still not determined if the shooting was an act of terrorism. Israeli authorities give no indication as to possible motive in shooting at bar in Tel Aviv, and remain unsure off whereabouts of primary suspect Nashat Melhem, an Arab Israeli described by family members as having history of mental disturbances. 

The European Court of Human Rights ruled in favor of a Russian man who was detained during a political rally in 2012 and who was sentenced to two weeks in jail for jaywalking. The European Court of Human Rights ruled in favor of a Russian man who was detained during a political rally in 2012 and who was sentenced to two weeks in jail for jaywalking. European Court of Human Rights rules in favor of Russian protester Yevgeniy Frumkin, who was sentenced to two weeks in jail for jaywalking at political rally in Moscow in 2012, and orders Russian government to pay Frumkin more than $30,000 in damages and expenses; says there was no way Frumkin could comply with police officer's demands given tight confines and large crowd of people.

The company’s problems in the country began in 2014, when it ended support for Windows XP, hoping users would upgrade to more recent operating systems. The company’s problems in the country began in 2014, when it ended support for Windows XP, hoping users would upgrade to more recent operating systems. China's State Administration for Industry and Commerce, which is currently examining possible antitrust violations at Microsoft, announces additional inquiry into electronic data business practices at company; move suggests company's efforts to endear itself to China's leadership have done little to assuage regulatory challenges it faces there.

To understand football better, take your eyes off the ball and the quarterback. To understand football better, take your eyes off the ball and the quarterback. 

The actor explains why he felt such discomfort when contemplating his Golden Globe-nominated role in “Beasts of No Nation.” The actor explains why he felt such discomfort when contemplating his Golden Globe-nominated role in “Beasts of No Nation.” 

He favors remaining in the bloc if he can get some changes to his nation’s relationship with Brussels, but some of his cabinet ministers and other party figures are known to have doubts. He favors remaining in the bloc if he can get some changes to his nation’s relationship with Brussels, but some of his cabinet ministers and other party figures are known to have doubts. British Prime Min David Cameron will allow government ministers to campaign for either side in upcoming referendum on Britain's membership in European Union.

Real Madrid’s presentation of Zidane had the trappings of a coronation rather than the hiring of a soccer coach, but he must win at all costs. Real Madrid’s presentation of Zidane had the trappings of a coronation rather than the hiring of a soccer coach, but he must win at all costs. 

Omelets made by the author ripple to the plate like a silk handkerchief from the forged-aluminum model by Zwilling J.A. Henckels. Omelets made by the author ripple to the plate like a silk handkerchief from the forged-aluminum model by Zwilling J.A. Henckels. Novelist and travel writer Paul Theroux relies on collection of nonstick frying pans to cook eggs from chickens he raises at his home in Hawaii.

Many countries signaled that they would take a measured approach, sympathizing with Saudi Arabia, a powerful ally, but also trying to avoid a conflict with Iran. Many countries signaled that they would take a measured approach, sympathizing with Saudi Arabia, a powerful ally, but also trying to avoid a conflict with Iran. Several Sunni Muslim countries in Middle East are leaning toward Saudi Arabia in its conflict with Iran, but many are reluctant to offer help for fear of getting pulled into a potentially serious battle with Iran, country governed by Shiite clerics. 

A major survey of Americans struggling with medical bills finds that, even among the insured, illness and injury can reshape a family’s financial health. A major survey of Americans struggling with medical bills finds that, even among the insured, illness and injury can reshape a family’s financial health. Survey of Americans grappling with steep medical bills shows having insurance often provides little protection from significant medical debt; poll shows 20 percent of people younger than 65 with health insurance reported trouble paying medical bills in 2015, compared with 53 percent of uninsured; numbers reflect high cost of health care in United States and limitations of Affordable Care Act.

The New York Times/Kaiser Family Foundation survey is based on interviewing 2,575 adults nationwide from ages 18 to 64. The New York Times/Kaiser Family Foundation survey is based on interviewing 2,575 adults nationwide from ages 18 to 64. 

Outside income has led to corruption, but it also means a Legislature with a veterinarian, an undertaker and a church organist, among other occupations. Outside income has led to corruption, but it also means a Legislature with a veterinarian, an undertaker and a church organist, among other occupations. Recent high-profile corruption trials of New York State legislators have prompted calls to end so-called outside income and make Legislature full-time job; many lawmakers who work in fields like undertaking or veterinary medicine find idea ridiculous as they see no conflict of interest between between their professions and their legislative work.

The takeover would cement Orange as the largest mobile carrier in France, though any deal would face tough questions from the region’s antitrust regulators. The takeover would cement Orange as the largest mobile carrier in France, though any deal would face tough questions from the region’s antitrust regulators. Orange announces it is in negotiations to acquire Bouygues Telecom, latest attempt to consolidated highly balkanized cellphone market in Europe.

The deal would give Dalian Wanda Group, which has close ties to the Communist Party’s ruling elite, a foothold in America’s entertainment industry. The deal would give Dalian Wanda Group, which has close ties to the Communist Party’s ruling elite, a foothold in America’s entertainment industry. Chinese company Dalian Wanda Group is set to buy majority stake in Legendary Entertainment in deal that values production company at around $4 billion.

Wall Street moved slightly higher, coming off global plummets on the first trading day of 2016. Wall Street moved slightly higher, coming off global plummets on the first trading day of 2016. 

The highly acclaimed Manhattan restaurant is simplifying its tasting menu and how it is presented to diners. The highly acclaimed Manhattan restaurant is simplifying its tasting menu and how it is presented to diners. Stately restaurant Eleven Madison Park is making dramatic shift back to simplicity after several years of elaborate tasting menu courses; new menu offers fewer items, less dramatic presentation and more diner choice.

Eleven Madison Park is to introduce a new minimalist menu. Eleven Madison Park is to introduce a new minimalist menu. 

Also, pasta made from chickpeas; a new market in Bushwick; Asian-style broths; wines from Italy; and codfish fillets from Spain’s Basque country. Also, pasta made from chickpeas; a new market in Bushwick; Asian-style broths; wines from Italy; and codfish fillets from Spain’s Basque country. Florence Fabricant Front Burner column notes selection of rich, warming Asian-style broths by Nona Lim Broths, offered at Whole Foods; other food and cooking items noted.

It’s a little more work, but there is a big payoff with this one-pan dish. (Article plus video.) It’s a little more work, but there is a big payoff with this one-pan dish. (Article plus video.) Melissa Clark A Good Appetite column offers recipe for skillet chicken with tomatoes, pancetta and mozzarella. 

Inviting readers to taste one of the more moderately priced Burgundies. Inviting readers to taste one of the more moderately priced Burgundies. 

Versatile yet complicated, fino asks to be explored with an open mind. Versatile yet complicated, fino asks to be explored with an open mind. Eric Asimov wine school column shares insights and reactions to fino sherry.

Nostalgia suffuses the finest dishes from the chef Björn DelaCruz. Nostalgia suffuses the finest dishes from the chef Björn DelaCruz. Ligaya Mishan reviews Manila Social Club restaurant in Williamsburg, Brooklyn.

Nostalgia suffuses the dishes at this Filipino restaurant in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Nostalgia suffuses the dishes at this Filipino restaurant in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. 

The oil industry, with its history of booms and busts, is in a new downturn. The oil industry, with its history of booms and busts, is in a new downturn. 

Drug deaths have surged in nearly every U.S. county, reaching a new peak in 2014. Drug deaths have surged in nearly every U.S. county, reaching a new peak in 2014. 

Los críticos de Obama consideran que su “paciencia estratégica” le ha permitido al régimen acumular un arsenal nuclear que podría ascender a más de 20 armas para finales de este año. Los críticos de Obama consideran que su “paciencia estratégica” le ha permitido al régimen acumular un arsenal nuclear que podría ascender a más de 20 armas para finales de este año. 

El cantante inglés desafía y abraza a sus seguidores en esta última producción de su carrera. El cantante inglés desafía y abraza a sus seguidores en esta última producción de su carrera. 

With Puerto Rico’s economic crisis forcing young professionals to seek opportunity on the American mainland, Joseph Rodriguez looked at those who have been left behind. With Puerto Rico’s economic crisis forcing young professionals to seek opportunity on the American mainland, Joseph Rodriguez looked at those who have been left behind. 

 Ted Cruz visited Goldfield, population 635, and spoke of his young daughters and recited a Henny Youngman joke that didn’t quite land. Ted Cruz visited Goldfield, population 635, and spoke of his young daughters and recited a Henny Youngman joke that didn’t quite land.

 Friday fun with Peter Collins. Friday fun with Peter Collins.

The days on which alternate-side street-cleaning rules will be suspended in New York City in 2016. The days on which alternate-side street-cleaning rules will be suspended in New York City in 2016. 

President Bill Clinton’s library released transcripts of phone conversations with Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain, offering a revealing look at Mr. Clinton. Here is selection of documents pulled from the full 532 page release. President Bill Clinton’s library released transcripts of phone conversations with Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain, offering a revealing look at Mr. Clinton. Here is selection of documents pulled from the full 532 page release. 

 It was about half an hour into Donald Trump’s speech that the police here made it official: No one else in line, which still snaked around the block, was getting in. It was about half an hour into Donald Trump’s speech that the police here made it official: No one else in line, which still snaked around the block, was getting in.

 Senator Ted Cruz of Texas visited Webster City, where he quoted Stephen Sondheim and told an old standby joke. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas visited Webster City, where he quoted Stephen Sondheim and told an old standby joke.

 Mr. LePage, the first major elected official to endorse Gov. Chris Christie for president, talked of drug dealers with names like “D-Money” who came into the state and impregnated “white girls.” Mr. LePage, the first major elected official to endorse Gov. Chris Christie for president, talked of drug dealers with names like “D-Money” who came into the state and impregnated “white girls.”

 Having handed out too many tickets for a theater that holds just 1,400 people, the Trump campaign was turning away ticket-holders who said they did not support the candidate. Having handed out too many tickets for a theater that holds just 1,400 people, the Trump campaign was turning away ticket-holders who said they did not support the candidate.

The writer and director Stephen Cone narrates a sequence from his film “Henry Gamble’s Birthday Party.” The writer and director Stephen Cone narrates a sequence from his film “Henry Gamble’s Birthday Party.” 

 The memorial concert at Le Poisson Rouge in Greenwich Village, “Au Revoir, Pierre: A Tribute to the Life and Works of Pierre Boulez,” will start at 6 p.m. The memorial concert at Le Poisson Rouge in Greenwich Village, “Au Revoir, Pierre: A Tribute to the Life and Works of Pierre Boulez,” will start at 6 p.m.

With the help of the stylist Leesa Evans, the raunchy actress has chosen sleek and sexy designer gowns for recent premieres and award ceremonies. With the help of the stylist Leesa Evans, the raunchy actress has chosen sleek and sexy designer gowns for recent premieres and award ceremonies. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

 In a liberal enclave fiercely loyal to Bernie Sanders, Burlington’s former mayor, residents were amazed and perplexed by Donald J. Trump’s planned rally on Thursday night. In a liberal enclave fiercely loyal to Bernie Sanders, Burlington’s former mayor, residents were amazed and perplexed by Donald J. Trump’s planned rally on Thursday night.

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

 Bill Clinton returned to the campaign trail in Iowa, where he shied away from questions about Donald J. Trump but embraced topics like renewable energy and confronting allergies. Bill Clinton returned to the campaign trail in Iowa, where he shied away from questions about Donald J. Trump but embraced topics like renewable energy and confronting allergies.

The Times critic A.O. Scott reviews “The Treasure.” The Times critic A.O. Scott reviews “The Treasure.” 

The actress wore a beaded Armani Privé top and skirt on stage at the People’s Choice Awards last night. The actress wore a beaded Armani Privé top and skirt on stage at the People’s Choice Awards last night. 

The Times critic Manohla Dargis reviews “Lamb.” The Times critic Manohla Dargis reviews “Lamb.” 

 Donald J. Trump brought gridlock to Burlington, Vt., as the police braced for an overflow of thousands of political activists who were certain to be shut out from the candidate’s rally. Donald J. Trump brought gridlock to Burlington, Vt., as the police braced for an overflow of thousands of political activists who were certain to be shut out from the candidate’s rally.

The Times critic Stephen Holden reviews “Anesthesia.” The Times critic Stephen Holden reviews “Anesthesia.” 

New reports of the snakes on Australian beaches came after the rare appearance of two in California. New reports of the snakes on Australian beaches came after the rare appearance of two in California. 

The photographer (and model) Ethan James Green finds many of the subjects in his ongoing series of creatives on social media. The photographer (and model) Ethan James Green finds many of the subjects in his ongoing series of creatives on social media. 

The photographer’s photos, many of which highlight the fluidity of gender, are intimate, sympathetic and haunting. The photographer’s photos, many of which highlight the fluidity of gender, are intimate, sympathetic and haunting. 

News of seismic activity in North Korea surfaced Tuesday night. How did The Times get a full story on the paper’s front page the next morning? News of seismic activity in North Korea surfaced Tuesday night. How did The Times get a full story on the paper’s front page the next morning? 

 Ted Cruz said that the new “Star Wars” movie was “much more realistic and down-to-earth than whatever the Democrats were talking about” at their last debate. Ted Cruz said that the new “Star Wars” movie was “much more realistic and down-to-earth than whatever the Democrats were talking about” at their last debate.

 Photos from Serbia, France, the West Bank and Germany. Photos from Serbia, France, the West Bank and Germany.

Serbia and Elsewhere: Pictures of the Day Serbia and Elsewhere: Pictures of the Day 

Above and beyond the Angel of Independence monument in the city's Paseo de la Reforma. Above and beyond the Angel of Independence monument in the city's Paseo de la Reforma. 

“Mad About the Boy,” a new exhibition at the London College of Fashion, opens on the eve of the men’s shows. “Mad About the Boy,” a new exhibition at the London College of Fashion, opens on the eve of the men’s shows. 

A new exhibition at the London College of Fashion explores men’s wear and youth culture. A new exhibition at the London College of Fashion explores men’s wear and youth culture. 

 Tony Yazbeck will replace Matthew Morrison in “Finding Neverland.” Tony Yazbeck will replace Matthew Morrison in “Finding Neverland.”

The musician and fashion designer shows T her favorite spots in South Africa’s biggest city. The musician and fashion designer shows T her favorite spots in South Africa’s biggest city. 

The musician and designer takes T to some of her favorite spots in her hometown, South Africa’s biggest city. The musician and designer takes T to some of her favorite spots in her hometown, South Africa’s biggest city. 

Algunos de mis nuevos colegas me comentaron que era su primera vez en el edificio de la Asamblea Nacional. Algunos de mis nuevos colegas me comentaron que era su primera vez en el edificio de la Asamblea Nacional. 

 In response to a recent editorial, readers debated whether the government wants to confiscate guns from responsible owners. In response to a recent editorial, readers debated whether the government wants to confiscate guns from responsible owners.

 A crowd of Trump supporters, hecklers and curious observers braved freezing temperatures to get a glimpse of the Republican presidential candidate who dared to set foot upon the traditionally liberal turf of Bernie Sanders. A crowd of Trump supporters, hecklers and curious observers braved freezing temperatures to get a glimpse of the Republican presidential candidate who dared to set foot upon the traditionally liberal turf of Bernie Sanders.

 Ms. Evans, the artistic director of LCT3, Lincoln Center Theater’s program for the production of shows by new playwrights, directors and designers, will succeed James Houghton. Ms. Evans, the artistic director of LCT3, Lincoln Center Theater’s program for the production of shows by new playwrights, directors and designers, will succeed James Houghton.

 A series of experimental workshop performances re-examining Mr. Gordon’s past is also coming. A series of experimental workshop performances re-examining Mr. Gordon’s past is also coming.

 At a Pizza Ranch in Pocahontas, Iowa, Ted Cruz expressed gratitude about the size of his family, and checked on a woman who briefly fainted, reportedly at the sound of a Democrat’s name. At a Pizza Ranch in Pocahontas, Iowa, Ted Cruz expressed gratitude about the size of his family, and checked on a woman who briefly fainted, reportedly at the sound of a Democrat’s name.

 Planned Parenthood said that it would endorse Hillary Clinton — its first endorsement in a presidential primary in the nonprofit’s 100-year existence. Planned Parenthood said that it would endorse Hillary Clinton — its first endorsement in a presidential primary in the nonprofit’s 100-year existence.

 The Angoulême International Comics Festival prompted protests when it nominated only men for its Grand Prix. The Angoulême International Comics Festival prompted protests when it nominated only men for its Grand Prix.

It’s a big world out there, so we’ve narrowed it down for you. From the temples of Malta to the crystalline waters of the Yucatán, explore our top destinations to visit this year. It’s a big world out there, so we’ve narrowed it down for you. From the temples of Malta to the crystalline waters of the Yucatán, explore our top destinations to visit this year. 

 Senator Marco Rubio of Florida seemed both disgusted and amused by the worldwide attention that have bee given to his sleek high-heel boots. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida seemed both disgusted and amused by the worldwide attention that have bee given to his sleek high-heel boots.

Aurora James, creative director of the brand Brother Vellies, traveled around the country — where she is producing pieces with local craftspeople. Aurora James, creative director of the brand Brother Vellies, traveled around the country — where she is producing pieces with local craftspeople. 

 Senator Paul answered a reader’s question during his visit to the editorial board. Senator Paul answered a reader’s question during his visit to the editorial board.

The fans do the voting for these awards, naming winners that include “Homeland” and the actress Priyanka Chopra. The fans do the voting for these awards, naming winners that include “Homeland” and the actress Priyanka Chopra. 

An armed protest at a remote federal wildlife refuge was the latest flare-up in a decades-long struggle over control of federal land. An armed protest at a remote federal wildlife refuge was the latest flare-up in a decades-long struggle over control of federal land. 

The designer finds inspiration in the people of the Omo Valley — and meets with craftsmen she employs through her work with the Ethical Fashion Initiative. The designer finds inspiration in the people of the Omo Valley — and meets with craftsmen she employs through her work with the Ethical Fashion Initiative. 

The hydrogen-bomb test the young leader claims to have conducted isn’t just saber-rattling — it suggests his vision for the future of his isolated country. The hydrogen-bomb test the young leader claims to have conducted isn’t just saber-rattling — it suggests his vision for the future of his isolated country. 

 Tribeca Enterprises, the company behind the Tribeca Film Festival, has hired a new chief executive from Madison Avenue. Tribeca Enterprises, the company behind the Tribeca Film Festival, has hired a new chief executive from Madison Avenue.

 What would Teddy Roosevelt, who created the Malheur refuge, have done about an armed occupation? What would Teddy Roosevelt, who created the Malheur refuge, have done about an armed occupation?

 Ms. Kaye, who died this week, was the first woman to serve as chief judge of New York State. Ms. Kaye, who died this week, was the first woman to serve as chief judge of New York State.

A beauty salon specializing in natural, curly hair in the Dominican Republic, where straightened hair reigns, got a huge response from readers. A beauty salon specializing in natural, curly hair in the Dominican Republic, where straightened hair reigns, got a huge response from readers. 

 Parents are relying more on talk than tools to monitor teenagers online. Parents are relying more on talk than tools to monitor teenagers online.

 The choreographer Stephen Petronio, who is beginning a $3 million campaign to establish a choreographic residency program in Pawling, N.Y., announced Thursday that he had received a gift from the artist Anish Kapoor. The choreographer Stephen Petronio, who is beginning a $3 million campaign to establish a choreographic residency program in Pawling, N.Y., announced Thursday that he had received a gift from the artist Anish Kapoor.

 In New Hampshire, Jeb Bush revealed that he loves his mother more than his father, and the former Florida governor went on to add that he is “better looking” than Chris Christie. In New Hampshire, Jeb Bush revealed that he loves his mother more than his father, and the former Florida governor went on to add that he is “better looking” than Chris Christie.

Melissa Weller of Sadelle’s in SoHo sips a daily turmeric tonic first thing in the morning to compensate for her work diet. Melissa Weller of Sadelle’s in SoHo sips a daily turmeric tonic first thing in the morning to compensate for her work diet. 

 Donald J. Trump said he would favor a 45 percent tariff on Chinese exports to the United States, proposing the idea during a wide-ranging meeting with members of the editorial board of The New York Times. Donald J. Trump said he would favor a 45 percent tariff on Chinese exports to the United States, proposing the idea during a wide-ranging meeting with members of the editorial board of The New York Times.

 Her appointment comes with the retirement in April of the current artistic director, Franco De Vita. Her appointment comes with the retirement in April of the current artistic director, Franco De Vita.

 In what could be a preview of next week’s Republican presidential debate, Gov. Chris Christie laced into Senator Marco Rubio in an interview with the conservative radio host Laura Ingraham this week, saying that Hillary Clinton will “cut his heart out.” In what could be a preview of next week’s Republican presidential debate, Gov. Chris Christie laced into Senator Marco Rubio in an interview with the conservative radio host Laura Ingraham this week, saying that Hillary Clinton will “cut his heart out.”

In which we finally figure out what this season is actually about: stagnation. In which we finally figure out what this season is actually about: stagnation. 

During a visit to the editorial board, the candidate took a moment to answer a question from a Times reader. During a visit to the editorial board, the candidate took a moment to answer a question from a Times reader. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: The Dominican armed forces rebel against an order to exile top officers in 1966. From the International Herald Tribune archives: The Dominican armed forces rebel against an order to exile top officers in 1966.

 Can you solve a real-life medical mystery involving a 59-year-old man tormented by a thunderous pounding in his head? Can you solve a real-life medical mystery involving a 59-year-old man tormented by a thunderous pounding in his head?

 Let’s recap a busy day at the International CES, where many of the most interesting announcements had nothing to do with smartphones or their apps. Let’s recap a busy day at the International CES, where many of the most interesting announcements had nothing to do with smartphones or their apps.

 How have citizen paleontologists been involved in the hunt for fossils in the quarry? How have citizen paleontologists been involved in the hunt for fossils in the quarry?

 The statue is a reminder of the sordid history Japan prefers to forget, and Japan wants it removed. The statue is a reminder of the sordid history Japan prefers to forget, and Japan wants it removed.

This collection of past Times interactive graphics and explanatory articles focuses on the American gun control debate. This collection of past Times interactive graphics and explanatory articles focuses on the American gun control debate. 

 In our first Reader Idea from a student, a high school senior from Chicago explains how she and her fellow peer educators used a Times article to spur student discussion on a sensitive topic. In our first Reader Idea from a student, a high school senior from Chicago explains how she and her fellow peer educators used a Times article to spur student discussion on a sensitive topic.

 Venture capitalists pulled back from start-up investing in the fourth quarter of 2015, in a somber end to the year. Venture capitalists pulled back from start-up investing in the fourth quarter of 2015, in a somber end to the year.

Use the hashtag #52places on Instagram to show us the one place you think people should travel in 2016. Use the hashtag #52places on Instagram to show us the one place you think people should travel in 2016. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Roosevelt creates a board to oversee arms production in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Roosevelt creates a board to oversee arms production in 1941.

A returnee to New York City after 30 years in Europe was amazed at how many things one can get delivered to one’s doorstep. A returnee to New York City after 30 years in Europe was amazed at how many things one can get delivered to one’s doorstep. 

 President Franklin D. Roosevelt with his daughter, Anna, watched a baseball game between the White House press corps and a team fielded by the broadcast journalist Lowell Thomas near Pawling, N.Y., on Sept. 21, 1935. President Franklin D. Roosevelt with his daughter, Anna, watched a baseball game between the White House press corps and a team fielded by the broadcast journalist Lowell Thomas near Pawling, N.Y., on Sept. 21, 1935.

 Some lucky gun rights advocates will get the chance to tell the president directly what they think about his efforts to restrict gun sales during a televised town-hall-style forum on Thursday night, according to the White House. Some lucky gun rights advocates will get the chance to tell the president directly what they think about his efforts to restrict gun sales during a televised town-hall-style forum on Thursday night, according to the White House.

 New federal dietary guidelines announced on Thursday urge Americans to drastically cut back on sugar, and for the first time have singled out teenage boys and men for eating too much meat. New federal dietary guidelines announced on Thursday urge Americans to drastically cut back on sugar, and for the first time have singled out teenage boys and men for eating too much meat.

 Mrs. Clinton will be in San Gabriel, Calif., on Thursday to court Asian-Americans, a growing constituency that tends to lean Democratic, and open the group the Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders for Hillary. Mrs. Clinton will be in San Gabriel, Calif., on Thursday to court Asian-Americans, a growing constituency that tends to lean Democratic, and open the group the Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders for Hillary.

Here’s what you need to know to start the day. Here’s what you need to know to start the day. 

 Donald J. Trump has questioned the eligibility of Mr. Cruz, who was born in Canada but whose mother was a United States citizen, to serve as president. John McCain faced similar ones in 2008, but his Senate colleagues came to his defense. Mr. Cruz, who is not widely liked in the Senate, might not receive the same courtesy. Donald J. Trump has questioned the eligibility of Mr. Cruz, who was born in Canada but whose mother was a United States citizen, to serve as president. John McCain faced similar ones in 2008, but his Senate colleagues came to his defense. Mr. Cruz, who is not widely liked in the Senate, might not receive the same courtesy.

 The coming issue of Democracy features wide-ranging policy ideas from scholars and activists, seeking to persuade the Democratic nominees running after eight years of a Democratic administration to look beyond “more of the same.” The coming issue of Democracy features wide-ranging policy ideas from scholars and activists, seeking to persuade the Democratic nominees running after eight years of a Democratic administration to look beyond “more of the same.”

Thursday: New releases from the public library, brisk weather, and telephone history. Thursday: New releases from the public library, brisk weather, and telephone history. 

 Top Executive to Leave Morgan Stanley | Starboard Value Pushes Again for Change at Yahoo Top Executive to Leave Morgan Stanley | Starboard Value Pushes Again for Change at Yahoo

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 In his new book, “Always Hungry?,” David Ludwig argues that the primary driver of obesity today is not an excess of calories per se, but an excess of high glycemic foods like sugar, refined grains and other processed carbohydrates. In his new book, “Always Hungry?,” David Ludwig argues that the primary driver of obesity today is not an excess of calories per se, but an excess of high glycemic foods like sugar, refined grains and other processed carbohydrates.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: President Theodore Roosevelt dies in 1919. From the International Herald Tribune archives: President Theodore Roosevelt dies in 1919.

 Are there any resolutions you want to make on how to be a better child? What advice would you give yourself? Are there any resolutions you want to make on how to be a better child? What advice would you give yourself?

 A new book takes a look at the collective’s groundbreaking work in “speaking of our lives as only we can.” A new book takes a look at the collective’s groundbreaking work in “speaking of our lives as only we can.”

A California effort to exempt feminine hygiene products from sales tax raises a larger question: Just what is a necessity of life, and who decides? A California effort to exempt feminine hygiene products from sales tax raises a larger question: Just what is a necessity of life, and who decides? The Upshot; dispute has emerged in California over proposal in state Assembly to exempt tampons and sanitary napkins from state's sales tax; such exemptions have become hotly disputed of late, given that many exemptions already exist and state revenues have suffered as result.

Efforts on paid leave for new parents are welcome, advocates say, yet don’t address the wider challenges of working while having a family. Efforts on paid leave for new parents are welcome, advocates say, yet don’t address the wider challenges of working while having a family. The Upshot; number of efforts in New York State and City are being made to address issue of paid family leave, idea likely to be focused on by number of presidential candidates; even as issue gains spotlight, experts note legislation being proposed addresses only small sliver of time, specifically early on in children's lives, and ignores large numbers of workers who need time to care for aging parents, spouses or their own health problems.

 Should the government still own so much land in the West or should its control over that land be reduced? Should the government still own so much land in the West or should its control over that land be reduced?

Medicare should encourage patients to weigh the costs and risks of prostate tests, not punish doctors for ordering them. Medicare should encourage patients to weigh the costs and risks of prostate tests, not punish doctors for ordering them. Op-Ed article by professors H Gilbert Welch and Peter C Albertsen argues despite concerns over hazards of prostate cancer screening, Medicare should not penalize doctors for ordering it; recommends rewarding them instead for collaborating on complex decision with patients considering test.

The United States and its allies can no longer ignore the real and growing nuclear threat from North Korea, and China must use its influence. The United States and its allies can no longer ignore the real and growing nuclear threat from North Korea, and China must use its influence. Editorial chastises United States and other world powers for condemning North Korea's latest nuclear test without taking effective diplomatic action; argues multilateral approach is necessary, crucially involving China, which has more influence with North and could use opportunity to prove itself as global leader.

The need to spend hours in “call rooms” seeking political donations takes away from time actually spent serving constituents. The need to spend hours in “call rooms” seeking political donations takes away from time actually spent serving constituents. Editorial laments fact that members of Congress spend much of their time incessantly soliciting campaign donations, burden they look forward to being free of once they retire.

The critics in the G.O.P. who scolded the president for weeping while talking about shooting deaths have it wrong. We should all be crying. The critics in the G.O.P. who scolded the president for weeping while talking about shooting deaths have it wrong. We should all be crying. Nicholas Kristof Op-Ed column chastises those who criticize Pres Obama for tearing up during announcement of new gun safety measures; accuses Republicans of politicizing complicated public health issue; cites evidence linking increase in gun deaths with loosening of gun laws.

A 1989 Supreme Court decision continues to immunize government from the kind of accountability that common sense and justice would seem to require. A 1989 Supreme Court decision continues to immunize government from the kind of accountability that common sense and justice would seem to require. 

Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders both have campaigns about outrage, but Sanders’s has much better villains. Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders both have campaigns about outrage, but Sanders’s has much better villains. Gail Collins Op-Ed column notes presidential campaigns of both Donald J Trump and Bernie Sanders draw on same reservoir of anger among electorate, yet appeal to different constituencies.

He doesn’t actually have to collapse; he just has to fail to expand his current support. He doesn’t actually have to collapse; he just has to fail to expand his current support. Ross Douthat Op-Ed column argues relatively high level of support for presidential candidate Donald J Trump has made him frontrunner but is still insufficient to earn him Republican nomination.

You have to explore the history of gun regulation to fully appreciate its racial dimensions. You have to explore the history of gun regulation to fully appreciate its racial dimensions. 

 Using strikingly similar pitches, and strikingly similar attacks on Republicans, the Democratic candidates for president courted a room full of Nevada Democrats. Using strikingly similar pitches, and strikingly similar attacks on Republicans, the Democratic candidates for president courted a room full of Nevada Democrats.

Corrections appearing in print on Thursday, January 7, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Thursday, January 7, 2016. 

Quotation of the Day for Thursday, January 7, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Thursday, January 7, 2016. 

 In Storm Lake, Senator Ted Cruz kept track of his movements with his Fitbit and told a woman who had come to the country from Mexico as an undocumented teenager that “it matters if you follow the rules.” In Storm Lake, Senator Ted Cruz kept track of his movements with his Fitbit and told a woman who had come to the country from Mexico as an undocumented teenager that “it matters if you follow the rules.”

The players pleaded not guilty to charges related to home invasions and an assault. Tejay Johnson was among those arraigned. The players pleaded not guilty to charges related to home invasions and an assault. Tejay Johnson was among those arraigned. Seven former Rutgers football players plead not guilty to charges, including assault, in connection with home invasions.

Victoria Azarenka, a two-time Australian Open champion, beat Ysaline Bonaventure, 6-3, 6-2, at the Brisbane International in Australia. Victoria Azarenka, a two-time Australian Open champion, beat Ysaline Bonaventure, 6-3, 6-2, at the Brisbane International in Australia. Victoria Azarenka defeats Ysaline Bonaventure to advance to Brisbane International tennis tournament quarterfinals; other tennis matches noted.

Federal prosecutors want a Miami judge to reduce by more than a year the prison sentence being served by Anthony Bosch, the former owner of the clinic. Federal prosecutors want a Miami judge to reduce by more than a year the prison sentence being served by Anthony Bosch, the former owner of the clinic. Federal prosecutors request that four-year prison sentence of Anthony Bosch, former owner of Biogenesis of America clinic, which supplied banned substances to Major League Baseball players, be reduced to 32 months for cooperation; other baseball news noted.

The Union fired Peter Nowak in 2012 after getting complaints that he hazed rookie players by spanking them so hard it hurt his hand, according to newly filed court documents. The Union fired Peter Nowak in 2012 after getting complaints that he hazed rookie players by spanking them so hard it hurt his hand, according to newly filed court documents. Newly released court documents accuse former Philadelphia Union coach Peter Nowak of hazing rookie players by spanking them and directing them to run 10 miles under poor conditions; Novak is trying to persuade federal court to overturn April 2015 ruling that upheld his dismissal from team and ordered him to pay team's legal fees; other soccer news noted.

Seeso, NBC’s new streaming site, goes for laughs round the clock. Jane Lynch and Jennifer Lopez unveil their latest roles. And the Tatums get down and dirty in “Lip Sync Battle.” Seeso, NBC’s new streaming site, goes for laughs round the clock. Jane Lynch and Jennifer Lopez unveil their latest roles. And the Tatums get down and dirty in “Lip Sync Battle.” 

Lynch, who the final seven games of the regular season after having abdominal surgery in late November, was a full participant in practice. Lynch, who the final seven games of the regular season after having abdominal surgery in late November, was a full participant in practice. NFL Roundup; Seattle Seahawks running back Marshawn Lynch appears on practice field for first time since undergoing abdominal surgery in November 2015.

 This word has appeared in 66 New York Times articles in the past year. This word has appeared in 66 New York Times articles in the past year.

Jake Layman scored 18 points, Diamond Stone had 15 points and 10 rebounds, and the Terrapins never trailed in securing their eighth straight victory. Jake Layman scored 18 points, Diamond Stone had 15 points and 10 rebounds, and the Terrapins never trailed in securing their eighth straight victory. College Basketball Roundup; Maryland men's basketball team routs Rutgers, 88-63; other men's and women's scores noted.

LASHINE--Selma, on January 5, 2016. Beloved wife of the late David. Devoted mother of Carol Ellis, Nancy Lashine and the late William. Mother-in-law to Stephen Ellis and Gary Sher. Cherished grandmother of Jeffrey and Claudia Ellis, Diana, Julia and David Sher. Services today, 1pm, at "The Riverside," 76th St. and Amsterdam Ave. Donations in her memory may be made to Hunter College Foundation-Selma Lashine Scholarship Fund. 1/3 LASHINE--Selma, on January 5, 2016. Beloved wife of the late David. Devoted mother of Carol Ellis, Nancy Lashine and the late William. Mother-in-law to Stephen Ellis and Gary Sher. Cherished grandmother of Jeffrey and Claudia Ellis, Diana, Julia and David Sher. Services today, 1pm, at "The Riverside," 76th St. and Amsterdam Ave. Donations in her memory may be made to Hunter College Foundation-Selma Lashine Scholarship Fund. 1/3 

SWADOS--Elizabeth. February 5, 1951-January 5, 2016. Artist, mentor, composer. Cherished wife of Roz Lichter. Culture has lost a great one but heaven will now rock with the music of her soul. Thank you to the doctors and nurses and staff at Cornell Weill and NYU Langone. A memorial service is being planned. In lieu of flowers, contributions in Liz's memory may be made to the Educational Advocacy Project at the Legal Aid Society ("Legal Aid Society- EAP") or the Jewish Women's Archive. "She shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water that brings forth the fruit in season, whose leaves shall not wither." 1/3 SWADOS--Elizabeth. February 5, 1951-January 5, 2016. Artist, mentor, composer. Cherished wife of Roz Lichter. Culture has lost a great one but heaven will now rock with the music of her soul. Thank you to the doctors and nurses and staff at Cornell Weill and NYU Langone. A memorial service is being planned. In lieu of flowers, contributions in Liz's memory may be made to the Educational Advocacy Project at the Legal Aid Society ("Legal Aid Society- EAP") or the Jewish Women's Archive. "She shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water that brings forth the fruit in season, whose leaves shall not wither." 1/3 

ANGELO--John M. The Officers, Trustees and Members of the Hollywood Golf Club note with sorrow the passing of their longtime friend and member, Mr. John M. Angelo. Former Board of Trustees Member, Creator and Chairperson of the Scholarship Committee, Club Historian/Chairperson of the Historical Committee and Golf Enthusiast. We offer our heartfelt condolences to his family. James Aaron, President Kevin Lang, Secretary 1/3 ANGELO--John M. The Officers, Trustees and Members of the Hollywood Golf Club note with sorrow the passing of their longtime friend and member, Mr. John M. Angelo. Former Board of Trustees Member, Creator and Chairperson of the Scholarship Committee, Club Historian/Chairperson of the Historical Committee and Golf Enthusiast. We offer our heartfelt condolences to his family. James Aaron, President Kevin Lang, Secretary 1/3 

ROSS--Donald K. Sr.,of Franklin Lakes, NJ, Water Mill, NY and Vero Beach, FL passed away at his home in New Jersey on January 5, 2016 after an extended illness. He was born in 1925, the son of Alexander and Althea Grainger Ross of Ridgewood, NJ. Mr. Ross was the valedictorian of his Ridgewood High School class in 1942 and matriculated as an undergraduate at Yale University in the V 12 United States Navy training program. While at Yale he was a member of the varsity swim team and majored in electrical engineering. Upon graduation he was commissioned as an ensign in the U.S. Navy. After three years of active duty in the Navy he resigned his commission and entered Harvard Business School. Upon graduation he spent a summer as a counselor at Camp Pemigewassett in Wentworth, NH where he and his brother Sandy had spent their boyhood summers. He soon joined New York Life Insurance Company as a trainee. Mr. Ross spent his entire professional career at New York Life, culminating with his serving for a decade as its CEO, President and Chairman of its board of directors. Don met the love of his life, Mary Fyffe, in the second grade. They were married in 1949 and she survives him; along with their four children Catherine Lesher (Charles), Susan Morris (William), D. Keith Ross, Jr. (Suzanne) and Deborah Cipriano (Gaetano), along with nine grandchildren, three step-grandchildren and six great-grandchildren. He is also survived by his younger brother Alexander "Sandy" Ross and many nieces and nephews and their families. He was a beloved family man and a true gentleman of the old school with a calm demeanor, impeccable judgment, and an illuminating smile. Mr. Ross was a life- long, enthusiastic golfer. He was an active member of the Arcola Country Club in Paramus, NJ, National Golf Links of America in Southampton, NY, and the Moorings Country Club, Vero Beach, FL. He also was a longtime member of the Indian Trail Club in Franklin Lakes, NJ where he played competitive platform tennis for many years. In addition to his career with New York Life Insurance Co., Mr. Ross was Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the YMCA of Greater New York; Trustee of the Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc. and the Colonial Williamsburg Foundation; and a member of the Boards of Directors of the Committee for Economic Development and the New York Chamber of Commerce. In addition he was an elder and building committee member of the Presbyterian Church of Franklin Lakes, NJ and he was instrumental in the construction of its Church on Franklin Lake Road. A Memorial Service will be held on Friday, January 8, 2016 at 4pm at the High Mountain Presbyterian Church, 730 Franklin Lake Road, Franklin Lakes, NJ. In lieu of flowers, the family requests that donations be made to the Hackensack UMC Foundation Heart Failure Fund, 360 Essex Street, Suite 301. Hackensack, NJ 07601 or by calling 551-996-3720. Services by Vander Plaat-Vermeulen Memorial Home, 530 High Mountain Road, Franklin Lakes, NJ 07417. For further info. please visit www.vpmemorial.com or call us at (201)891-4770. 1/3 ROSS--Donald K. Sr.,of Franklin Lakes, NJ, Water Mill, NY and Vero Beach, FL passed away at his home in New Jersey on January 5, 2016 after an extended illness. He was born in 1925, the son of Alexander and Althea Grainger Ross of Ridgewood, NJ. Mr. Ross was the valedictorian of his Ridgewood High School class in 1942 and matriculated as an undergraduate at Yale University in the V 12 United States Navy training program. While at Yale he was a member of the varsity swim team and majored in electrical engineering. Upon graduation he was commissioned as an ensign in the U.S. Navy. After three years of active duty in the Navy he resigned his commission and entered Harvard Business School. Upon graduation he spent a summer as a counselor at Camp Pemigewassett in Wentworth, NH where he and his brother Sandy had spent their boyhood summers. He soon joined New York Life Insurance Company as a trainee. Mr. Ross spent his entire professional career at New York Life, culminating with his serving for a decade as its CEO, President and Chairman of its board of directors. Don met the love of his life, Mary Fyffe, in the second grade. They were married in 1949 and she survives him; along with their four children Catherine Lesher (Charles), Susan Morris (William), D. Keith Ross, Jr. (Suzanne) and Deborah Cipriano (Gaetano), along with nine grandchildren, three step-grandchildren and six great-grandchildren. He is also survived by his younger brother Alexander "Sandy" Ross and many nieces and nephews and their families. He was a beloved family man and a true gentleman of the old school with a calm demeanor, impeccable judgment, and an illuminating smile. Mr. Ross was a life- long, enthusiastic golfer. He was an active member of the Arcola Country Club in Paramus, NJ, National Golf Links of America in Southampton, NY, and the Moorings Country Club, Vero Beach, FL. He also was a longtime member of the Indian Trail Club in Franklin Lakes, NJ where he played competitive platform tennis for many years. In addition to his career with New York Life Insurance Co., Mr. Ross was Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the YMCA of Greater New York; Trustee of the Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc. and the Colonial Williamsburg Foundation; and a member of the Boards of Directors of the Committee for Economic Development and the New York Chamber of Commerce. In addition he was an elder and building committee member of the Presbyterian Church of Franklin Lakes, NJ and he was instrumental in the construction of its Church on Franklin Lake Road. A Memorial Service will be held on Friday, January 8, 2016 at 4pm at the High Mountain Presbyterian Church, 730 Franklin Lake Road, Franklin Lakes, NJ. In lieu of flowers, the family requests that donations be made to the Hackensack UMC Foundation Heart Failure Fund, 360 Essex Street, Suite 301. Hackensack, NJ 07601 or by calling 551-996-3720. Services by Vander Plaat-Vermeulen Memorial Home, 530 High Mountain Road, Franklin Lakes, NJ 07417. For further info. please visit www.vpmemorial.com or call us at (201)891-4770. 1/3 

BOULEZ--Pierre. The Board of Trustees and staff of Carnegie Hall celebrate the life of our dear friend and colleague Pierre Boulez, one of the most important and influential artists of the 20th century. A legendary composer, conductor, musical philosopher and activist, Pierre Boulez was a visionary and trailblazing global force for modern music. Carnegie Hall was privileged to elect him an Honorary Trustee in 1995, and to appoint him as the Richard and Barbara Debs Composer's Chair from 1999 to 2003. Boulez made approximately 75 appearances at Carnegie Hall, conducting close to 60 performances on our stages, and his works have been performed on more than 80 programs. As an arts educator, he was inspirational-challenging audiences to explore a new aesthetic of music through his musical research center IRCAM, and, in the course of the Professional Training Workshops he led through Carnegie Hall's Weill Music Institute, offering profound insights to young musicians. Boulez's work in Paris served as an inspiration in the conception of Zankel Hall, the opening season of which included performances by Boulez with the Ensemble Intercontemporain. Pierre Boulez will be deeply missed by all of us at Carnegie Hall and by the entire artistic community, though his brilliant musical legacy and pioneering spirit will stay with us all. We express heartfelt condolences to his sister, Jeanne Chevalier Boulez, and brother, Roger Boulez, as well as their many children and grandchildren. Sanford I. Weill, President; Mercedes T. Bass, Acting Chairman; Clive Gillinson, Executive & Artistic Director 1/3 BOULEZ--Pierre. The Board of Trustees and staff of Carnegie Hall celebrate the life of our dear friend and colleague Pierre Boulez, one of the most important and influential artists of the 20th century. A legendary composer, conductor, musical philosopher and activist, Pierre Boulez was a visionary and trailblazing global force for modern music. Carnegie Hall was privileged to elect him an Honorary Trustee in 1995, and to appoint him as the Richard and Barbara Debs Composer's Chair from 1999 to 2003. Boulez made approximately 75 appearances at Carnegie Hall, conducting close to 60 performances on our stages, and his works have been performed on more than 80 programs. As an arts educator, he was inspirational-challenging audiences to explore a new aesthetic of music through his musical research center IRCAM, and, in the course of the Professional Training Workshops he led through Carnegie Hall's Weill Music Institute, offering profound insights to young musicians. Boulez's work in Paris served as an inspiration in the conception of Zankel Hall, the opening season of which included performances by Boulez with the Ensemble Intercontemporain. Pierre Boulez will be deeply missed by all of us at Carnegie Hall and by the entire artistic community, though his brilliant musical legacy and pioneering spirit will stay with us all. We express heartfelt condolences to his sister, Jeanne Chevalier Boulez, and brother, Roger Boulez, as well as their many children and grandchildren. Sanford I. Weill, President; Mercedes T. Bass, Acting Chairman; Clive Gillinson, Executive & Artistic Director 1/3 

COOPER--Wyatt E. Sept. 1, 1927-Jan. 5, 1978. Daddy and Carter within us always. Gloria and Anderson. 1/3 COOPER--Wyatt E. Sept. 1, 1927-Jan. 5, 1978. Daddy and Carter within us always. Gloria and Anderson. 1/3 

KAPLAN--Gilbert. The Juilliard School community mourns the passing of Gilbert Kaplan, a member of the school's Evening Division faculty since 2000 and devoted supporter of the arts around the world. Through his popular courses on Mahler for music lovers, Gil brought his extraordinary expertise and passion to a composer whose work is better understood through his scholarship and performances. We extend our deepest condolences to his wife, Lena, and his beautiful family. He will be deeply missed by all. Joseph W. Polisi, President; Ara Guzelimian, Provost and Dean; Danielle La Senna, Director of Juilliard's Evening Division 1/3 KAPLAN--Gilbert. The Juilliard School community mourns the passing of Gilbert Kaplan, a member of the school's Evening Division faculty since 2000 and devoted supporter of the arts around the world. Through his popular courses on Mahler for music lovers, Gil brought his extraordinary expertise and passion to a composer whose work is better understood through his scholarship and performances. We extend our deepest condolences to his wife, Lena, and his beautiful family. He will be deeply missed by all. Joseph W. Polisi, President; Ara Guzelimian, Provost and Dean; Danielle La Senna, Director of Juilliard's Evening Division 1/3 

SCOTT--Brother Gilbert J.,S.J., on January 6, 2016. Reposing at the Murray-Weigel Hall Chapel, 515 East Fordham Rd., Bronx, NY, on Friday, 3-5pm and 7-9pm (prayer service at 7pm). Funeral Mass at the Murray Weigel Hall Chapel, Saturday, 11:30am. Interment at the Jesuit Cemetery, Auriesville, NY. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Northeast Province of the Society of Jesus, 39 E. 83rd St, NYC, NY 10028. For information, contact Farenga Bros, Inc., Directors (718)654-0500. 1/3 SCOTT--Brother Gilbert J.,S.J., on January 6, 2016. Reposing at the Murray-Weigel Hall Chapel, 515 East Fordham Rd., Bronx, NY, on Friday, 3-5pm and 7-9pm (prayer service at 7pm). Funeral Mass at the Murray Weigel Hall Chapel, Saturday, 11:30am. Interment at the Jesuit Cemetery, Auriesville, NY. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Northeast Province of the Society of Jesus, 39 E. 83rd St, NYC, NY 10028. For information, contact Farenga Bros, Inc., Directors (718)654-0500. 1/3 

PETSCHEK--Charles I. Three years without you. Most special of men. Always in our hearts, always loved. Elaine, children and grandchildren 1/3 PETSCHEK--Charles I. Three years without you. Most special of men. Always in our hearts, always loved. Elaine, children and grandchildren 1/3 

KAPLAN--Gilbert, died peacefully on the morning of January 1, 2016, with Lena, his wife of 45 years, and their four loving children by his side. An uncommon man in every respect, he founded Institutional Investor magazine at the age of 26, serving as its Publisher and Editor-in-Chief for the next two decades, only to embark on a second life as a renowned amateur conductor of Mahler's Second Symphony. He said of the symphony that it "wrapped itself around me and never let go." This passion ultimately led to conducting engagements with over 60 orchestras throughout the world, acclaimed recordings of the work with the London Symphony Orchestra and the Vienna Philharmonic and, more recently, a faculty position at Juilliard. His private life was just as rich. He married the woman he loved at first sight, loved her deeply to the end, and together they presided over a family of four beautiful children, Kristina Wallison, Claude Davies, John Kaplan and Emily Kaplan, and eight grandchildren. All grieve profoundly at his passing, but feel deeply blessed to have loved and been loved by this remarkable man. The family will receive friends at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue (at 81st Street) in New York City, on Thursday, January 7 at 2-5pm and 7-9pm. Friends are invited to email stories and condolences to: gilkaplanfamily@gmail.com. 1/3 KAPLAN--Gilbert, died peacefully on the morning of January 1, 2016, with Lena, his wife of 45 years, and their four loving children by his side. An uncommon man in every respect, he founded Institutional Investor magazine at the age of 26, serving as its Publisher and Editor-in-Chief for the next two decades, only to embark on a second life as a renowned amateur conductor of Mahler's Second Symphony. He said of the symphony that it "wrapped itself around me and never let go." This passion ultimately led to conducting engagements with over 60 orchestras throughout the world, acclaimed recordings of the work with the London Symphony Orchestra and the Vienna Philharmonic and, more recently, a faculty position at Juilliard. His private life was just as rich. He married the woman he loved at first sight, loved her deeply to the end, and together they presided over a family of four beautiful children, Kristina Wallison, Claude Davies, John Kaplan and Emily Kaplan, and eight grandchildren. All grieve profoundly at his passing, but feel deeply blessed to have loved and been loved by this remarkable man. The family will receive friends at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue (at 81st Street) in New York City, on Thursday, January 7 at 2-5pm and 7-9pm. Friends are invited to email stories and condolences to: gilkaplanfamily@gmail.com. 1/3 

BOULEZ--Pierre. The New York Philharmonic deeply mourns the passing of Pierre Boulez, our bold and innovative Music Director from 1971 to 1977 as well as a trailblazing composer and thinker. Under Boulez, the Philharmonic introduced concert formats that brought the audience in direct contact with composers and performers, including the informal Rug Concerts and downtown Prospective Encounters. He returned in 1986 for a 14- event series highlighting his work as conductor, composer, and leader of the Ensemble Intercontemporain. In 1992 he celebrated the Philharmonic's 150th anniversary in a concert also led by former Music Directors Zubin Mehta and Kurt Masur. In the same year Boulez was made an Honorary Member of the Society, an honor shared by such figures as Wagner, Stravinsky, and Bernstein. New York Philharmonic Music Director Alan Gilbert said: "Pierre Boulez was a towering and influential musical figure whose Philharmonic leadership implicitly laid down a challenge of innovation and invention that continues to inspire us to this day. To me, personally, he also was an unfailingly gracious mentor and friend, from the years when I worked with him in Cleveland and when I was appointed to the Philharmonic to the last time I saw him in Baden- Baden on a Philharmonic tour. I will miss his musicianship, kindness, and wisdom." The New York Philharmonic family sends our love and compassion to his family. 1/3 BOULEZ--Pierre. The New York Philharmonic deeply mourns the passing of Pierre Boulez, our bold and innovative Music Director from 1971 to 1977 as well as a trailblazing composer and thinker. Under Boulez, the Philharmonic introduced concert formats that brought the audience in direct contact with composers and performers, including the informal Rug Concerts and downtown Prospective Encounters. He returned in 1986 for a 14- event series highlighting his work as conductor, composer, and leader of the Ensemble Intercontemporain. In 1992 he celebrated the Philharmonic's 150th anniversary in a concert also led by former Music Directors Zubin Mehta and Kurt Masur. In the same year Boulez was made an Honorary Member of the Society, an honor shared by such figures as Wagner, Stravinsky, and Bernstein. New York Philharmonic Music Director Alan Gilbert said: "Pierre Boulez was a towering and influential musical figure whose Philharmonic leadership implicitly laid down a challenge of innovation and invention that continues to inspire us to this day. To me, personally, he also was an unfailingly gracious mentor and friend, from the years when I worked with him in Cleveland and when I was appointed to the Philharmonic to the last time I saw him in Baden- Baden on a Philharmonic tour. I will miss his musicianship, kindness, and wisdom." The New York Philharmonic family sends our love and compassion to his family. 1/3 

SHANNON--George E.,83, Broadcast Pioneer dies. George Shannon was President of CBS in the 70s and 80s, during the golden years of the "Tiffany Network." He oversaw all broadcast production facilities nationwide, all remote production including sports events and major news coverages, network distribution system, engineering and development. Countless Emmy Awards for engineering excellence were earned under his leadership and vision. Mr. Shannon, of West Islip, Long Island, passed on January 4, 2016. He was the beloved husband of the late Rita J. Shannon. He was the devoted father of Sharon Ann Fuentes, Barbara Ann Kelly and Michael T. Shannon and the cherished grandfather of six. Mr. Shannon will be reposing at The Fredrick J. Chapey & Sons West Islip Funeral Home, 1225 Montauk Hwy., (Quarter mile west of the Robert Moses Cswy). Celebration of the Liturgy of Christian Burial, Saturday 10:00am at St. Joseph's R.C. Church, Babylon, Long Island. Interment to follow at St. Patrick's Cemetery, Huntington, Long Island. Visiting Friday, 2:00pm until 4:30pm and 7:00pm until 9:30pm. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, P.O. Box 5028, Hagerstown, MD 21741-5028 or to St. Johnland Nursing Center, 395 Sunken Meadow Road, Kings Park, NY 11754. 1/3 SHANNON--George E.,83, Broadcast Pioneer dies. George Shannon was President of CBS in the 70s and 80s, during the golden years of the "Tiffany Network." He oversaw all broadcast production facilities nationwide, all remote production including sports events and major news coverages, network distribution system, engineering and development. Countless Emmy Awards for engineering excellence were earned under his leadership and vision. Mr. Shannon, of West Islip, Long Island, passed on January 4, 2016. He was the beloved husband of the late Rita J. Shannon. He was the devoted father of Sharon Ann Fuentes, Barbara Ann Kelly and Michael T. Shannon and the cherished grandfather of six. Mr. Shannon will be reposing at The Fredrick J. Chapey & Sons West Islip Funeral Home, 1225 Montauk Hwy., (Quarter mile west of the Robert Moses Cswy). Celebration of the Liturgy of Christian Burial, Saturday 10:00am at St. Joseph's R.C. Church, Babylon, Long Island. Interment to follow at St. Patrick's Cemetery, Huntington, Long Island. Visiting Friday, 2:00pm until 4:30pm and 7:00pm until 9:30pm. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, P.O. Box 5028, Hagerstown, MD 21741-5028 or to St. Johnland Nursing Center, 395 Sunken Meadow Road, Kings Park, NY 11754. 1/3 

HALPERT--Carolyn McDaniel. The Methodist Home for Nursing and Rehabilitation notes with sorrow the passing of our esteemed, very active Board member, Carolyn Halpert. Her hard work on behalf of the residents will be sorely missed, as well as her gracious presence at our meetings. We extend our sincere condolences to her family and her fellow parishioners at Christ Church United Methodist, where a memorial service will be held on Sunday, January 10 at 2pm. Methodist Home for Nursing and Rehabilitation Maria Perez, Chief Executive Officer Graham Relf, President, Board of Directors 1/3 HALPERT--Carolyn McDaniel. The Methodist Home for Nursing and Rehabilitation notes with sorrow the passing of our esteemed, very active Board member, Carolyn Halpert. Her hard work on behalf of the residents will be sorely missed, as well as her gracious presence at our meetings. We extend our sincere condolences to her family and her fellow parishioners at Christ Church United Methodist, where a memorial service will be held on Sunday, January 10 at 2pm. Methodist Home for Nursing and Rehabilitation Maria Perez, Chief Executive Officer Graham Relf, President, Board of Directors 1/3 

ANGELO--John M. The Board of Directors, Volunteers, and Staff of the Ronald McDonald House of New York wish to express our sincere sympathy of the passing of our dear friend and benefactor, John M. Angelo. John dutifully served as a member of the Board of Directors of our charity from 2005 to 2014 when he became a Member at Large. He was both generous and kind to the special kids and families battling cancer at the Ronald McDonald House. Our sincere sympathy and deepest condolences go out to his dear wife, Judy, his children, and the entire Angelo family. Respectfully, Tina Lundgren, Chairman of the Board; Harris Diamond, Vice Chair, Chairman Elect; Stanley B. Shopkorn, Chairman, Emeritus; Joel Newman Interim President & Chief Executive Officer, Ronald McDonald House New York 1/3 ANGELO--John M. The Board of Directors, Volunteers, and Staff of the Ronald McDonald House of New York wish to express our sincere sympathy of the passing of our dear friend and benefactor, John M. Angelo. John dutifully served as a member of the Board of Directors of our charity from 2005 to 2014 when he became a Member at Large. He was both generous and kind to the special kids and families battling cancer at the Ronald McDonald House. Our sincere sympathy and deepest condolences go out to his dear wife, Judy, his children, and the entire Angelo family. Respectfully, Tina Lundgren, Chairman of the Board; Harris Diamond, Vice Chair, Chairman Elect; Stanley B. Shopkorn, Chairman, Emeritus; Joel Newman Interim President & Chief Executive Officer, Ronald McDonald House New York 1/3 

SCHNEIDER--Claire, 92, died on January 5, 2016. She was predeceased by her husband of 54 years, David. She is survived by her daughters Stephanie Singer of Florida, Amy Schneider of New Hampshire and Tina Schneider of Maine. She is also survived by her seven grandchildren, three great-grandchildren, and an extended family who loved her dearly. Funeral services to be held at noon on January 7th at Riverside Memorial Chapel, New York City. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America or the Multiple Sclerosis Foundation. 1/3 SCHNEIDER--Claire, 92, died on January 5, 2016. She was predeceased by her husband of 54 years, David. She is survived by her daughters Stephanie Singer of Florida, Amy Schneider of New Hampshire and Tina Schneider of Maine. She is also survived by her seven grandchildren, three great-grandchildren, and an extended family who loved her dearly. Funeral services to be held at noon on January 7th at Riverside Memorial Chapel, New York City. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America or the Multiple Sclerosis Foundation. 1/3 

SWADOS--Elizabeth. The Peter S. Reed Foundation extends deepest sympathies to fellow board member Roz Lichter on the passing of her brilliant wife, Liz Swados. 1/3 SWADOS--Elizabeth. The Peter S. Reed Foundation extends deepest sympathies to fellow board member Roz Lichter on the passing of her brilliant wife, Liz Swados. 1/3 

GLOBUS--Sarah, died at home on December 13, 2015. She is survived by her husband, Herschel Goldfield, her children, Ori and Vivian, and by sisters Martha Globus-Rodriguez and Laura Day. Sarah is remembered with great love and affection by her family and friends and by the community in Manhattan Valley, where she devoted many years of her life helping children and others in need as the founder of Neighborhood Kids of Harlem. Sarah graduated from Hunter College and Columbia Law School. In lieu of flowers, the family requests that donations be made to Children's Aid Society. 1/3 GLOBUS--Sarah, died at home on December 13, 2015. She is survived by her husband, Herschel Goldfield, her children, Ori and Vivian, and by sisters Martha Globus-Rodriguez and Laura Day. Sarah is remembered with great love and affection by her family and friends and by the community in Manhattan Valley, where she devoted many years of her life helping children and others in need as the founder of Neighborhood Kids of Harlem. Sarah graduated from Hunter College and Columbia Law School. In lieu of flowers, the family requests that donations be made to Children's Aid Society. 1/3 

MORRISON--Richard. We mourn the loss of our partner, colleague and friend Richard Morrison, who suffered a heart attack and passed away on January 4. He was an important member of Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP for nearly 30 years, and was deeply devoted to his work, colleagues and clients. As Managing Partner of Weil's Miami office and a longstanding partner in our Real Estate practice, Richard was instrumental in the development of Weil's presence in Miami and was also integral in helping to shape our global Real Estate practice. Richard split his time between our Miami and New York offices, and was known and loved by partners, associates and staff across all of Weil's offices. He graduated with a B.A. from Vanderbilt University in 1981 and earned a J.D. from the University of Florida's Levin College of Law in 1984. We will remember Richard with the utmost respect and admiration, and we offer our deepest sympathy to his family; he will be greatly missed by his many friends and colleagues at Weil. 1/3 MORRISON--Richard. We mourn the loss of our partner, colleague and friend Richard Morrison, who suffered a heart attack and passed away on January 4. He was an important member of Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP for nearly 30 years, and was deeply devoted to his work, colleagues and clients. As Managing Partner of Weil's Miami office and a longstanding partner in our Real Estate practice, Richard was instrumental in the development of Weil's presence in Miami and was also integral in helping to shape our global Real Estate practice. Richard split his time between our Miami and New York offices, and was known and loved by partners, associates and staff across all of Weil's offices. He graduated with a B.A. from Vanderbilt University in 1981 and earned a J.D. from the University of Florida's Levin College of Law in 1984. We will remember Richard with the utmost respect and admiration, and we offer our deepest sympathy to his family; he will be greatly missed by his many friends and colleagues at Weil. 1/3 

WOLNEK--Stephen S. The Jewish Community Relations Council of New York mourns the passing of our esteemed Board member, Executive Committee member, and dear friend, Stephen Wolnek. A national and global Jewish leader, Steve was involved with JCRC-NY for three decades and served as an officer and co-chair of our Israel and International Affairs Commission. May his wife, Elysia, and entire family be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. Ronald G. Weiner President Michael S. Miller Exec. VP and CEO 1/3 WOLNEK--Stephen S. The Jewish Community Relations Council of New York mourns the passing of our esteemed Board member, Executive Committee member, and dear friend, Stephen Wolnek. A national and global Jewish leader, Steve was involved with JCRC-NY for three decades and served as an officer and co-chair of our Israel and International Affairs Commission. May his wife, Elysia, and entire family be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. Ronald G. Weiner President Michael S. Miller Exec. VP and CEO 1/3 

SCHUBERT--David Paul, passed away on Saint John's Day 2015. Beloved of family Chris, Danielle and Joann. 1/3 SCHUBERT--David Paul, passed away on Saint John's Day 2015. Beloved of family Chris, Danielle and Joann. 1/3 

ANGELO--John. The Smithsonian Community is deeply saddened by the passing of John Angelo. Together with his wife, Judy Hart Angelo, a National Board member, John was a loyal and generous friend to the Smithsonian, strong and supportive partner in Judy's board service, gracious New York City host and leader with her in helping the institution renew its brand and external communications in this new millennium. We are grateful to have benefitted from his commitment, foresight and many contributions. Our deepest sympathies go out to John's wife, Judy, their children, Jack, Jesse and Kate and their families and friends. 1/3 ANGELO--John. The Smithsonian Community is deeply saddened by the passing of John Angelo. Together with his wife, Judy Hart Angelo, a National Board member, John was a loyal and generous friend to the Smithsonian, strong and supportive partner in Judy's board service, gracious New York City host and leader with her in helping the institution renew its brand and external communications in this new millennium. We are grateful to have benefitted from his commitment, foresight and many contributions. Our deepest sympathies go out to John's wife, Judy, their children, Jack, Jesse and Kate and their families and friends. 1/3 

ANGELO--John. We mourn the death of our pal John Angelo, whose energy, confidence and love of life inspired everyone he knew. Our family's sympathies go to his devoted wife Judy and their children Kate, Jack and Jesse. Susan and Peter Solomon and Family 1/3 ANGELO--John. We mourn the death of our pal John Angelo, whose energy, confidence and love of life inspired everyone he knew. Our family's sympathies go to his devoted wife Judy and their children Kate, Jack and Jesse. Susan and Peter Solomon and Family 1/3 

STANLEY--Ted. The Brain & Behavior Research Foundation, formerly the National Alliance for Research on Schizophrenia and Depression (NARSAD), mourns the passing of Ted Stanley, a prominent philanthropist for mental health research and our organization. Mr. Stanley in partnership with his wife, Vada, who passed away in 2013, were early supporters and kind friends to the Brain & Behavior Research Foundation. Their generosity in supporting research on mental illness is a great model for all of us. We recognize that they have enhanced the lives of many through their work and have the deepest gratitude to them both. Our deepest sympathies to their son Jonathan and to all of their loved ones. Jeffrey Borenstein, M.D., President Constance E. Lieber, President Emerita Stephen A. Lieber, Chairman of the Board Herbert A. Pardes, M.D., President of the Scientific Council 1/3 STANLEY--Ted. The Brain & Behavior Research Foundation, formerly the National Alliance for Research on Schizophrenia and Depression (NARSAD), mourns the passing of Ted Stanley, a prominent philanthropist for mental health research and our organization. Mr. Stanley in partnership with his wife, Vada, who passed away in 2013, were early supporters and kind friends to the Brain & Behavior Research Foundation. Their generosity in supporting research on mental illness is a great model for all of us. We recognize that they have enhanced the lives of many through their work and have the deepest gratitude to them both. Our deepest sympathies to their son Jonathan and to all of their loved ones. Jeffrey Borenstein, M.D., President Constance E. Lieber, President Emerita Stephen A. Lieber, Chairman of the Board Herbert A. Pardes, M.D., President of the Scientific Council 1/3 

BALDWIN--Robert H.B. NewYork-Presbyterian is deeply saddened by the loss of Robert H.B. Baldwin, a beloved friend of our institution. Mr. Baldwin served as Vice Chairman of the Board of Trustees at The Presbyterian Hospital (now NewYork- Presbyterian), and was elected a Life Trustee in 1997 in recognition of his outstanding contributions to the Hospital. A man of extraordinary talent and vision, he emphasized the importance of philanthropy as chairman of Morgan Stanley, and fostered an enduring bond between the firm and NewYork-Presbyterian that continues to advance patient care for New Yorkers and patients around the world. We offer our sincere condolences to his wife, Dorothy, his children and stepchildren and all of his family and loved ones. Frank A. Bennack, Jr., Chairman of the Board John J. Mack, Vice Chair of the Board Jerry I. Speyer, Vice Chair of the Board Steven J. Corwin, MD, CEO NewYork-Presbyterian 1/3 BALDWIN--Robert H.B. NewYork-Presbyterian is deeply saddened by the loss of Robert H.B. Baldwin, a beloved friend of our institution. Mr. Baldwin served as Vice Chairman of the Board of Trustees at The Presbyterian Hospital (now NewYork- Presbyterian), and was elected a Life Trustee in 1997 in recognition of his outstanding contributions to the Hospital. A man of extraordinary talent and vision, he emphasized the importance of philanthropy as chairman of Morgan Stanley, and fostered an enduring bond between the firm and NewYork-Presbyterian that continues to advance patient care for New Yorkers and patients around the world. We offer our sincere condolences to his wife, Dorothy, his children and stepchildren and all of his family and loved ones. Frank A. Bennack, Jr., Chairman of the Board John J. Mack, Vice Chair of the Board Jerry I. Speyer, Vice Chair of the Board Steven J. Corwin, MD, CEO NewYork-Presbyterian 1/3 

SWADOS--Elizabeth. Pure of heart. Soul sister, goofmother, genius. She sang to the Lord a new song. We are with you, Roz. Nessa Rapoport, Tobi Kahn, Josh, Mattie, Doria 1/3 SWADOS--Elizabeth. Pure of heart. Soul sister, goofmother, genius. She sang to the Lord a new song. We are with you, Roz. Nessa Rapoport, Tobi Kahn, Josh, Mattie, Doria 1/3 

MARK--Erika Reider, of New York City and East Hampton died on January 5, 2016 after a brief illness. She was predeceased by her husband Richard, to whom she was lovingly married for 57 years. She is survived by her daughters, Jennifer and Audrey, and grandchildren Emily, Johnny, Henry, Tommy and Charlie, as well as her brothers, Alan and Jeffrey Reider. She graduated from Wellesley College and had a stellar career as a magazine editor. She received the National Magazine Award for her work at Good Housekeeping and was honored at a reception with President Clinton at the White House. She was fluent in five languages and was an avid world traveler with an adventurous spirit. She enjoyed playing tennis at the East Hampton Tennis Club and golf at the Noyac Golf Club as well as participating in two book clubs. Most of all she loved spending time with her family who greatly adored her and will miss her terribly. Funeral services to be held Friday January 8, 2016 at 2:00pm at Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. 1/3 MARK--Erika Reider, of New York City and East Hampton died on January 5, 2016 after a brief illness. She was predeceased by her husband Richard, to whom she was lovingly married for 57 years. She is survived by her daughters, Jennifer and Audrey, and grandchildren Emily, Johnny, Henry, Tommy and Charlie, as well as her brothers, Alan and Jeffrey Reider. She graduated from Wellesley College and had a stellar career as a magazine editor. She received the National Magazine Award for her work at Good Housekeeping and was honored at a reception with President Clinton at the White House. She was fluent in five languages and was an avid world traveler with an adventurous spirit. She enjoyed playing tennis at the East Hampton Tennis Club and golf at the Noyac Golf Club as well as participating in two book clubs. Most of all she loved spending time with her family who greatly adored her and will miss her terribly. Funeral services to be held Friday January 8, 2016 at 2:00pm at Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. 1/3 

SIMON--Sylvia F.,age 89, died January 3 at her home in Rye, NY. Beloved wife of the late Franklin Simon II. Devoted mother of Cici Holbrook and Leslie Simon. Dear grandmother of William Holbrook and Douglas McClure. Adoring great- grandmother of William and Thomas Holbrook. The family will receive friends at the Graham Funeral Home in Rye, NY on Thursday from 4pm to 7pm. A Mass of Christian Burial will be held on Friday at the Church of the Resurrection at 10am. 1/3 SIMON--Sylvia F.,age 89, died January 3 at her home in Rye, NY. Beloved wife of the late Franklin Simon II. Devoted mother of Cici Holbrook and Leslie Simon. Dear grandmother of William Holbrook and Douglas McClure. Adoring great- grandmother of William and Thomas Holbrook. The family will receive friends at the Graham Funeral Home in Rye, NY on Thursday from 4pm to 7pm. A Mass of Christian Burial will be held on Friday at the Church of the Resurrection at 10am. 1/3 

Montreal scored once on a power play and once on a penalty kill, with Torrey Mitchell accounting for the winner in the second period. Montreal scored once on a power play and once on a penalty kill, with Torrey Mitchell accounting for the winner in the second period. NHL Roundup; Montreal Canadiens defeat New Jersey Devils, 2-1; other hockey scores and news noted.

MacIntyre was the SEC coach of the year and received the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award for the 1982 season, when he guided the Commodores to an 8-4 record. MacIntyre was the SEC coach of the year and received the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award for the 1982 season, when he guided the Commodores to an 8-4 record. George MacIntyre, Vanderbilt football coach from 1979 to 1985 who received Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award in 1982, dies at age 76. 

Smith, who coached the Bears for nine seasons and once led them to the Super Bowl, went 8-24 in two seasons with Tampa Bay. Smith, who coached the Bears for nine seasons and once led them to the Super Bowl, went 8-24 in two seasons with Tampa Bay. Tampa Bay Buccaneers fire coach Lovie Smith after two seasons.

Kevin Canty, who pleaded guilty to manslaughter, shot his wife seven times as their 6- and 9-year-old children watched inside the couple’s Queens home on April 19, 2014. Kevin Canty, who pleaded guilty to manslaughter, shot his wife seven times as their 6- and 9-year-old children watched inside the couple’s Queens home on April 19, 2014. 

The authorities arrested 18 former officers on charges related to massacres and disappearances in the 1980s, the bloodiest period of the country’s 36-year civil war. The authorities arrested 18 former officers on charges related to massacres and disappearances in the 1980s, the bloodiest period of the country’s 36-year civil war. Guatemalan government arrests 18 former high-ranking military officers suspected of committing atrocities in 1980s during country's civil war; move puts pressure on president-elect Jimmy Morales, whose political party has significant number of former officers. 

Jonas Valanciunas had 22 points and 11 rebounds for Toronto, which bounced back from consecutive losses. The Nets have not won at Barclays Center since Dec. 10. Jonas Valanciunas had 22 points and 11 rebounds for Toronto, which bounced back from consecutive losses. The Nets have not won at Barclays Center since Dec. 10. NBA Roundup; Toronto Raptors defeat Brooklyn Nets, 91-74; other basketball scores noted.

It did not take long for Jeremy Wilson to return to a life of forging checks and playing confidence tricks after he was released from federal prison in November, investigators said. It did not take long for Jeremy Wilson to return to a life of forging checks and playing confidence tricks after he was released from federal prison in November, investigators said. Court documents and investigators reveal that Jeremy Wilson, who was arrested in New York City for fraudulently leasing an SUV in Boston, has had long history of fraud,  impersonation and forgery; it is unclear whether his real name is Jeremy Wilson, although it is evident he has repeatedly passed himself off as a veteran.

After attacking a nurse and stealing her vehicle, the police say, a man and his teenage companion embarked on a crime spree that spanned multiple police precincts. After attacking a nurse and stealing her vehicle, the police say, a man and his teenage companion embarked on a crime spree that spanned multiple police precincts. Michael Wilson Crime Scene column relates story of 56-year-old Russian nurse from Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, who was carjacked by young couple as she drove home in December 2015; notes Yelena was let go after complaining, and had no idea that carjacker, who was later caught and identified as Stafford Berrian, had long criminal history and would go on to assault and rob several others in Brooklyn on same night.

When devastating losses became too much for Harry Solomon, 70, to bear, his mother’s doctor offered some advice: Get a golden retriever. When devastating losses became too much for Harry Solomon, 70, to bear, his mother’s doctor offered some advice: Get a golden retriever. Metropolitan Council, beneficiary agency of UJA-Federation of New York, one of seven organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, helps Harry Solomon of Brooklyn pay his rent.

Two empty seats reminded lawmakers that last year&#8217;s leaders of the New York State Senate and Assembly had both been convicted on corruption charges. Two empty seats reminded lawmakers that last year&#8217;s leaders of the New York State Senate and Assembly had both been convicted on corruption charges. New York State's 239th legislative session opens with distinct sense that something is different, given absence of former Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver and Republican Senate Majority Leader Dean G Skelos, both convicted on federal corruption charges. 

Robin Lopez scored a season-high 19 points, and Carmelo Anthony had a team-high 25 as the Knicks won their third straight, beating a team that had pounded them in November. Robin Lopez scored a season-high 19 points, and Carmelo Anthony had a team-high 25 as the Knicks won their third straight, beating a team that had pounded them in November. New York Knicks defeat Miami Heat, 98-90.

Brian Fanelli, the former police chief of the town of Mount Pleasant, was sentenced to 18 months in prison for possession of child pornography. Brian Fanelli, the former police chief of the town of Mount Pleasant, was sentenced to 18 months in prison for possession of child pornography. Former Mount Pleasant, NY, Police Chief Brian Fanelli is sentenced to 18 months in prison for possession of child pornography.

A spokesman for the Petroleum Facilities Guards said at least nine guards and 30 militants had been killed. A spokesman for the Petroleum Facilities Guards said at least nine guards and 30 militants had been killed. Libya officials say attacks by Islamic State militants on country's largest oil ports have started fires that have spread to five oil storage tanks.

Mr. Gordon, who was the executive director of the American Guild of Musical Artists, represented singers, dancers and stage managers at major companies. Mr. Gordon, who was the executive director of the American Guild of Musical Artists, represented singers, dancers and stage managers at major companies. Alan S Gordon, executive director of the American Guild of Musical Artists who passionately negotiated on behalf of singers, dancers and stage managers from leading opera and ballet companies across America, dies at age 70. 

The Turkish authorities seized more than 1,200 jackets that would have been sold to migrants and that were made of material that did not float. The Turkish authorities seized more than 1,200 jackets that would have been sold to migrants and that were made of material that did not float. Turkish newspaper Hurriyet reports raid on workshop in Izmir by government authorities, who have seized more than 1,200 life jackets, made of material that would not float, that were intended for sale to migrants.

Droughts and heat waves wiped out nearly a tenth of some cereal crops in countries hit by extreme weather from 1964 to 2007, researchers say. Droughts and heat waves wiped out nearly a tenth of some cereal crops in countries hit by extreme weather from 1964 to 2007, researchers say. Study published in journal Nature measures effect of extreme weather on global agriculture between 1964 and 2007; data will assist in developing strategies for feeding growing world population.

Gregory Fleming could find his skills in demand at BlackRock, American Express or a large United States regional bank. Gregory Fleming could find his skills in demand at BlackRock, American Express or a large United States regional bank. 

Experts said comparisons of underground nuclear tests over the past several decades suggested that the North Koreans were exaggerating. Experts said comparisons of underground nuclear tests over the past several decades suggested that the North Koreans were exaggerating. International military experts refute North Korea's claim to have detonated hydrogen bomb after comparing blast to previous underground nuclear tests.

At times during his years in New York, Mike Piazza was perhaps baseball’s best player; at other times, he struggled to get the ball out of the infield. But in terms of pizazz, he never disappointed. At times during his years in New York, Mike Piazza was perhaps baseball’s best player; at other times, he struggled to get the ball out of the infield. But in terms of pizazz, he never disappointed. David Waldstein On Baseball column holds that former MLB catcher Mike Piazza, who was recently elected into Baseball Hall of Fame, was just as sharp off field as on field; notes that Piazza yearned to be rock star, and would often spin records at radio studio after games.

A woman who died after being forcibly removed from a Blountstown hospital lay in the parking lot beside a police officer’s car for nearly 18 minutes before a doctor readmitted her. A woman who died after being forcibly removed from a Blountstown hospital lay in the parking lot beside a police officer’s car for nearly 18 minutes before a doctor readmitted her. Dashboard camera footage released by Blountstown, Fla, police reveals Barbara Dawson lay in parking lot of Liberty Calhoun Hospital for 18 minutes after local police forcibly removed her from hospital and arrested her on charges of disorderly conduct and trespassing; Dawson later died; lawyers on behalf of family say video supports their claim of negligence by local police and hospital. 

Ken Griffey Jr. set a Baseball Hall of Fame voting record, at 99.3 percent, but for various reasons, the writers with ballots have shunned unanimity with vigor. Ken Griffey Jr. set a Baseball Hall of Fame voting record, at 99.3 percent, but for various reasons, the writers with ballots have shunned unanimity with vigor. Outfielder Ken Griffey Jr is named on 437 of 440 Baseball Hall of Fame ballots, eclipsing pitcher Tom Seaver's record for highest voting percentage in election.

The global Brent oil benchmark price fell to below $35 a barrel, the lowest level since the depths of the 2008-9 economic downturn, helping to push stock markets lower. The global Brent oil benchmark price fell to below $35 a barrel, the lowest level since the depths of the 2008-9 economic downturn, helping to push stock markets lower. Oil prices plummet again by more than 5 percent as global stockpiles grow; benchmark price has fallen below $35 a barrel.  

Popular opinion in the kingdom appears to show a wave of approval for the death sentences being carried out, and accusations of hypocrisy at the way the events have been portrayed in the West. Popular opinion in the kingdom appears to show a wave of approval for the death sentences being carried out, and accusations of hypocrisy at the way the events have been portrayed in the West. Many Saudis fully support government's execution of Shiite dissident Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, with some even going so far as to say action allows Saudi Arabia to assume mantle of mainstream Sunni resistance in face of Islamic State group's influence; many observers have noted that Saudi government would have faced far more domestic popular anger if it spared Sheikh Nimr, as 43 Sunnis accused of terrorism were executed on same day.

James F. Tracy suggested that the 2012 massacre of children at Sandy Hook Elementary and other mass shootings were a hoax designed by the Obama administration. James F. Tracy suggested that the 2012 massacre of children at Sandy Hook Elementary and other mass shootings were a hoax designed by the Obama administration. James F Tracy, Florida Atlantic University professor who has espoused conspiracy theories about Obama administration, is fired from his job; Tracy has put forth claims that mass shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary in Connecticut and elsewhere were hoaxes staged by government.

General Motors and several other car companies are focusing on electric vehicles at the International CES consumer trade show in Las Vegas. General Motors and several other car companies are focusing on electric vehicles at the International CES consumer trade show in Las Vegas. Several car companies focus on electric vehicles at International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas; General Motors introduces production model of its Chevrolet Bolt.

The venture capital firm, co-founded by the Silicon Valley financier Peter Thiel, joined several other investors in raising $52 million for the financial technology company. The venture capital firm, co-founded by the Silicon Valley financier Peter Thiel, joined several other investors in raising $52 million for the financial technology company. 

The Defense Department is scheduled to announce awards to honor drone operators and those who launch cyberattacks similar to those given to pilots. The Defense Department is scheduled to announce awards to honor drone operators and those who launch cyberattacks similar to those given to pilots. Defense Dept will announce creation of military honors designation to honor combatants who operate remotely, including drone operators and those who launch cyberattacks.

Legal experts said they were unaware of any Maryland case in which a criminal co-defendant had been forced to testify before his own trial, and the judge who issued the order seemed to agree. Legal experts said they were unaware of any Maryland case in which a criminal co-defendant had been forced to testify before his own trial, and the judge who issued the order seemed to agree. Judge Barry G Williams rules Baltimore Police Officer William G Porter, whose trial for his role in 2015 death of Freddie Gray ended with deadlocked jury, must testify in trials of fellow Officers Caesar R Goodson Jr and Alicia D White; legal experts say testimony would be first time in Maryland criminal co-defendant has testified while awaiting his own re-trial; lawyers for Williams say they will appeal.

The critics of The New York Times offer a guide to Mr. Boulez’s artistry as a composer and conductor. The critics of The New York Times offer a guide to Mr. Boulez’s artistry as a composer and conductor. 

Day is coming off a monster year — five victories, including his first major win — that gave him a brief spell at No. 1. His goal for 2016 is more of the same. Day is coming off a monster year — five victories, including his first major win — that gave him a brief spell at No. 1. His goal for 2016 is more of the same. 

Payton, a former Giants assistant who had seemed a potential candidate to replace Tom Coughlin as their coach, said he would stay with the Saints “as long as they’ll have me.” Payton, a former Giants assistant who had seemed a potential candidate to replace Tom Coughlin as their coach, said he would stay with the Saints “as long as they’ll have me.” NFL Roundup; New Orleans Saints coach Sean Payton intends on staying with Saints, taking him off New York Giants list of possible coaches to replace Tom Coughlin; other football news noted.

The lawmakers swore in three three legislators who were blocked from taking their seats by the court last month. The lawmakers swore in three three legislators who were blocked from taking their seats by the court last month. Venezuelan lawmakers swear in three legislators who had been prevented from taking their seats by Supreme Court in December 2015, setting up confrontation with president's Socialist party.

The armed takeover of federal buildings by a self-styled militia is illegal and dangerous, and it displays a misreading of history. The armed takeover of federal buildings by a self-styled militia is illegal and dangerous, and it displays a misreading of history. Editorial denounces anti-government militia's rationale for armed occupation of Oregon's Malheur National Wildlife Refuge; asserts group misunderstands both Second Amendment and history of  federal land use policies in American West; argues in democracy, resorting to threat of armed insurrection makes adjudicating any grievances against government impossible.

State agencies and Social Security will disclose to the F.B.I. &#8220;protected health information&#8221; including those who are dangers to themselves or who cannot manage their own affairs. State agencies and Social Security will disclose to the F.B.I. &#8220;protected health information&#8221; including those who are dangers to themselves or who cannot manage their own affairs. Pres Obama's gun control plan will allow state agencies and Social Security Administration to provide some protected mental health information to FBI in order to prevent those posing danger to themselves and others from obtaining guns; measure, coming in response to Republican pressure, draws complaints that it unfairly targets those with mental health issues as source of gun violence.

Los Angeles County prosecutors cited the statute of limitations and insufficient evidence in saying no charges would be filed in two cases. Los Angeles County prosecutors cited the statute of limitations and insufficient evidence in saying no charges would be filed in two cases. Los Angeles County District Atty's Office declines to pursue sexual assault charges against Bill Cosby, saying criminal charges are blocked by statute of limitations or lack sufficient evidence.

The retailer said it would eliminate about 3 percent of its work force in a major restructuring drive. The retailer said it would eliminate about 3 percent of its work force in a major restructuring drive. Macy's says it will eliminate about 4,500 jobs, or about 3 percent of its work force, in big restructuring move; says poor holiday season sales hurt profits.

SeaWorld and California regulators have agreed on a settlement over accusations that the park failed to train workers to safely interact with its killer whales. SeaWorld and California regulators have agreed on a settlement over accusations that the park failed to train workers to safely interact with its killer whales. 

The stock prices of Smith & Wesson and Sturm, Ruger have each risen more than shares of Apple since 2009, driven by surging sales linked to fears of regulation. The stock prices of Smith & Wesson and Sturm, Ruger have each risen more than shares of Apple since 2009, driven by surging sales linked to fears of regulation. Investment firms that bet heavily on shares of leading gun manufacturers Smith & Wesson and Sturm, Ruger & Co have seen those bets pay off, as gun sales have spiked after Paris and San Bernardino, Calif, terrorist attacks, and in wake of Pres Obama's announcement of measures to stop gun violence; while some investors merely missed opportunity, others have intentionally avoided such stocks, considering them taboo.

Colm Kelleher has spent much of his career at the firm moving up the ranks through its trading and capital markets operations. Colm Kelleher has spent much of his career at the firm moving up the ranks through its trading and capital markets operations. 

Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said the plan would be part of a series of projects including new air and rail terminals that he called “the biggest construction program in our state’s history.” Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said the plan would be part of a series of projects including new air and rail terminals that he called “the biggest construction program in our state’s history.” New York Gov Andrew M Cuomo details plans for renovation of Pennsylvania Station in Manhattan, along with construction of adjunct train and retail hub across street, during press conference at Madison Square Garden; plans are one component of package of plans for improving infrastructure across state. 

The transfer of the two Yemenis represented the first time that lower-level detainees had been resettled in sub-Saharan Africa. The transfer of the two Yemenis represented the first time that lower-level detainees had been resettled in sub-Saharan Africa. United States transfers two Yemeni men detained at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, for nearly 14 years to Ghana, beginning wave of 17 transfers expected to take place in early 2016.

Mr. Munoz has been on medical leave since Oct. 19. The company expects him to return in several months. Mr. Munoz has been on medical leave since Oct. 19. The company expects him to return in several months. United Airlines says president and chief executive Oscar Munoz had heart transplant surgery.

Resolution of a five-year impasse over the International Monetary Fund and other moves in 2015 eased concerns about America’s global economic role. Resolution of a five-year impasse over the International Monetary Fund and other moves in 2015 eased concerns about America’s global economic role. News Analysis; Congressional overhaul of International Monetary Fund, ending five-year impasse, may give United States vital lift in its global economic leadership role; US growth is seen as buoying world.

Mobile diary-writers can get reminders and other tools to create entries and enhance them with information; some apps allow sharing over social media. Mobile diary-writers can get reminders and other tools to create entries and enhance them with information; some apps allow sharing over social media. Kit Eaton App Smart column highlights  journal- and diary-writing apps.

The action will be taken through a provision of the North American Free Trade Agreement, the company said. The action will be taken through a provision of the North American Free Trade Agreement, the company said. TransCanada says it will pursue $15 billion in damages over Obama administration's decision to cancel company's $8 billion Keystone XL pipeline project.

A Washington lawyer’s civil rights complaint against the free messaging app that’s all the rage on campuses nationwide could spell trouble. A Washington lawyer’s civil rights complaint against the free messaging app that’s all the rage on campuses nationwide could spell trouble. 

Griffey, who received a record 99.3 percent of the vote, would be the first player with a Mariners cap on his plaque. Piazza, who got in on his fourth try, is likely to represent the Mets. Griffey, who received a record 99.3 percent of the vote, would be the first player with a Mariners cap on his plaque. Piazza, who got in on his fourth try, is likely to represent the Mets. Former Major League Baseball outfielder Ken Griffey Jr and catcher Mike Piazza--two of most prolific sluggers of 1990s--are elected into Baseball Hall of Fame.

The House voted for the 62nd time to repeal the Affordable Care Act, in effect forcing a rare veto from the president to protect his signature domestic achievement. The House voted for the 62nd time to repeal the Affordable Care Act, in effect forcing a rare veto from the president to protect his signature domestic achievement. House votes to repeal Affordable Care Act, marking 62nd such vote but first to reach Pres Obama's desk; vote, which will force Obama to veto measure, demonstrates ability of Congressional Republicans to override united Democratic front, force that could prove crucial if next president is Republican.

This new reality series follows several music-world figures and their children. This new reality series follows several music-world figures and their children. Jon Caramanica reviews WE tv reality series Growing Up Hip Hop.

Coca-Cola deleted a map of Russia from the web after managing to anger both Russians and Ukrainians by first excluding and then including Crimea. Coca-Cola deleted a map of Russia from the web after managing to anger both Russians and Ukrainians by first excluding and then including Crimea. 

Daniil Simkin, a principal for American Ballet Theater, recruits some company colleagues and others for works by the likes of Jorma Elo and Annabelle Lopez Ochoa. Daniil Simkin, a principal for American Ballet Theater, recruits some company colleagues and others for works by the likes of Jorma Elo and Annabelle Lopez Ochoa. Brian Seibert reviews dance program Intensio created by and starring Daniil Simkin at Joyce Theater. 

Gov. Jerry Brown, who is ordering California agencies to move quickly to resolve the long-running issue, has drawn criticism for not responding faster. Gov. Jerry Brown, who is ordering California agencies to move quickly to resolve the long-running issue, has drawn criticism for not responding faster. California Gov Jerry Brown declares state of emergency in Porter Ranch neighborhood of Los Angeles, where natural gas well owned by Southern California Gas Comapny has been leaking toxic fumes into air since late October, sickening residents and prompting evacuations; emergency declaration comes in response to prolonged nature of leak; residents express frustration over delays.

Mr. Boulez — Leonard Bernstein’s successor at the Philharmonic, who died on Tuesday at 90 — championed contemporary music. Mr. Boulez — Leonard Bernstein’s successor at the Philharmonic, who died on Tuesday at 90 — championed contemporary music. Anthony Tommasini An Appraisal column applauds former New York Philharmonic music director Pierre Boulez, who has died at age 90; recalls his brilliant pairings of classical and contemporary compositions in orchestral concerts. 

The streaming service, which goes live on Thursday, features both older shows, including “Saturday Night Live,” and new, original comedy series. The streaming service, which goes live on Thursday, features both older shows, including “Saturday Night Live,” and new, original comedy series. Neil Genzlinger Critic's Notebook contends Seeso, NBC’s subscription streaming service specializing in comedy, offers classic television comedies but mediocre original programming. 

Works by one medieval composer and one Pulitzer Prize-winning Post-Minimalist met as part of Trinity Wall Street’s Twelfth Night Festival. Works by one medieval composer and one Pulitzer Prize-winning Post-Minimalist met as part of Trinity Wall Street’s Twelfth Night Festival. Corinna da Fonseca-Wollheim reviews concert by vocal group Lorelei and Choir of Trinity Wall Street at Trinity Church as part of Twelfth Night Festival. 

In a filing in federal bankrupcty court, the New York State Attorney General’s office raises several questions about a proposed reorganization of the defunct opera company. In a filing in federal bankrupcty court, the New York State Attorney General’s office raises several questions about a proposed reorganization of the defunct opera company. New York State Attorney General challenges plan by NYCO Renaissance to revive defunct New York City Opera; objects to proposed $300,000 settlement for rival group to withdraw its bid for opera and questions whether reorganized company could be financially viable. 

Ms. Lynch and Maggie Lawson as Amy and Allison are an id-and-superego pairing whose roots stretch back as far as Rhoda and Mary on “The Mary Tyler Moore Show.” Ms. Lynch and Maggie Lawson as Amy and Allison are an id-and-superego pairing whose roots stretch back as far as Rhoda and Mary on “The Mary Tyler Moore Show.” Mike Hale reviews CBC sitcom Angel From Hell starring Jane Lynch and Maggie Lawson. 

As companies like General Electric and Hasbro experiment with seeking ideas and funding from the masses, Indiegogo has started offering them consulting services. As companies like General Electric and Hasbro experiment with seeking ideas and funding from the masses, Indiegogo has started offering them consulting services. Increasing number of big companies like General Electric are trying crowdfunding programs to help market their brands; fund-raising site Indiegogo unveils 'enterprise crowdfunding.'

The manufacturer of handcrafted American-made watches, bicycles and leather goods has begun an aggressive expansion beyond its home base. The manufacturer of handcrafted American-made watches, bicycles and leather goods has begun an aggressive expansion beyond its home base. Watch, bicycle and leather goods company Shinola has become symbol of Detroit's resurgence, creating new manufacturing jobs and helping to revitalize rundown neighborhood, but some question authenticity of company founded and run by out-of-town investors. 

Every year, amid the carnival of firings on the Monday after the N.F.L.’s regular-season finale, the team owners often escape responsibility for failure. Every year, amid the carnival of firings on the Monday after the N.F.L.’s regular-season finale, the team owners often escape responsibility for failure. William C Rhoden Sports of The Times column observes that NFL owners often escape responsibility for team's failure by making coaching changes after season ends.

A Texas grand jury indicted Trooper Brian Encinia, who arrested Sandra Bland, the Chicago-area woman who days later was found dead in her jail cell. A Texas grand jury indicted Trooper Brian Encinia, who arrested Sandra Bland, the Chicago-area woman who days later was found dead in her jail cell. Brian T Encinia, Texas state trooper who arrested Sandra Bland, black woman later found dead in prison cell, is indicted on charges of perjury; charge stems from affidavit filed by Encinia claiming he removed Bland from her car to conduct traffic investigation more safely, statement grand jury found false.

Ms. Platten’s debut major label album reveals that hiding under all that earnest intention, there’s a savvy pop star itching to be heard. Ms. Platten’s debut major label album reveals that hiding under all that earnest intention, there’s a savvy pop star itching to be heard. Jon Caramanica reviews album Wildfire by pop singer Rachel Platten. 

Members of the Burns Paiute Tribe said that if anyone should get the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge property back, it should be them. Members of the Burns Paiute Tribe said that if anyone should get the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge property back, it should be them. Overflowing community meeting in Burns, Ore, focuses on town's governance and values in light of armed takeover of government buildings at Malheur National Wildlife Refuge; protests prompt discussion of role of government in society and mixed feelings toward occupiers; Burns Paiute Indian tribe also asserts right to land.

Colm Kelleher has been named president and will run the wealth management business that Mr. Fleming led. Colm Kelleher has been named president and will run the wealth management business that Mr. Fleming led. Executive shuffle at Morgan Stanley results in departure of Gregory J Fleming; chief executive James P Gorman names Colm Kelleher to number two position at firm.

The album, which features a quartet led by the saxophonist Donny McCaslin, was released on Mr. Bowie’s 69th birthday. The album, which features a quartet led by the saxophonist Donny McCaslin, was released on Mr. Bowie’s 69th birthday. Jon Pareles reviews jazz album Blackstar by David Bowie. 

A capsule collection by the Hill-Side at CB2, big discounts on fall collections, and more. A capsule collection by the Hill-Side at CB2, big discounts on fall collections, and more. 

The treatment was at one point the top experimental therapy recommended by the World Health Organization for testing during the Ebola outbreak in West Africa. The treatment was at one point the top experimental therapy recommended by the World Health Organization for testing during the Ebola outbreak in West Africa. Study in New England Journal of Medicine finds experimental treatment for Ebola patients in Guinea involving transfusion of blood plasma containing disease's antibodies was ineffective; paper in same issue asserts doctors had some success with alternative malaria treatment among Ebola patients in Liberia; experts suggest both approaches would benefit from more testing.

Though none of the rumors appeared to be true, immigrants who are undocumented and even those who have legal status have stayed home from work and school. Though none of the rumors appeared to be true, immigrants who are undocumented and even those who have legal status have stayed home from work and school. Undocumented immigrants across New York metropolitan area have been spooked due to unfounded rumors that Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials have conducted raids and deporting families; many immigrants, including some legal immigrants, did not go to work and kept their children home from school due to fears.

The rumors of debauchery were started by disgruntled female officers who had not been invited to a party with soldiers at the station, officials said. The rumors of debauchery were started by disgruntled female officers who had not been invited to a party with soldiers at the station, officials said. Brussels police say investigation has found no credibility in reports of orgy involving two female officers and group of Belgian soldiers on night when city was on high alert for terrorist attack. 

The bank falsely stated on one of its websites that its private bank advisers were paid based on their performance for clients, regulators said. The bank falsely stated on one of its websites that its private bank advisers were paid based on their performance for clients, regulators said. 

Chief Justice Roy S. Moore cited a pending State Supreme Court case in issuing an edict that goes against the United States Supreme Court’s decision. Chief Justice Roy S. Moore cited a pending State Supreme Court case in issuing an edict that goes against the United States Supreme Court’s decision. Alabama Supreme Court Justice Roy S Moore orders probate judges not to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples, citing State Supreme Court decision upholding state's marriage prohibitions and conflicting with United States Supreme Court ruling; instruction marks second time Moore has used administrative order to block same-sex marriage.

Federal legislation signed last month raised the amount mass transit riders can set aside pretax; it now equals the amount allowed for parking costs. Federal legislation signed last month raised the amount mass transit riders can set aside pretax; it now equals the amount allowed for parking costs. 

Readers discuss how to reduce the number of suspects killed by the police. Readers discuss how to reduce the number of suspects killed by the police. 

The move reflects the Obama administration’s pivot to fighting abroad with American Special Operations troops. The move reflects the Obama administration’s pivot to fighting abroad with American Special Operations troops. 

The private evangelical college has said her statements are inconsistent with its religious doctrines. The private evangelical college has said her statements are inconsistent with its religious doctrines. 

Demand for the gills, which researchers say were never used in traditional medicine and may actually do harm, has led to overfishing and spurred a conservation campaign. Demand for the gills, which researchers say were never used in traditional medicine and may actually do harm, has led to overfishing and spurred a conservation campaign. China's lucrative manta ray gill trade, for which vendors claim medicinal properties, has come under fire from wildlife conservationists who argue dubious remedy endangers not just manta ray population but consumers given toxic substances found in gills; campaign to end sale of manta ray gills has found both grassroots support and government backing. 

The payrolls processor ADP said private sector employment rose by 257,000 last month, the largest gain since December 2014. The payrolls processor ADP said private sector employment rose by 257,000 last month, the largest gain since December 2014. Payrolls processor ADP reports private sector employment rose by 257,000 in December 2015, suggesting underlying strength in economy despite signs of slowed growth in fourth quarter.

Frank Darabont, the original show runner of the hit AMC series “The Walking Dead,” has painted an unflattering depiction of that network’s executives. Frank Darabont, the original show runner of the hit AMC series “The Walking Dead,” has painted an unflattering depiction of that network’s executives. 

Gordon unexpectedly re-signed with Kansas City for $68 million, with a $23 million mutual option for a fifth year or a $4 million buyout. Gordon unexpectedly re-signed with Kansas City for $68 million, with a $23 million mutual option for a fifth year or a $4 million buyout. Kansas City Royals re-sign outfielder Alex Gordon to four year, $68 million contract.

The popular social-networking app will live-stream J.W. Anderson’s men’s wear collection in London. The popular social-networking app will live-stream J.W. Anderson’s men’s wear collection in London. Grindr, social-networking app aimed at gay men, will live stream fall 2016 J W Anderson men's wear show at London's biannual men’s fashion week.

Another year of growth is expected in investments in private equity, debt, real estate, infrastructure and natural resources funds. Another year of growth is expected in investments in private equity, debt, real estate, infrastructure and natural resources funds. 

The New York State correctional officers union takes issue with an editorial’s portrayal of its workforce. The New York State correctional officers union takes issue with an editorial’s portrayal of its workforce. 

As president and chairman, Mr. Baldwin expanded the investment bank into a full-service financial brokerage and changed its long-entrenched culture. As president and chairman, Mr. Baldwin expanded the investment bank into a full-service financial brokerage and changed its long-entrenched culture. Robert H B Baldwin, former president of Morgan Stanley from 1973 to 1982 who led transition from staid investment bank to modern financial corporation, dies at age 95. 

Netflix has gone live in nearly every country in the world, rapidly accelerating its plan to be fully global by the end of this year. China is a major exception. Netflix has gone live in nearly every country in the world, rapidly accelerating its plan to be fully global by the end of this year. China is a major exception. Netflix goes live with its streaming television service in 130 more countries, for total of 190 worldwide, in line with its aggressive expansion; one major exception is China, which boasts 25 percent of world's broadband households.

A reader urges Americans to open our borders, and our hearts, to “help to heal our fractured relations with the Muslim world.” A reader urges Americans to open our borders, and our hearts, to “help to heal our fractured relations with the Muslim world.” 

A professor says Latinos are focused on many issues, not just immigration, and use their political power in many ways, not just at the ballot box. A professor says Latinos are focused on many issues, not just immigration, and use their political power in many ways, not just at the ballot box. 

A reader praises President Obama’s plan as “heartful, humble and heroic,” but also worries that it might be hopeless. A reader praises President Obama’s plan as “heartful, humble and heroic,” but also worries that it might be hopeless. 

The photographer Norbert Schoerner and the art director Steve Nakamura explore the boundaries between the real and artificial. The photographer Norbert Schoerner and the art director Steve Nakamura explore the boundaries between the real and artificial. 

“Raising the ceiling on wages subject to Social Security deductions is long overdue,” a reader writes. “Raising the ceiling on wages subject to Social Security deductions is long overdue,” a reader writes. 

As they moved to raise interest rates in December, some Federal Reserve officials were cautious in their assumptions about the months ahead. As they moved to raise interest rates in December, some Federal Reserve officials were cautious in their assumptions about the months ahead. Minutes of Federal Reserve's December meeting indicate worries about vigor of economic recovery could slow advance toward higher interest rates; differences in timing and frequency of rate increases exist.

Trial is set for Feb. 23 for Mr. Marquez, who is accused of supplying weapons to the couple, Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik, who killed 14 people in San Bernardino. Trial is set for Feb. 23 for Mr. Marquez, who is accused of supplying weapons to the couple, Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik, who killed 14 people in San Bernardino. Enrique Marquez of California pleads not guilty to charges he supplied Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik with the two assault weapons they used to kill 14 people in San Bernardino, California shooting; Marquez's trial is set for late February. 

The funding would pay for upgrades in upstate New York as part of an effort to invest in the region, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said Wednesday. The funding would pay for upgrades in upstate New York as part of an effort to invest in the region, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said Wednesday. 

Mr. Kaplan, the founder of Institutional Investor magazine, turned his obsession with Mahler’s Second Symphony into a vocation, leading international orchestras in its performance. Mr. Kaplan, the founder of Institutional Investor magazine, turned his obsession with Mahler’s Second Symphony into a vocation, leading international orchestras in its performance. Gilbert E Kaplan, founder and chief executive of financial magazine Institutional Investor who became unlikely international symphony conductor who specialized in one piece, Mahler’s Second Symphony, dies at age 74. 

This memoir tells how he adjusted his attitude and life before dying of cancer at 37. This memoir tells how he adjusted his attitude and life before dying of cancer at 37. Janet Maslin reviews book When Breath Becomes Air by Paul Kalanithi. 

JPMorgan Chase’s policy of canceling bonuses if a group’s long-term returns aren’t met could make pay more defensible. JPMorgan Chase’s policy of canceling bonuses if a group’s long-term returns aren’t met could make pay more defensible. 

In his view, critiques of Quentin Tarantino’s script are unfair: “It’s coming out of characters’ mouths from an honest place.” In his view, critiques of Quentin Tarantino’s script are unfair: “It’s coming out of characters’ mouths from an honest place.” Samuel L Jackson, star of Quentin Tarantino film The Hateful Eight, defends director's repeated use of racial epithet as historically accurate for post-Civil War setting; history and language experts weigh in.

Whether it is Donald J. Trump’s amused looks or Hillary Clinton’s shoulder brush, animated GIFs are offering a new way for candidates to connect with voters. Whether it is Donald J. Trump’s amused looks or Hillary Clinton’s shoulder brush, animated GIFs are offering a new way for candidates to connect with voters. Nick Bilton Disruptions column submits animated GIF is technology that could alter course of presidential race; notes GIF of Donald J Trump making exaggerated faces has been widely shared on social media.

The makeup giant’s latest product is not a lipstick or an eyeshadow, but a stretchable electronic you apply to your skin to measure UV exposure. The makeup giant’s latest product is not a lipstick or an eyeshadow, but a stretchable electronic you apply to your skin to measure UV exposure. 

Disc sales dropped 12 percent last year, the Digital Entertainment Group reported, but streaming was up almost 25 percent. Disc sales dropped 12 percent last year, the Digital Entertainment Group reported, but streaming was up almost 25 percent. 

The offer appeared to reflect fears in Iraq that the conflict between Saudi Arabia and Iran could aggravate sectarian tensions and hurt the campaign against ISIS. The offer appeared to reflect fears in Iraq that the conflict between Saudi Arabia and Iran could aggravate sectarian tensions and hurt the campaign against ISIS. Iraq foreign minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari offers to mediate conflict between Saudi Arabia and Iran stemming from Sunni-majority kingdom's execution of dissident Shiite cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr; fears heightening sectarian tensions in region could disrupt necessary cooperation between Iraq's Sunnis and Shiites in fight against Islamic State.

Amid the uproar over a plan for 10,000-character tweets, users press for the ability to fix their typos. Amid the uproar over a plan for 10,000-character tweets, users press for the ability to fix their typos. 

Two workers have been arrested, but the police would not say if they were suspects in the murder of Mrs. Colley, 83, who was found bludgeoned to death in her home in Westchester County. Two workers have been arrested, but the police would not say if they were suspects in the murder of Mrs. Colley, 83, who was found bludgeoned to death in her home in Westchester County. New York State investigators say they have arrested Angel H Parra Penafiel and Hugo Ramirez-Morales, workers on estate of murdered Westchester County socialite Lois Colley, for allegedly stealing around $30,000 of hay; say, however, men are not linked to Colley's  murder in North Salem.

Much as he has done in the debates, Mr. Christie tries in his new ad to draw a contrast not with his Republican presidential rivals, but with Hillary Clinton. Much as he has done in the debates, Mr. Christie tries in his new ad to draw a contrast not with his Republican presidential rivals, but with Hillary Clinton. 

The detonation that rocked Northeast Asia is a reminder that North Korea was on an atomic spending spree while U.S. negotiators focused on Iran. The detonation that rocked Northeast Asia is a reminder that North Korea was on an atomic spending spree while U.S. negotiators focused on Iran. News Analysis; North Korea's recent nuclear test underscores Obama administration's lack of genuinely effective strategy for preventing Pyongyang from growing its arsenal; experts call for the kind of creative diplomacy which resulted in Iran nuclear accord.

A win in this category, or even a nomination, can turn the spotlight on an injustice or a problem and inspire action. A win in this category, or even a nomination, can turn the spotlight on an injustice or a problem and inspire action. Cara Buckley The Carpetbagger column concludes Academy Awards rules changes have led to shift in documentary category with films about show business taking top prize over ones that address more important issues.

With a 10-0 run, Kansas City became the first team to start 1-5 but make the playoffs since the 1970 Bengals, but the Chiefs have not won a playoff game since 1993. With a 10-0 run, Kansas City became the first team to start 1-5 but make the playoffs since the 1970 Bengals, but the Chiefs have not won a playoff game since 1993. Playoff-bound Kansas City Chiefs have best chance to make Super Bowl, with 10 wins in row.

The action in California is the latest setback for the restaurant chain, which said it expected a drop of 14.6 percent in same-store sales for its fourth quarter. The action in California is the latest setback for the restaurant chain, which said it expected a drop of 14.6 percent in same-store sales for its fourth quarter. Chipotle Mexican Grill discloses that it has been served federal grand jury subpoena as part of criminal investigation seeking information about norovirus outbreak at California restaurant; it closed some restaurants in other states over E Coli contamination.

Will President Hollande’s plan to strip citizenship from terrorists with dual nationality destroy his country’s founding principles? Will President Hollande’s plan to strip citizenship from terrorists with dual nationality destroy his country’s founding principles? 

In Douglasville, Ga., and other cities, seminars instructing residents to stay alert, and to attack the attacker if necessary, have become increasingly common. In Douglasville, Ga., and other cities, seminars instructing residents to stay alert, and to attack the attacker if necessary, have become increasingly common. Douglasville, Ga, Police Dept is offering town residents instruction on how to survive mass-shooting event; class encourages vigilance and outlines run, hide or fight options; mounting local and national gun ownership, along with growing anxiety over these types of shootings, prompted class.

The agency plans to expand the role of tax preparers and reduce telephone interaction with taxpayers, she said. The agency plans to expand the role of tax preparers and reduce telephone interaction with taxpayers, she said. Internal Revenue Service plans to rely more on technology and tax preparers, but only taxpayers who pay for personalized service will receive it.

A nuclear test by North Korea unnerved investors, and reports about China’s economy added to concerns that it was slowing. A nuclear test by North Korea unnerved investors, and reports about China’s economy added to concerns that it was slowing. 

The key role of party elites has evolved but has not fundamentally changed, an author of “The Party Decides” says. The key role of party elites has evolved but has not fundamentally changed, an author of “The Party Decides” says. 

William Caruth, 61, was arrested on Wednesday hours after the body of his 39-year-old daughter, Andrea Caruth, 39, was found in a hole beneath the basement of her home in the Bronx. William Caruth, 61, was arrested on Wednesday hours after the body of his 39-year-old daughter, Andrea Caruth, 39, was found in a hole beneath the basement of her home in the Bronx. New York City police say they found body of five-months-pregnant Andrea Caruth in basement of her home in Bronx, two days after her boyfriend reported her missing; Caruth's father William is arrested and charged with murder and manslaughter.

After a catastrophic flood in 1993, the residents of Valmeyer, Ill., picked up their town and moved to a bluff a mile and a half away. But they miss the old town on the Mississippi River. After a catastrophic flood in 1993, the residents of Valmeyer, Ill., picked up their town and moved to a bluff a mile and a half away. But they miss the old town on the Mississippi River. Residents of Valmeyer, Ill, who moved town en masse in 1993 following devastating Great Flood of Mississippi River to location over a mile east, say they are homesick for old town, which they still call Old Valmeyer; residents have avoided December 2015 flooding that has destroyed other cities along river, bringing back surge of bad memories. 

After a flood in 1993 destroyed much of Valmeyer, Ill., its residents decided to leave it behind and move the town elsewhere. After a flood in 1993 destroyed much of Valmeyer, Ill., its residents decided to leave it behind and move the town elsewhere. 

Have the websites you want to see first loaded, each in its own tab, when you fire up Microsoft’s newest browser. Have the websites you want to see first loaded, each in its own tab, when you fire up Microsoft’s newest browser. 

A special issue of the newspaper is on sale in France during a week of events paying tribute to the 17 people who were killed one year ago. A special issue of the newspaper is on sale in France during a week of events paying tribute to the 17 people who were killed one year ago. French satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo prints special commemorative issue for first anniversary of terrorist attacks on its office that killed 17 people; demand is not as brisk as it was for issue published immediately after attack; some continue to call for investigation into handling of security threats against newspaper before attacks.

Fewer than 200 people live in the Chilean outpost, which was founded in 1984, when Chile was seeking to bolster its claims in Antarctica. Fewer than 200 people live in the Chilean outpost, which was founded in 1984, when Chile was seeking to bolster its claims in Antarctica. Villa Las Estrellas Journal; Chilean village located in Antarctica is rare civilian settlement on continent where most nations send only researchers; outpost was founded as part of territorial rivalry with neighboring Argentina; residents of Villa Las Estrellas relish novelty of region's culture, climate and geography.

Robert Ingram was also named interim chairman as J. Michael Pearson, the leader of the embattled company, remains hospitalized with severe pneumonia. Robert Ingram was also named interim chairman as J. Michael Pearson, the leader of the embattled company, remains hospitalized with severe pneumonia. Valeant Pharmaceuticals names Howard B Schiller as interim chief executive as its leader J Michael Pearson recovers from pneumonia; names Robert Ingram as interim chairman.

In a letter to the company’s board, the activist investor also hinted that it might seek to run its own slate of directors. In a letter to the company’s board, the activist investor also hinted that it might seek to run its own slate of directors. Hedge fund Starboard Value, which has long scored Yahoo's management, calls for changes to board and leadership to accompany strategy shift; says otherwise it may attempt to run its own slate of directors.

North Korea’s announcement that it had completed a test of the weapon infuriated China, which had recently sought to forge closer ties with its reclusive neighbor. North Korea’s announcement that it had completed a test of the weapon infuriated China, which had recently sought to forge closer ties with its reclusive neighbor. North Korea's decision to test nuclear bomb was also decision to gamble on possibility that China would not react with severe sanctions; test is setback for Chinese Pres Xi Jinping, who had sought to forge closer ties with North in effort to increase stability in country.

Mr. Corbyn’s reshuffling produced only minor changes after two days of internal argument, as he held off on a major purge of internal dissenters. Mr. Corbyn’s reshuffling produced only minor changes after two days of internal argument, as he held off on a major purge of internal dissenters. 

A closer read of the country’s announcement on Wednesday, whether it can be verified and its previous detonations. A closer read of the country’s announcement on Wednesday, whether it can be verified and its previous detonations. 

Mr. Boulez belonged to an extraordinary generation of European composers who, while in their 20s, came to the forefront during the decade or so after World War II. Mr. Boulez belonged to an extraordinary generation of European composers who, while in their 20s, came to the forefront during the decade or so after World War II. Pierre Boulez, illustrious French composer and conductor emeritus of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra whose dynamic ambition helped modernize classical music in the 20th century, dies at age 90; is lauded for composing celebrated piece Marteau Sans Maitre, and juggled positions as music director of New York Philharmonic and the BBC Symphony Orchestra, among other positions. 

The White House press secretary and South Korean analysts say that the estimated yield, or energy, from the explosion appeared to be too small for a hydrogen bomb. The White House press secretary and South Korean analysts say that the estimated yield, or energy, from the explosion appeared to be too small for a hydrogen bomb. United Nations Security Council condemns North Korea for conducting nuclear test, yet China, which is North's most powerful backer, gives no indication that it will support stronger sanctions; United States officials raise doubts about whether test was actually of hydrogen bomb.

In her photos and her life, Genevieve Gaignard pushes against society’s beauty norms. In her photos and her life, Genevieve Gaignard pushes against society’s beauty norms. Profile of photographer, collagist and installation artist Genevieve Gaignard, who takes pictures of herself dressed as different alter egos and builds spaces they inhabit; self-portraits reflect her mixed-race background.

The Texas senator’s campaign is building on an energized, growing coalition and a splintered opposition. Still, there’s the Trump factor to be considered. The Texas senator’s campaign is building on an energized, growing coalition and a splintered opposition. Still, there’s the Trump factor to be considered. Senator Ted Cruz has clearly become Republican candidate to beat in Iowa caucuses as many Republicans in state believe he will win barring some unexpected turn of events; Cruz has benefited from highly motivated coalition of Christian activists and anti-establishment Republicans, as well as fragmented opposition to his candidacy.

The United Nations’ temporary North Lawn Building will be demolished after six years as renovations of the main headquarters are completed. The United Nations’ temporary North Lawn Building will be demolished after six years as renovations of the main headquarters are completed. David W Dunlap Building Blocks column; six-year-old $140 million North Lawn Building along East River between 46th and 47th Streets will be dismantled by winning bidder Gramercy Group and replaced by open space and restoration of North Lawn itself; building was erected to house critical United Nations operations while its headquarters was undergoing renovations.

The 17-year-old’s appearance in a new ad campaign is writing yet another chapter in gender fluidity. The 17-year-old’s appearance in a new ad campaign is writing yet another chapter in gender fluidity. Louis Vuitton artistic director Nicolas Ghesquiere pushes boundaries of fashion with ad campaign featuring male model wearing women's clothes.

A California artist who grew up attending Devils games with his father is producing a sculpture of the team’s longtime goaltender that is to be installed at Prudential Center in February. A California artist who grew up attending Devils games with his father is producing a sculpture of the team’s longtime goaltender that is to be installed at Prudential Center in February. Artist Jon Krawczyk, longtime New Jersey Devils fan, is producing sculpture of team's legendary goaltender Martin Brodeur, now St Louis Blues assistant manager, that will be installed at Newark's  Prudential Center in February.

Plenty of groundbreaking technologies are in the works, but in the meantime, expect to be bombarded with early, clumsy versions of tomorrow’s tech. Plenty of groundbreaking technologies are in the works, but in the meantime, expect to be bombarded with early, clumsy versions of tomorrow’s tech. Farhad Manjoo State of the Art column surveys International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas; finds that most enticing prospects, like those involving artificial intelligence and virtual reality, are not quite ready for production. 

The Hong Kong parent company’s 2014 bid for New World China Land fell through because of a “head-count” rule that can give veto power to holders of a tiny stake. The Hong Kong parent company’s 2014 bid for New World China Land fell through because of a “head-count” rule that can give veto power to holders of a tiny stake. 

Ms. Gaignard takes self-portraits costumed as various alter egos, then builds fictional domestic spaces for them. Ms. Gaignard takes self-portraits costumed as various alter egos, then builds fictional domestic spaces for them. 

No postshow histrionics for this 34-year-old actor after another performance of “A View From the Bridge.” Just a quick bite with his bulldog Rocky, and the subway home. No postshow histrionics for this 34-year-old actor after another performance of “A View From the Bridge.” Just a quick bite with his bulldog Rocky, and the subway home. British actor Russell Tovey, starring in Broadway revival of Arthur Miller play A View From the Bridge, describes his love of American food and art.

Advice for those thinking about buying a 4K television, also called Ultra HD, which has a higher resolution than the current high-definition 1080p TV sets. Advice for those thinking about buying a 4K television, also called Ultra HD, which has a higher resolution than the current high-definition 1080p TV sets. Tech Fix column advises customers to wait at least another year or two before buying new so-called ultra high-definition 4k  television sets; pricey TV sets are star attraction at International Consumer Electronics Show, but there is not much to watch on them.

Guys are welcome at Sania’s Brow Bar in the Flatiron district, which offers a separate, comfortable space for male clients. Guys are welcome at Sania’s Brow Bar in the Flatiron district, which offers a separate, comfortable space for male clients. Sania's Brow Bar, eyebrow-grooming salon in Flatiron district has special section catering to men.

Beauty products promise to be sweatproof (and appropriate) at spin class or on the treadmill. Beauty products promise to be sweatproof (and appropriate) at spin class or on the treadmill. Cosmetics companies are offering water- and sweat-proof makeup to be worn during workouts.

Con la crisis económica de Puerto Rico muchos profesionales jóvenes se han visto obligados a buscar oportunidades en el continente americano. Joseph Rodríguez retrató a los que se han quedado en el país”. Con la crisis económica de Puerto Rico muchos profesionales jóvenes se han visto obligados a buscar oportunidades en el continente americano. Joseph Rodríguez retrató a los que se han quedado en el país”. 

Photos posted this week on @nytimes took followers from the campaign trail in wintry Iowa to a wedding in Xinjiang Province, China. Photos posted this week on @nytimes took followers from the campaign trail in wintry Iowa to a wedding in Xinjiang Province, China. 

 Ted Cruz was asked if he could support abortions in cases of rape, setting off a few murmurs in the crowded room. Ted Cruz was asked if he could support abortions in cases of rape, setting off a few murmurs in the crowded room.

 A challenging Saturday offering from Jason Flinn. A challenging Saturday offering from Jason Flinn.

 As he closed out his Iowa bus tour, Ted Cruz got distracted during his stump speech. As he closed out his Iowa bus tour, Ted Cruz got distracted during his stump speech.

 Talking about Hillary Clinton and Benghazi, Ted Cruz notes that his 5-year-old daughter gets a spanking when she lies. Talking about Hillary Clinton and Benghazi, Ted Cruz notes that his 5-year-old daughter gets a spanking when she lies.

 Nodding to Bernie Sanders’s past support for shielding gun makers and dealers from lawsuits, the White House said Mr. Obama would have to study the senator’s record before supporting him should he become the Democratic nominee for president. Nodding to Bernie Sanders’s past support for shielding gun makers and dealers from lawsuits, the White House said Mr. Obama would have to study the senator’s record before supporting him should he become the Democratic nominee for president.

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

America’s long history of land disputes is where deep questions — like what our nation is ultimately for — turn suddenly concrete. America’s long history of land disputes is where deep questions — like what our nation is ultimately for — turn suddenly concrete. 

 Donald J. Trump trails Senator Ted Cruz in Iowa but has a commanding double-digit lead in New Hampshire with less than a month to go before voting begins in the first contests in the Republican presidential nominating fight, according to new Fox News surveys. Donald J. Trump trails Senator Ted Cruz in Iowa but has a commanding double-digit lead in New Hampshire with less than a month to go before voting begins in the first contests in the Republican presidential nominating fight, according to new Fox News surveys.

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

 Readers try to solve the case of a middle aged man who developed chest pain that radiated to his neck, followed by a persistent and loud whooshing in his ear. Readers try to solve the case of a middle aged man who developed chest pain that radiated to his neck, followed by a persistent and loud whooshing in his ear.

 Donald J. Trump’s son is going hunting for votes — and for deer during a trip to Iowa. Donald J. Trump’s son is going hunting for votes — and for deer during a trip to Iowa.

 A combination of the booming technology sector and tight supply of commercial real estate propelled average office rents in San Francisco. A combination of the booming technology sector and tight supply of commercial real estate propelled average office rents in San Francisco.

 Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Eduardo Porter, Fernanda Santos and others. Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Eduardo Porter, Fernanda Santos and others.

 Ted Cruz got around to a central thought at a stop in Iowa: In the Republican race, he suggested, no one could match him “when it comes to strength of spine, or other body parts.” Ted Cruz got around to a central thought at a stop in Iowa: In the Republican race, he suggested, no one could match him “when it comes to strength of spine, or other body parts.”

T’s cheat sheet to the faces on the fall/winter 2016 runways. T’s cheat sheet to the faces on the fall/winter 2016 runways. 

Yemen and Elsewhere: Pictures of the Day Yemen and Elsewhere: Pictures of the Day 

Mark Flood’s “The Future Is Ow” brings together the painter’s own work with that of four of his Houston contemporaries. Mark Flood’s “The Future Is Ow” brings together the painter’s own work with that of four of his Houston contemporaries. 

 Wagner in space. Wagner in space.

The State Department released about 3,000 pages of documents in the continuing disclosure of emails from Hillary Clinton’s private account that she used while secretary of state. Below is a selection of the released emails that provide a window into Mrs. Clinton’s approach to electronic communication. The State Department released about 3,000 pages of documents in the continuing disclosure of emails from Hillary Clinton’s private account that she used while secretary of state. Below is a selection of the released emails that provide a window into Mrs. Clinton’s approach to electronic communication. 

New York Times music critics discuss great work made over the last year. New York Times music critics discuss great work made over the last year. 

The actor and writer shares the titles she’d want most on a desert island. The actor and writer shares the titles she’d want most on a desert island. 

One baker, two chefs, a musician and a jewelry designer share their own concoctions to cure what ails you and start the day off right in 2016. One baker, two chefs, a musician and a jewelry designer share their own concoctions to cure what ails you and start the day off right in 2016. 

Mr. Green’s fall 2016 looks. Mr. Green’s fall 2016 looks. 

 As he brushed past a New York Times reporter, the senator commented on a post in which Mr. Cruz referred to the comedian Henny Youngman as “Benny.” As he brushed past a New York Times reporter, the senator commented on a post in which Mr. Cruz referred to the comedian Henny Youngman as “Benny.”

Hedi rumors, Dolce & Gabbana hijab and J.W. Anderson on Grindr. Hedi rumors, Dolce & Gabbana hijab and J.W. Anderson on Grindr. 

 An American embassy cable issued about a decade ago also described him as “crude, abrasive, arrogant and thin-skinned.” An American embassy cable issued about a decade ago also described him as “crude, abrasive, arrogant and thin-skinned.”

A 120-foot-tall statue of Mao that was torn down Thursday certainly looked enormous in the fields of Henan Province in China. But it would have been pretty impressive in New York, too. A 120-foot-tall statue of Mao that was torn down Thursday certainly looked enormous in the fields of Henan Province in China. But it would have been pretty impressive in New York, too. 

 What do we learn about the conservative sole? What do we learn about the conservative sole?

 Ted Cruz asked the crowd at a church to spend one minute a day in prayer until caucus day. “One minute, lifting our country up in prayer,” he said, his eyes narrowing as the cheers swelled. Ted Cruz asked the crowd at a church to spend one minute a day in prayer until caucus day. “One minute, lifting our country up in prayer,” he said, his eyes narrowing as the cheers swelled.

 Diaa Hadid was troubled by the response but maintains that her article was essentially fair. Diaa Hadid was troubled by the response but maintains that her article was essentially fair.

 When it comes to in-person campaign events, Marco Rubio is taking it easy. When it comes to in-person campaign events, Marco Rubio is taking it easy.

Have you spent the last 17 Sundays parked on a couch yelling at your flatscreen? How many of these questions about the N.F.L. league leaders can you answer correctly? Have you spent the last 17 Sundays parked on a couch yelling at your flatscreen? How many of these questions about the N.F.L. league leaders can you answer correctly? 

The jewelry designer shares what she’s drinking right now to stay energized — and full. The jewelry designer shares what she’s drinking right now to stay energized — and full. 

MAN’s fall 2016 show. MAN’s fall 2016 show. 

The actress opted for all black Alexander McQueen at a Golden Globes party last night in Los Angeles. The actress opted for all black Alexander McQueen at a Golden Globes party last night in Los Angeles. 

Paula Gerbase of 1205 holds her first men’s show today. T visited her Farringdon, London, studio the day before the show. Paula Gerbase of 1205 holds her first men’s show today. T visited her Farringdon, London, studio the day before the show. 

The designer presents her first men’s runway show this week during London Collections: Men. The designer presents her first men’s runway show this week during London Collections: Men. 

Nick Corasaniti explains how he listens to the flood of Presidential campaign ads now blasting through Iowa and New Hampshire. Nick Corasaniti explains how he listens to the flood of Presidential campaign ads now blasting through Iowa and New Hampshire. 

The latest designs from 1205. The latest designs from 1205. 

 In an interview with The Financial Times, the billionaire Republican donor Charles Koch bemoaned the state of the field of Republican candidates seeking the nomination and suggested that big money was losing its influence in politics these days. In an interview with The Financial Times, the billionaire Republican donor Charles Koch bemoaned the state of the field of Republican candidates seeking the nomination and suggested that big money was losing its influence in politics these days.

 Beck, Robyn, Haim and M83 are also on the lineup for the festival, scheduled for June 3-5 on Randalls Island. Beck, Robyn, Haim and M83 are also on the lineup for the festival, scheduled for June 3-5 on Randalls Island.

 A new settlement should help curb unjustified surveillance of people targeted for personal, political, religious or racial reasons. A new settlement should help curb unjustified surveillance of people targeted for personal, political, religious or racial reasons.

 Former Gov. Martin O’Malley of Maryland, who has argued most strenuously for more Democratic debates, is at risk of not qualifying for the next one under criteria laid out by NBC, the network hosting the Jan. 17 debate in South Carolina. Former Gov. Martin O’Malley of Maryland, who has argued most strenuously for more Democratic debates, is at risk of not qualifying for the next one under criteria laid out by NBC, the network hosting the Jan. 17 debate in South Carolina.

Hiromi Kano’s factory turns out some of Japan’s most popular mascots — the smiling, dancing animals, mutated foodstuffs and saucer-eyed humanoids that promote every conceivable thing in the country. Hiromi Kano’s factory turns out some of Japan’s most popular mascots — the smiling, dancing animals, mutated foodstuffs and saucer-eyed humanoids that promote every conceivable thing in the country. 

 A harder subject than you think. A harder subject than you think.

With no resolution to the standoff in sight, birders are concerned that one of the nation’s premier observation spots for birds will be off limits for the foreseeable future. With no resolution to the standoff in sight, birders are concerned that one of the nation’s premier observation spots for birds will be off limits for the foreseeable future. 

A mid-winter turkey dinner, Melissa Clark’s buttery breakfast casserole and other menu ideas. A mid-winter turkey dinner, Melissa Clark’s buttery breakfast casserole and other menu ideas. 

Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo of New York has been busily announcing big projects, but he hasn’t exactly said where the money will come from to pay for them. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo of New York has been busily announcing big projects, but he hasn’t exactly said where the money will come from to pay for them. 

 The singer last appeared on football’s biggest stage in 2013, when she briefly reunited her group Destiny’s Child. The singer last appeared on football’s biggest stage in 2013, when she briefly reunited her group Destiny’s Child.

Costuming the film’s trappers required extensive research. Frontiersmen’s journals and the Canadian park service were among the many sources used. Costuming the film’s trappers required extensive research. Frontiersmen’s journals and the Canadian park service were among the many sources used. 

 “My brain didn’t catch up to my mouth,” Mr. LePage said two days after he told an audience that “guys with the name D-Money, Smoothie, Shifty” come from out of state to sell heroin and, before leaving, “impregnate a young white girl.” “My brain didn’t catch up to my mouth,” Mr. LePage said two days after he told an audience that “guys with the name D-Money, Smoothie, Shifty” come from out of state to sell heroin and, before leaving, “impregnate a young white girl.”

 Expecting too much from trackers. Expecting too much from trackers.

 Rahm Emanuel’s legacy in an age of gridlock. Rahm Emanuel’s legacy in an age of gridlock.

In response to an ongoing Freedom of Information Act lawsuit by the New York Times, the federal government has declassified and revealed additional passages of three inspector general reports related to surveillance. The government previously released versions of these reports, but decided to reprocess them and remove further redaction markings. The newly visible portions are marked. In response to an ongoing Freedom of Information Act lawsuit by the New York Times, the federal government has declassified and revealed additional passages of three inspector general reports related to surveillance. The government previously released versions of these reports, but decided to reprocess them and remove further redaction markings. The newly visible portions are marked. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Ducks cause changes in anti-aircraft training in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Ducks cause changes in anti-aircraft training in 1941.

 Samsung has been looking for ways to prod growth for many quarters now. It is still looking. Samsung has been looking for ways to prod growth for many quarters now. It is still looking.

The fall 2016 show from Topman Design. The fall 2016 show from Topman Design. 

 The feature piece drew complaints from all sides on issues involving Israelis and Palestinians. The feature piece drew complaints from all sides on issues involving Israelis and Palestinians.

 From the International Herald Tribune: Adolf Hitler’s manifesto went from being a best-seller in Paris in 1938 to being banned in Berlin in 1945. From the International Herald Tribune: Adolf Hitler’s manifesto went from being a best-seller in Paris in 1938 to being banned in Berlin in 1945.

 New York City Center announced Thursday, two days after the death of Elizabeth Swados, that it would stage a revival of her musical “Runaways” this summer. New York City Center announced Thursday, two days after the death of Elizabeth Swados, that it would stage a revival of her musical “Runaways” this summer.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Russian troops force their way through another fortified line in 1916. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Russian troops force their way through another fortified line in 1916.

The New York Times film critics review “The Treasure,” “Anesthesia” and “Lamb.” The New York Times film critics review “The Treasure,” “Anesthesia” and “Lamb.” 

Revisiting the city, a rider heading downtown to Pennsylvania Station practices his ability to talk to anyone. Revisiting the city, a rider heading downtown to Pennsylvania Station practices his ability to talk to anyone. 

 An Annie Leibovitz exhibition opens in London; a minimalist artist has a solo show in Osaka, Japan; and a buskers’ festival runs in Christchurch, New Zealand. An Annie Leibovitz exhibition opens in London; a minimalist artist has a solo show in Osaka, Japan; and a buskers’ festival runs in Christchurch, New Zealand.

 Test your knowledge of this week’s health news. Test your knowledge of this week’s health news.

 This edition of Teenagers in the Times features young people who made the news for a variety of reasons in December. This edition of Teenagers in the Times features young people who made the news for a variety of reasons in December.

 As President Obama held a town-hall-style event in Virginia to discuss his executive actions on gun control, Donald J. Trump promised a crowd in Burlington, Vt., that he would eliminate gun-free zones in schools on his first day in office. As President Obama held a town-hall-style event in Virginia to discuss his executive actions on gun control, Donald J. Trump promised a crowd in Burlington, Vt., that he would eliminate gun-free zones in schools on his first day in office.

 Suggesting that congressional Republicans may see President Obama’s executive actions on guns to be a favorable election issue, Senator Richard Shelby of Alabama summoned Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch to a hearing to discuss “any potential infringement on law abiding Americans’ Second Amendment rights” related to the actions. Suggesting that congressional Republicans may see President Obama’s executive actions on guns to be a favorable election issue, Senator Richard Shelby of Alabama summoned Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch to a hearing to discuss “any potential infringement on law abiding Americans’ Second Amendment rights” related to the actions.

 Saudi Aramco I.P.O. Is Weighed by Kingdom | Martin Shkreli Used $45 Million E-Trade Account to Secure Bond Saudi Aramco I.P.O. Is Weighed by Kingdom | Martin Shkreli Used $45 Million E-Trade Account to Secure Bond

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

Friday: Unexpected winter sports, weekend weather, and Zora Neale Hurston. Friday: Unexpected winter sports, weekend weather, and Zora Neale Hurston. 

 A reader asks: We keep hearing about the benefits of drinking red wine. Why not grape juice instead? A reader asks: We keep hearing about the benefits of drinking red wine. Why not grape juice instead?

 Repairing robots, driving Rovers across Mars and zapping objects with a laser gun — but doing it all in virtual reality at the International CES in Las Vegas. Repairing robots, driving Rovers across Mars and zapping objects with a laser gun — but doing it all in virtual reality at the International CES in Las Vegas.

 Mr. Sanders will host multiple events over four days in part to organize and motivate people to attend the caucuses in the first state in the nominating process to vote. Mr. Sanders will host multiple events over four days in part to organize and motivate people to attend the caucuses in the first state in the nominating process to vote.

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 A social network benefits physical heath, and the benefits start early in life, according to a new study. A social network benefits physical heath, and the benefits start early in life, according to a new study.

What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including a salute to an English landscape designer and a room with a boat in Cancún. What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including a salute to an English landscape designer and a room with a boat in Cancún. In Transit blog; estates, parks and castles across England will celebrate 300th birthday of 18th-century British landscape designer Lancelot Brown; public exhibits, tours and walks will run from March through October. 

 What new tech ideas does the world need? What problems could technology solve? How could it make our lives better? What new tech ideas does the world need? What problems could technology solve? How could it make our lives better?

 “Sequentially Sought,” an exhibition at the Howard Greenberg Gallery in Manhattan, showcases Marvin Newman’s sometimes tongue-in-cheek series from 1950s New York and Chicago. “Sequentially Sought,” an exhibition at the Howard Greenberg Gallery in Manhattan, showcases Marvin Newman’s sometimes tongue-in-cheek series from 1950s New York and Chicago.

Theory meets practice as our men’s wear critic tries out the clothes that he has only viewed from the front row. Theory meets practice as our men’s wear critic tries out the clothes that he has only viewed from the front row. Guy Trebay Critic's Notebook narrates experience of wearing clothes designed by labels Ralph Lauren, Thom Browne, Public School, Calvin Klein and Duckie Brown.

 What detonation rocked Northeast Asia on Wednesday morning? What claim did the North Korean government make about the explosion? What detonation rocked Northeast Asia on Wednesday morning? What claim did the North Korean government make about the explosion?

It will take more than political showmanship from Mayor Rahm Emanuel to calm the discontent that has roiled the city. It will take more than political showmanship from Mayor Rahm Emanuel to calm the discontent that has roiled the city. Editorial argues revelation that Chicago's Law Dept helped cover up police wrongdoing in 2011 shooting death of black man Darius Pinex adds to impression that city government has been working to shield police officers from accountability; holds Mayor Rahm Emanuel must act decisively to quell public anger over police brutality and race relations; calls for overhaul of deeply flawed system of police oversight.

Many who pose no threat to American security are being sent back to some of the most dangerous countries in our hemisphere. Many who pose no threat to American security are being sent back to some of the most dangerous countries in our hemisphere. Editorial decries Homeland Security Dept's campaign of home raids aimed at uncovering illegal immigrants from Central America and deporting them; argues effort is both ineffective and runs counter to American values, as it sends innocent families back to threat posed by gang and drug violence, hunger and poverty; calls for government to address root causes of regional violence and improve legal system at border.

The Obama administration has to make clear to its leaders that nukes won’t make it safe. The Obama administration has to make clear to its leaders that nukes won’t make it safe. Op-Ed article by Profs Victor Cha and Robert L Gallucci refutes North Korea's belief that maintaining nuclear weapons arsenal will protect it from outside attacks; holds North Korea must recognize ways in which becoming nuclear power puts it at risk; urges United States and United Nations to intervene by increasing sanctions against North Korea, holding government officials accountable for crimes against humanity and pushing China to stem its support.

The locked-and-loaded crazies in the Oregon desert are using the same language as Republican legislators who want to take away an American birthright. The locked-and-loaded crazies in the Oregon desert are using the same language as Republican legislators who want to take away an American birthright. 

Millennials lean to the left, but because of several other characteristics, they may not help the Democratic ticket in November. Millennials lean to the left, but because of several other characteristics, they may not help the Democratic ticket in November. David Brooks Op-Ed column argues millennial generation, while more likely to vote for liberal political candidates than previous generations, in many ways live conservative and self-reliant lifestyle; contends living through financial crash has contributed to desire for security, suspicion of group movements and low levels of social trust; holds situation points to generation that is smart and creative, but guarded and risk-sensitive; questions effect on 2016 election.

Beijing’s financial troubles shouldn’t add up to global devastation. But more than math is involved in economics. Beijing’s financial troubles shouldn’t add up to global devastation. But more than math is involved in economics. Paul Krugman Op-Ed column examines potential danger China's looming financial crisis poses for rest of world; holds China's unsustainable rapid growth is likely to result in crash that will reverberate worldwide, but argues number of factors should prevent fallout from being catastrophic; warns, however, psychological and political elements may yet work to inflict China's woes elsewhere.

Hillary Clinton is accountable to voters for her own words and actions, not Mr. Clinton’s sexual history. Hillary Clinton is accountable to voters for her own words and actions, not Mr. Clinton’s sexual history. Editorial rejects Donald Trump's attempts to malign Hillary Clinton's political record by bringing up Bill Clinton's past sexual infidelities; acknowledges Clintons' political careers are linked, but holds Hillary is responsible for her own actions; calls Trump's comments sexist and inappropriate.

Karen Carter was pursuing a goal of working in interior design but couldn’t make ends meet. Then a friend suggested that she seek shelter among stranded travelers. Karen Carter was pursuing a goal of working in interior design but couldn’t make ends meet. Then a friend suggested that she seek shelter among stranded travelers. Catholic Charities of Brooklyn and Queens, one of seven agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, helps Karen Carter pay part of her back rent.

Quotation of the Day for Friday, January 8, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Friday, January 8, 2016. 

Corrections appearing in print on Friday, January 8, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Friday, January 8, 2016. 

Lily James, formerly of “Downton Abbey,” steps into the glass slipper in “Cinderella,” and a White House concert commemorates the act behind the National Endowment for the Arts. Lily James, formerly of “Downton Abbey,” steps into the glass slipper in “Cinderella,” and a White House concert commemorates the act behind the National Endowment for the Arts. 

Photographs from the past week in New York City include a plunge in the Atlantic Ocean and a golf outing in which the players wear fur coats. Photographs from the past week in New York City include a plunge in the Atlantic Ocean and a golf outing in which the players wear fur coats. 

  

 This word has appeared in 1,613 New York Times articles in the past year. This word has appeared in 1,613 New York Times articles in the past year.

  

KAISER--Walter, May 31, 1931 to January 5, 2016. Born in Bellevue, Ohio during the Depression, the son of a grocer, he became a page in the U.S. Senate in 1944 and then won scholarships to Philips Academy, Andover and Harvard, an institution he didn't leave until retirement. He graduated magna cum laude with highest honors in 1954, received his Ph.D. in 1960, and was made Professor of English and Comparative Literature in 1969. From 1988 to 2002 he served as Director of Villa I Tatti, the Harvard University Center for Italian Renaissance Studies in Florence. His leadership profoundly shaped I Tatti, and those were among his happiest years; he always felt that he truly belonged to the northern Mediterranean, especially to Greece and Italy. His love of learning and the arts gave color and depth to every aspect of his life. Few people have been more learned or more cultivated, wittier or more awake to beauty. Fewer still have had his genius for friendship. He was extraordinarily generous with his attention, and always finding opportunities for generosity where others wouldn't have seen them. He was the best of fathers. He is survived by his children, Miranda and David, and three granddaughters; by his brother, Bob; by his many godchildren; and by hundreds of others whose lives he enriched immeasurably, as the astonishing outpouring of grief and love from around the world since his death attests. Contributions in his memory may be made to the Walter Kaiser Fund for the Biblioteca Berenson at Villa I Tatti, Harvard University. 1/3 KAISER--Walter, May 31, 1931 to January 5, 2016. Born in Bellevue, Ohio during the Depression, the son of a grocer, he became a page in the U.S. Senate in 1944 and then won scholarships to Philips Academy, Andover and Harvard, an institution he didn't leave until retirement. He graduated magna cum laude with highest honors in 1954, received his Ph.D. in 1960, and was made Professor of English and Comparative Literature in 1969. From 1988 to 2002 he served as Director of Villa I Tatti, the Harvard University Center for Italian Renaissance Studies in Florence. His leadership profoundly shaped I Tatti, and those were among his happiest years; he always felt that he truly belonged to the northern Mediterranean, especially to Greece and Italy. His love of learning and the arts gave color and depth to every aspect of his life. Few people have been more learned or more cultivated, wittier or more awake to beauty. Fewer still have had his genius for friendship. He was extraordinarily generous with his attention, and always finding opportunities for generosity where others wouldn't have seen them. He was the best of fathers. He is survived by his children, Miranda and David, and three granddaughters; by his brother, Bob; by his many godchildren; and by hundreds of others whose lives he enriched immeasurably, as the astonishing outpouring of grief and love from around the world since his death attests. Contributions in his memory may be made to the Walter Kaiser Fund for the Biblioteca Berenson at Villa I Tatti, Harvard University. 1/3 

KAYE--Honorable Judith. The NYU School of Law mourns the passing of our distinguished alumna, the Honorable Judith Kaye '62. Judge Kaye, who served for 25 years on the New York Court of Appeals and was its Chief Judge from 1993 to 2008, was a trailblazer for women, a brilliant jurist, and a vocal advocate for legal reform. She was also a deeply committed member of the NYU Law community. In addition to serving as a trustee in the 1980s and '90s, she was an advisory board member of our Center on Civil Justice; a director of our Institute for Judicial Administration; and recipient of nearly all of our most distinguished awards for alumni achievement and service. We are grateful for her life and deeply saddened by her loss. NYU School of Law Trevor Morrison, Dean 1/3 KAYE--Honorable Judith. The NYU School of Law mourns the passing of our distinguished alumna, the Honorable Judith Kaye '62. Judge Kaye, who served for 25 years on the New York Court of Appeals and was its Chief Judge from 1993 to 2008, was a trailblazer for women, a brilliant jurist, and a vocal advocate for legal reform. She was also a deeply committed member of the NYU Law community. In addition to serving as a trustee in the 1980s and '90s, she was an advisory board member of our Center on Civil Justice; a director of our Institute for Judicial Administration; and recipient of nearly all of our most distinguished awards for alumni achievement and service. We are grateful for her life and deeply saddened by her loss. NYU School of Law Trevor Morrison, Dean 1/3 

KAYE--Judith S. With heartfelt sadness, the Trustees and Administration of Barnard College mourn the passing of the Honorable Judith S. Kaye '58, who was a devoted alumna, a Barnard Trustee from 1995 to 2002, and again from 2008 to 2009, an active trustee emerita, and a member of the Athena Center Board of Advisors. In 1987, she received the College's highest honor, the Barnard Medal of Distinction, and in 2010, the Frederick A.P. Barnard Award for all she has done for women, for the rights of the individual, and for her alma mater. Barnard honors the memory of this extraordinary woman and extends its deepest sympathies to her family. Jolyne Caruso-FitzGerald Chair, Board of Trustees Debora Spar, President 1/3 KAYE--Judith S. With heartfelt sadness, the Trustees and Administration of Barnard College mourn the passing of the Honorable Judith S. Kaye '58, who was a devoted alumna, a Barnard Trustee from 1995 to 2002, and again from 2008 to 2009, an active trustee emerita, and a member of the Athena Center Board of Advisors. In 1987, she received the College's highest honor, the Barnard Medal of Distinction, and in 2010, the Frederick A.P. Barnard Award for all she has done for women, for the rights of the individual, and for her alma mater. Barnard honors the memory of this extraordinary woman and extends its deepest sympathies to her family. Jolyne Caruso-FitzGerald Chair, Board of Trustees Debora Spar, President 1/3 

MARK--Erika Reider, of New York City and East Hampton died on January 5, 2016 after a brief illness. She was predeceased by her husband Richard, to whom she was lovingly married for 57 years. She is survived by her daughters, Jennifer and Audrey, and grandchildren Emily, Johnny, Henry, Tommy and Charlie, as well as her brothers, Alan and Jeffrey Reider. She graduated from Wellesley College and had a stellar career as a magazine editor. She received the National Magazine Award for her work at Good Housekeeping and was honored at a reception with President Clinton at the White House. She was fluent in five languages and was an avid world traveler with an adventurous spirit. She enjoyed playing tennis at the East Hampton Tennis Club and golf at the Noyac Golf Club as well as participating in two book clubs. Most of all she loved spending time with her family who greatly adored her and will miss her terribly. Funeral services to be held Friday January 8, 2016 at 2:00pm at Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. 1/3 MARK--Erika Reider, of New York City and East Hampton died on January 5, 2016 after a brief illness. She was predeceased by her husband Richard, to whom she was lovingly married for 57 years. She is survived by her daughters, Jennifer and Audrey, and grandchildren Emily, Johnny, Henry, Tommy and Charlie, as well as her brothers, Alan and Jeffrey Reider. She graduated from Wellesley College and had a stellar career as a magazine editor. She received the National Magazine Award for her work at Good Housekeeping and was honored at a reception with President Clinton at the White House. She was fluent in five languages and was an avid world traveler with an adventurous spirit. She enjoyed playing tennis at the East Hampton Tennis Club and golf at the Noyac Golf Club as well as participating in two book clubs. Most of all she loved spending time with her family who greatly adored her and will miss her terribly. Funeral services to be held Friday January 8, 2016 at 2:00pm at Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. 1/3 

KAYE--Judith S. The members of the Boards of the Fund and Committee for Modern Courts mourn the passing of the former Chief Judge of the State of New York, our fellow Board member, colleague, and outstanding advocate for judicial reform. May she rest in peace. 1/3 KAYE--Judith S. The members of the Boards of the Fund and Committee for Modern Courts mourn the passing of the former Chief Judge of the State of New York, our fellow Board member, colleague, and outstanding advocate for judicial reform. May she rest in peace. 1/3 

KAYE--Judith. January 7. The partners, attorneys and staff of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP mourn the passing of our colleague and friend Judith Kaye. Before joining our New York appellate litigation and arbitration practice in 2009, Judith spent 25 years on the bench of the New York Court of Appeals, including the last 15 as its Chief Judge. The first woman to serve on New York's highest court, Judith earned a national reputation for her pioneering opinions and court reforms. She wrote seminal opinions on such issues as the death penalty, same-sex marriage, education and state constitutional rights while leading innovative changes to the New York court system, including the establishment of specialized courts to focus on issues of drug addiction, domestic violence and mental health. As Chief Judge, Judith created the Adoption Now program, helped establish the Center for Court Innovation and co-chaired the ABA Commission on the American Jury. She retired from the bench in 2008, having served longer than any Chief Judge in state history. At Skadden, Judith helped numerous clients navigate complex issues of New York law. She also served as a trustee of the Skadden Fellowship Foundation and continued her advocacy for families and children, including through her service as the chairwoman of the Permanent Judicial Commission on Justice for Children. Judith graduated from Barnard College ('58) and NYU School of Law ('62), where she was one of 10 women in a class of nearly 300. Judith is survived by her children, Luisa, Jonathan and Gordon, and seven grandchildren. She will be greatly missed. 1/3 KAYE--Judith. January 7. The partners, attorneys and staff of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP mourn the passing of our colleague and friend Judith Kaye. Before joining our New York appellate litigation and arbitration practice in 2009, Judith spent 25 years on the bench of the New York Court of Appeals, including the last 15 as its Chief Judge. The first woman to serve on New York's highest court, Judith earned a national reputation for her pioneering opinions and court reforms. She wrote seminal opinions on such issues as the death penalty, same-sex marriage, education and state constitutional rights while leading innovative changes to the New York court system, including the establishment of specialized courts to focus on issues of drug addiction, domestic violence and mental health. As Chief Judge, Judith created the Adoption Now program, helped establish the Center for Court Innovation and co-chaired the ABA Commission on the American Jury. She retired from the bench in 2008, having served longer than any Chief Judge in state history. At Skadden, Judith helped numerous clients navigate complex issues of New York law. She also served as a trustee of the Skadden Fellowship Foundation and continued her advocacy for families and children, including through her service as the chairwoman of the Permanent Judicial Commission on Justice for Children. Judith graduated from Barnard College ('58) and NYU School of Law ('62), where she was one of 10 women in a class of nearly 300. Judith is survived by her children, Luisa, Jonathan and Gordon, and seven grandchildren. She will be greatly missed. 1/3 

KAYE--Hon. Judith S. The Board and Staff of Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts deeply mourn the passing of the Hon. Judith S. Kaye, former Chief Judge of the New York State Court of Appeals and the first woman to lead the state's judiciary. A passionate supporter of the performing arts, she was a Lincoln Center board member, where she made a lasting contribution as Chairman of the Legal Committee. Judge Kaye also served on the board of Lincoln Center Education and she was honored at our David Rubenstein Atrium Gala in 2013. Her wisdom, leadership and friendship inspired us daily. We offer our sincerest condolences to her children Luisa, Jonathan, and Gordon, their spouses and children, and to her many friends and former colleagues. Katherine Farley, Chairman Jed Bernstein, President Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. 1/3 KAYE--Hon. Judith S. The Board and Staff of Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts deeply mourn the passing of the Hon. Judith S. Kaye, former Chief Judge of the New York State Court of Appeals and the first woman to lead the state's judiciary. A passionate supporter of the performing arts, she was a Lincoln Center board member, where she made a lasting contribution as Chairman of the Legal Committee. Judge Kaye also served on the board of Lincoln Center Education and she was honored at our David Rubenstein Atrium Gala in 2013. Her wisdom, leadership and friendship inspired us daily. We offer our sincerest condolences to her children Luisa, Jonathan, and Gordon, their spouses and children, and to her many friends and former colleagues. Katherine Farley, Chairman Jed Bernstein, President Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. 1/3 

CARLSON--Claudia, died at the Dawn Greene Hospice in her 59th year on January 6, 2016. Claudia was born in Bloomington, Indiana to Elof and Helen (nee Zuckerman) Carlson and raised in six college towns. She was an illustrator, graphic designer, book designer, cartographer, photographer, and poet. She wrote three books of poetry, co-edited one volume of poetry, and wrote and illustrated a children's book. She worked for Farrar, Straus and Giroux, Oxford University Press, and American Friends of Magen David Adom. She also was a founding member of River Writers of Manhattan. She received her BA at Stony Brook University. After her mother's death she was raised by her father and Nedra (nee Miller) Carlson with her younger siblings, Christina, Erica, John and Anders. With David Allen she had two children Natalie (nee Allen) Hardaker, and Caitlin Allen. She is also survived by her husband, playwright James Racheff. A memorial service is planned for early spring. Condolences can be sent to: claudiacarlson@gmail.com 1/3 CARLSON--Claudia, died at the Dawn Greene Hospice in her 59th year on January 6, 2016. Claudia was born in Bloomington, Indiana to Elof and Helen (nee Zuckerman) Carlson and raised in six college towns. She was an illustrator, graphic designer, book designer, cartographer, photographer, and poet. She wrote three books of poetry, co-edited one volume of poetry, and wrote and illustrated a children's book. She worked for Farrar, Straus and Giroux, Oxford University Press, and American Friends of Magen David Adom. She also was a founding member of River Writers of Manhattan. She received her BA at Stony Brook University. After her mother's death she was raised by her father and Nedra (nee Miller) Carlson with her younger siblings, Christina, Erica, John and Anders. With David Allen she had two children Natalie (nee Allen) Hardaker, and Caitlin Allen. She is also survived by her husband, playwright James Racheff. A memorial service is planned for early spring. Condolences can be sent to: claudiacarlson@gmail.com 1/3 

KAYE--Honorable Judith S. at home on January 7, 2016. Beloved wife of the late Stephen. She is survived by her children, Luisa Kaye Hagemeier, Jonathan Kaye, and Gordon Kaye; seven grandchildren; and brother, Allen Smith and beloved sister-in-law Penelope Smith; as well as many cherished nieces, nephews, cousins and other relatives. Funeral service will be held on Monday, 10am, January 11, 2016 at a venue to be announced, followed by private burial. The family requests that any donations be made to JALBCA (www.jalbca.org) or The PJCJC Fund, Inc. for the Judith S. Kaye Scholarship to support a youth in foster care who is attending college (pjcjc@nycourts.gov). 1/3 KAYE--Honorable Judith S. at home on January 7, 2016. Beloved wife of the late Stephen. She is survived by her children, Luisa Kaye Hagemeier, Jonathan Kaye, and Gordon Kaye; seven grandchildren; and brother, Allen Smith and beloved sister-in-law Penelope Smith; as well as many cherished nieces, nephews, cousins and other relatives. Funeral service will be held on Monday, 10am, January 11, 2016 at a venue to be announced, followed by private burial. The family requests that any donations be made to JALBCA (www.jalbca.org) or The PJCJC Fund, Inc. for the Judith S. Kaye Scholarship to support a youth in foster care who is attending college (pjcjc@nycourts.gov). 1/3 

SQUIRE--Annette C. of Boynton Beach, FL, devoted and beloved wife for almost 60 years of the (late) Albert Squire, daughter of the late Irving and Bella (nee Lehman) Cohen, sister of the late Molly Gershen, mother of Jeffrey and Judi Squire, loving grandmother of Evan and Emma Squire, and aunt to Robert and Joe Gershen, Susan Stoll, Susan Albright and Laura Stamm, passed away peacefully surrounded by family on December 8, 2015 at Delray Medical Center following a stroke on December 7. Annette, who turned 90 December 2, graduated with a B.S. from Columbia University School of Nursing and an M.S. from the University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing. Starting her career in New York City for the Visiting Nurse Service, Annette then spent many years in Pennsylvania as a school nurse for the Pennsbury School System. All who knew Annette recognized that she was a caring and skillful nurse and loving mother, aunt, grandmother, sister, daughter, niece, cousin and friend. Annette cared deeply for the people in her life and we all will miss her warm smile, concern, and love. Her family expresses their heartfelt appreciation to her skillful, kind, loving and warm caregivers, Kimberly Barrett and Jacques Clervil. A memorial service is being planned for early 2016. The family knows that Annette would appreciate contributions in her memory to the University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing 215-898-484 nursing.upenn.edu/friends giving, Columbia University School of Nursing, 866-GIFTSYS, or nursing.columbia.edu/giving, a charity benefiting Israel or any charity of your choice. 1/3 SQUIRE--Annette C. of Boynton Beach, FL, devoted and beloved wife for almost 60 years of the (late) Albert Squire, daughter of the late Irving and Bella (nee Lehman) Cohen, sister of the late Molly Gershen, mother of Jeffrey and Judi Squire, loving grandmother of Evan and Emma Squire, and aunt to Robert and Joe Gershen, Susan Stoll, Susan Albright and Laura Stamm, passed away peacefully surrounded by family on December 8, 2015 at Delray Medical Center following a stroke on December 7. Annette, who turned 90 December 2, graduated with a B.S. from Columbia University School of Nursing and an M.S. from the University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing. Starting her career in New York City for the Visiting Nurse Service, Annette then spent many years in Pennsylvania as a school nurse for the Pennsbury School System. All who knew Annette recognized that she was a caring and skillful nurse and loving mother, aunt, grandmother, sister, daughter, niece, cousin and friend. Annette cared deeply for the people in her life and we all will miss her warm smile, concern, and love. Her family expresses their heartfelt appreciation to her skillful, kind, loving and warm caregivers, Kimberly Barrett and Jacques Clervil. A memorial service is being planned for early 2016. The family knows that Annette would appreciate contributions in her memory to the University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing 215-898-484 nursing.upenn.edu/friends giving, Columbia University School of Nursing, 866-GIFTSYS, or nursing.columbia.edu/giving, a charity benefiting Israel or any charity of your choice. 1/3 

SWADOS--Elizabeth. February 5, 1951-January 5, 2016. Artist, mentor, composer. Cherished wife of Roz Lichter. Culture has lost a great one but heaven will now rock with the music of her soul. Thank you to the doctors and nurses and staff at Cornell Weill and NYU Langone. A memorial service is being planned. In lieu of flowers, contributions in Liz's memory may be made to the Educational Advocacy Project at the Legal Aid Society ("Legal Aid Society- EAP") or the Jewish Women's Archive. "She shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water that brings forth the fruit in season, whose leaves shall not wither." 1/3 SWADOS--Elizabeth. February 5, 1951-January 5, 2016. Artist, mentor, composer. Cherished wife of Roz Lichter. Culture has lost a great one but heaven will now rock with the music of her soul. Thank you to the doctors and nurses and staff at Cornell Weill and NYU Langone. A memorial service is being planned. In lieu of flowers, contributions in Liz's memory may be made to the Educational Advocacy Project at the Legal Aid Society ("Legal Aid Society- EAP") or the Jewish Women's Archive. "She shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water that brings forth the fruit in season, whose leaves shall not wither." 1/3 

KRAVET--Stanley, 81, passed peacefully at home in Manhasset, NY, with his family and devoted wife Rhoda Kravet by his side. Born in 1934 in Brooklyn, NY to Rose and Morris Kravet, he graduated from Boys High and NYU School of Business, where he met his wife. He attended Brooklyn Law School on a full scholarship and after graduating he began working at Royal Abstract, a New York City title insurance agency. He spent over 45 years building Royal Abstract into a well known and successful company and welcomed his son Martin into the business in 1985. He was very well respected by all who knew him. Outside of his work he was involved in the rebuilding of the Jewish Center of Bayside Oaks, in Queens. He enjoyed golf and was an esteemed member of Engineers Country Club and Cold Spring Country Club. He and his wife spent winters at Boca West in Boca Raton, Florida where they were members of Boca West Country Club. He was a kind and proud man who was devoted to his family. He is survived by his wife of 59 years, Rhoda, loving father to son Martin (wife Susan) and daughter Susan Pecker (husband Elliot) and his adored grandchildren, Justin, Rachel, Dylan and Caroline. He was a loving husband, father, grandfather and brother and he will be greatly missed. Funeral service will be held at Riverside Chapel, 180 West 76th Street, in New York City on Friday, January 8 at 12pm. 1/3 KRAVET--Stanley, 81, passed peacefully at home in Manhasset, NY, with his family and devoted wife Rhoda Kravet by his side. Born in 1934 in Brooklyn, NY to Rose and Morris Kravet, he graduated from Boys High and NYU School of Business, where he met his wife. He attended Brooklyn Law School on a full scholarship and after graduating he began working at Royal Abstract, a New York City title insurance agency. He spent over 45 years building Royal Abstract into a well known and successful company and welcomed his son Martin into the business in 1985. He was very well respected by all who knew him. Outside of his work he was involved in the rebuilding of the Jewish Center of Bayside Oaks, in Queens. He enjoyed golf and was an esteemed member of Engineers Country Club and Cold Spring Country Club. He and his wife spent winters at Boca West in Boca Raton, Florida where they were members of Boca West Country Club. He was a kind and proud man who was devoted to his family. He is survived by his wife of 59 years, Rhoda, loving father to son Martin (wife Susan) and daughter Susan Pecker (husband Elliot) and his adored grandchildren, Justin, Rachel, Dylan and Caroline. He was a loving husband, father, grandfather and brother and he will be greatly missed. Funeral service will be held at Riverside Chapel, 180 West 76th Street, in New York City on Friday, January 8 at 12pm. 1/3 

LEWIS--Ruth. January 8, 2014 Always in our hearts. Neville, Matt, Andy and Jon 1/3 LEWIS--Ruth. January 8, 2014 Always in our hearts. Neville, Matt, Andy and Jon 1/3 

GLANTZ--Irwin L.,91, died peacefully at home on December 26, 2015 after a brief illness, with his loving family at his side. He is survived by his beloved wife of 62 years, Gene; devoted children Paul, Judith Kingman, and Robert; grandchildren Alexander and Garrett Kingman and Michelle and David Glantz, and nephew Bruce Kauderer. A consummate gentleman, he was a World War II veteran, lawyer, founder of real estate development, investment and management firm, Windsor Properties, and esteemed patriarch of his extended family. His patience, wisdom, optimism, generosity and strong family values will be sorely missed by all who were privileged to know him. Laid to rest in Sharon Gardens, Valhalla, New York on December 28, 2015. 1/3 GLANTZ--Irwin L.,91, died peacefully at home on December 26, 2015 after a brief illness, with his loving family at his side. He is survived by his beloved wife of 62 years, Gene; devoted children Paul, Judith Kingman, and Robert; grandchildren Alexander and Garrett Kingman and Michelle and David Glantz, and nephew Bruce Kauderer. A consummate gentleman, he was a World War II veteran, lawyer, founder of real estate development, investment and management firm, Windsor Properties, and esteemed patriarch of his extended family. His patience, wisdom, optimism, generosity and strong family values will be sorely missed by all who were privileged to know him. Laid to rest in Sharon Gardens, Valhalla, New York on December 28, 2015. 1/3 

KAISER--Walter. The trustees, staff and Fellows of the Bogliasco Foundation deeply regret the passing of our longtime friend and treasured colleague, Walter Kaiser, whose stewardship as a founding board member brought unparalleled excellence to our residential fellowship program in Italy. We extend our deepest condolences to his family. Laura Harrison, President Page Ashley and Jorge Amador, Co-Chairs James Harrison, Chairman Emeritus 1/3 KAISER--Walter. The trustees, staff and Fellows of the Bogliasco Foundation deeply regret the passing of our longtime friend and treasured colleague, Walter Kaiser, whose stewardship as a founding board member brought unparalleled excellence to our residential fellowship program in Italy. We extend our deepest condolences to his family. Laura Harrison, President Page Ashley and Jorge Amador, Co-Chairs James Harrison, Chairman Emeritus 1/3 

GOLD- Beatrice. Jan 8, 1994 Memories of you Mother are always in our hearts. Your loving Daughter and family. 1/3 GOLD- Beatrice. Jan 8, 1994 Memories of you Mother are always in our hearts. Your loving Daughter and family. 1/3 

MOORE--Alan. The Board and staff of The Anne Frank Center are deeply saddened by the loss of Alan Moore, trusted colleague, dear friend, and the Center's CFO. Alan joined the Center in 2007 and firmly believed our work contributes to making the world a better place. He was a committed Freemason, a professional organist, and a devoted uncle. His loss is hard to bear. Our thoughts are with Alan's family and friends at this difficult time. 1/3 MOORE--Alan. The Board and staff of The Anne Frank Center are deeply saddened by the loss of Alan Moore, trusted colleague, dear friend, and the Center's CFO. Alan joined the Center in 2007 and firmly believed our work contributes to making the world a better place. He was a committed Freemason, a professional organist, and a devoted uncle. His loss is hard to bear. Our thoughts are with Alan's family and friends at this difficult time. 1/3 

BERK--Paula Iris, mother and grandmother, predeceased by husband Richard Berk, passed away December 21, 2015. She leaves behind three daughters and their spouses, Lisa Roth, Malcolm Roth, Mindy McMahon, Tim McMahon, and Kimberly Aaronson; six grandchildren, Lucas, Clark and Annie McMahon, Rachel and David Behrmann, Andre Aaronson. She will be missed by all. We love you Mom, Grandma. Rest in peace. 1/3 BERK--Paula Iris, mother and grandmother, predeceased by husband Richard Berk, passed away December 21, 2015. She leaves behind three daughters and their spouses, Lisa Roth, Malcolm Roth, Mindy McMahon, Tim McMahon, and Kimberly Aaronson; six grandchildren, Lucas, Clark and Annie McMahon, Rachel and David Behrmann, Andre Aaronson. She will be missed by all. We love you Mom, Grandma. Rest in peace. 1/3 

KAYE--Judge Judith. Judith, you were a friend, a colleague and a true inspiration to all of us. You will be sorely missed. Karen and Jay Kasner Brett, Ali, Jared and Jen Kasner 1/3 KAYE--Judge Judith. Judith, you were a friend, a colleague and a true inspiration to all of us. You will be sorely missed. Karen and Jay Kasner Brett, Ali, Jared and Jen Kasner 1/3 

KASSIN--Selma. The Yeshiva University family is saddened by the passing of Selma Kassin, Z"l, a respected member of the New York Syrian Sephardic community. Mrs. Kassin was the beloved mother of Esther (and Robert J.) Ades, Pearl Beda, Jack Kassin and Leon Kassin, and the adored grandmother and great- grandmother of many. Esther and Robert J. Ades are major supporters of Yeshiva University's Sephardic Studies and Sephardic Community Programs. May they and all the members of the Ades and Kassin families be comforted among all who mourn for Zion and Jerusalem. Min hashamayim tenuhamu! Yeshiva University Richard M. Joel, President Norman Lamm, President Emeritus 1/3 KASSIN--Selma. The Yeshiva University family is saddened by the passing of Selma Kassin, Z"l, a respected member of the New York Syrian Sephardic community. Mrs. Kassin was the beloved mother of Esther (and Robert J.) Ades, Pearl Beda, Jack Kassin and Leon Kassin, and the adored grandmother and great- grandmother of many. Esther and Robert J. Ades are major supporters of Yeshiva University's Sephardic Studies and Sephardic Community Programs. May they and all the members of the Ades and Kassin families be comforted among all who mourn for Zion and Jerusalem. Min hashamayim tenuhamu! Yeshiva University Richard M. Joel, President Norman Lamm, President Emeritus 1/3 

ANGELO--John. We mourn the death of our pal John Angelo, whose energy, confidence and love of life inspired everyone he knew. Our family's sympathies go to his devoted wife Judy and their children Kate, Jack and Jesse. Susan and Peter Solomon and Family 1/3 ANGELO--John. We mourn the death of our pal John Angelo, whose energy, confidence and love of life inspired everyone he knew. Our family's sympathies go to his devoted wife Judy and their children Kate, Jack and Jesse. Susan and Peter Solomon and Family 1/3 

BOULEZ--Pierre. The Board of Trustees and staff of Carnegie Hall celebrate the life of our dear friend and colleague Pierre Boulez, one of the most important and influential artists of the 20th century. A legendary composer, conductor, musical philosopher and activist, Pierre Boulez was a visionary and trailblazing global force for modern music. Carnegie Hall was privileged to elect him an Honorary Trustee in 1995, and to appoint him as the Richard and Barbara Debs Composer's Chair from 1999 to 2003. Boulez made approximately 75 appearances at Carnegie Hall, conducting close to 60 performances on our stages, and his works have been performed on more than 80 programs. As an arts educator, he was inspirational-challenging audiences to explore a new aesthetic of music through his musical research center IRCAM, and, in the course of the Professional Training Workshops he led through Carnegie Hall's Weill Music Institute, offering profound insights to young musicians. Boulez's work in Paris served as an inspiration in the conception of Zankel Hall, the opening season of which included performances by Boulez with the Ensemble Intercontemporain. Pierre Boulez will be deeply missed by all of us at Carnegie Hall and by the entire artistic community, though his brilliant musical legacy and pioneering spirit will stay with us all. We express heartfelt condolences to his sister, Jeanne Chevalier Boulez, and brother, Roger Boulez, as well as their many children and grandchildren. Sanford I. Weill, President; Mercedes T. Bass, Acting Chairman; Clive Gillinson, Executive & Artistic Director 1/3 BOULEZ--Pierre. The Board of Trustees and staff of Carnegie Hall celebrate the life of our dear friend and colleague Pierre Boulez, one of the most important and influential artists of the 20th century. A legendary composer, conductor, musical philosopher and activist, Pierre Boulez was a visionary and trailblazing global force for modern music. Carnegie Hall was privileged to elect him an Honorary Trustee in 1995, and to appoint him as the Richard and Barbara Debs Composer's Chair from 1999 to 2003. Boulez made approximately 75 appearances at Carnegie Hall, conducting close to 60 performances on our stages, and his works have been performed on more than 80 programs. As an arts educator, he was inspirational-challenging audiences to explore a new aesthetic of music through his musical research center IRCAM, and, in the course of the Professional Training Workshops he led through Carnegie Hall's Weill Music Institute, offering profound insights to young musicians. Boulez's work in Paris served as an inspiration in the conception of Zankel Hall, the opening season of which included performances by Boulez with the Ensemble Intercontemporain. Pierre Boulez will be deeply missed by all of us at Carnegie Hall and by the entire artistic community, though his brilliant musical legacy and pioneering spirit will stay with us all. We express heartfelt condolences to his sister, Jeanne Chevalier Boulez, and brother, Roger Boulez, as well as their many children and grandchildren. Sanford I. Weill, President; Mercedes T. Bass, Acting Chairman; Clive Gillinson, Executive & Artistic Director 1/3 

SWADOS--Elizabeth. The Peter S. Reed Foundation extends deepest sympathies to fellow board member Roz Lichter on the passing of her brilliant wife, Liz Swados. 1/3 SWADOS--Elizabeth. The Peter S. Reed Foundation extends deepest sympathies to fellow board member Roz Lichter on the passing of her brilliant wife, Liz Swados. 1/3 

KASHNER--Howard. We at Royce & Associates, LLC mourn the passing of our dear friend and colleague, Howard Kashner. Over the course of a long and distinguished association with the firm, first as Outside Counsel for Pennsylvania Mutual Fund (1968-1995) then as General Counsel for The Royce Fund (1995-2002), Howard not only embodied the virtues of intelligence, relentless integrity and fine judgement, he exemplified trust, loyalty, and true friendship to all of those with whom he worked. He was an invaluable part of our company and we will miss him greatly. 1/3 KASHNER--Howard. We at Royce & Associates, LLC mourn the passing of our dear friend and colleague, Howard Kashner. Over the course of a long and distinguished association with the firm, first as Outside Counsel for Pennsylvania Mutual Fund (1968-1995) then as General Counsel for The Royce Fund (1995-2002), Howard not only embodied the virtues of intelligence, relentless integrity and fine judgement, he exemplified trust, loyalty, and true friendship to all of those with whom he worked. He was an invaluable part of our company and we will miss him greatly. 1/3 

KAYE--Judith. The Trustees and staff of the Museum of Jewish Heritage- A Living Memorial to the Holocaust express profound sadness on the passing of Trustee Hon. Judith S. Kaye, former Chief Judge of New York State, a generous supporter of the Museum who, as the first woman on the Court of Appeals, inspired many with her leadership, ethics, and grace. Bruce C. Ratner, Chairman Robert M. Morgenthau, Chairman Emeritus 1/3 KAYE--Judith. The Trustees and staff of the Museum of Jewish Heritage- A Living Memorial to the Holocaust express profound sadness on the passing of Trustee Hon. Judith S. Kaye, former Chief Judge of New York State, a generous supporter of the Museum who, as the first woman on the Court of Appeals, inspired many with her leadership, ethics, and grace. Bruce C. Ratner, Chairman Robert M. Morgenthau, Chairman Emeritus 1/3 

WEIZMANN--M. Joan. October 19, 1940-January 5, 2016. Much loved mother of Jonathan and Jessica, mother-in-law of Valerie and Patrik, proud grandmother of Nicolas, Alessandra, Micaela and Oscar, and beloved sister of Joy and Gerard, died peacefully at her home in New York City. Joan was full of life, love and courage. She will be missed by all who knew her. A funeral Mass will be held at 10am Saturday, January 9 at St. Vincent Ferrer Church, 869 Lexington Avenue (at 66th St.) New York, NY. 1 WEIZMANN--M. Joan. October 19, 1940-January 5, 2016. Much loved mother of Jonathan and Jessica, mother-in-law of Valerie and Patrik, proud grandmother of Nicolas, Alessandra, Micaela and Oscar, and beloved sister of Joy and Gerard, died peacefully at her home in New York City. Joan was full of life, love and courage. She will be missed by all who knew her. A funeral Mass will be held at 10am Saturday, January 9 at St. Vincent Ferrer Church, 869 Lexington Avenue (at 66th St.) New York, NY. 1 

KUGEL--Florence. We note with sorrow the passing of Florence Kugel, our longtime member and wife of our Executive Director Emeritus, Barry Kugel, and extend sincerest condolences to her bereaved family. Rabbi Angela W. Buchdahl, President Abigail Pogrebin, Central Synagogue of New York City 1/3 KUGEL--Florence. We note with sorrow the passing of Florence Kugel, our longtime member and wife of our Executive Director Emeritus, Barry Kugel, and extend sincerest condolences to her bereaved family. Rabbi Angela W. Buchdahl, President Abigail Pogrebin, Central Synagogue of New York City 1/3 

KAYE--Judith. The Weinberg Center for Elder Abuse Prevention at the Hebrew Home at Riverdale is deeply saddened by the loss of former Chief Judge Judith Kaye, the 2014 recipient of our Champion for Justice award, which was given in recognition of Judge Kaye's extraordinary commitment and lifelong dedication to justice. Her legacy lives on. 1/3 KAYE--Judith. The Weinberg Center for Elder Abuse Prevention at the Hebrew Home at Riverdale is deeply saddened by the loss of former Chief Judge Judith Kaye, the 2014 recipient of our Champion for Justice award, which was given in recognition of Judge Kaye's extraordinary commitment and lifelong dedication to justice. Her legacy lives on. 1/3 

KUGEL--Florence Ann, on January 6, 2016. Beloved wife of Barry for 60 years. Devoted mother of Beth, Alisa and Marty. Adoring grandmother of Avital, Richie, Ezra, Annabelle and Hillel. In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to MJHS hospice care. Services Sunday, January 10th, 12pm, at "The Riverside" 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. 1/3 KUGEL--Florence Ann, on January 6, 2016. Beloved wife of Barry for 60 years. Devoted mother of Beth, Alisa and Marty. Adoring grandmother of Avital, Richie, Ezra, Annabelle and Hillel. In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to MJHS hospice care. Services Sunday, January 10th, 12pm, at "The Riverside" 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. 1/3 

Jason Brown will not defend his United States figure skating title because of a back strain. Jason Brown will not defend his United States figure skating title because of a back strain. 

Jaco van Zyl shot a seven-under-par 65 to top a South African-dominated leaderboard in the first round of the South African Open in Gauteng, in the European Tour’s first event of 2016. Jaco van Zyl shot a seven-under-par 65 to top a South African-dominated leaderboard in the first round of the South African Open in Gauteng, in the European Tour’s first event of 2016. 

The San Francisco Giants have agreed on a three-year, $31 million deal with the free-agent outfielder Denard Span, pending a physical. The San Francisco Giants have agreed on a three-year, $31 million deal with the free-agent outfielder Denard Span, pending a physical. San Francisco Giants sign outfielder Denard Span to three-year contract; other baseball news noted.

Reilly Smith and Vincent Trocheck scored eight seconds apart in the first period, and the Florida Panthers extended their franchise-best winning streak to 11 games with a 3-2 victory over the host Ottawa Senators. Reilly Smith and Vincent Trocheck scored eight seconds apart in the first period, and the Florida Panthers extended their franchise-best winning streak to 11 games with a 3-2 victory over the host Ottawa Senators. Florida Panthers defeat Ottawa Senators, 3-2; other hockey scores noted.

Gov. Jerry Brown’s budget proposal includes billions more for education, health care and infrastructure. Gov. Jerry Brown’s budget proposal includes billions more for education, health care and infrastructure. California Gov Jerry Brown proposes $122.6 billion budget, highlighting state's strong economic recovery.

Gov. Greg Abbott of Texas called for an end to the resettlement of refugees from countries overrun by terrorist groups after the arrests. Gov. Greg Abbott of Texas called for an end to the resettlement of refugees from countries overrun by terrorist groups after the arrests. Law enforcement officials say Omar Faraj Saeed Al Hardan and Aws Mohammed Younis Al-Jayab, Iraqi-born Palestinian refugees resettled in Texas and California, respectively, have been arrested on terrorism-related charges; men are accused of having ties to jihadist terrorist groups in Iraq and Syria, including Islamic State.

The Capitals, who eliminated the Islanders from the playoffs last season, notched their 30th win with a 4-1 rout. The Capitals, who eliminated the Islanders from the playoffs last season, notched their 30th win with a 4-1 rout. Washington Capitals defeat New York Islanders, 4-1.

S.M.U. won its third American Athletic Conference game and improved to 14-0 for the season, tying the overall record of No. 22 South Carolina, the only other undefeated Division I team. S.M.U. won its third American Athletic Conference game and improved to 14-0 for the season, tying the overall record of No. 22 South Carolina, the only other undefeated Division I team. College Basketball Roundup; Southern Methodist men's basketball team defeats Cincinnati, 59-57; other men's and women's scores noted.

Many who waited to hear Mr. Trump speak said they thought he and Mr. Sanders have some things in common even though they sit on opposite ends of the political spectrum. Many who waited to hear Mr. Trump speak said they thought he and Mr. Sanders have some things in common even though they sit on opposite ends of the political spectrum. Donald J Trump makes campaign visit to Vermont, part of his effort to broaden his focus beyond early-voting primary states; visit is meant in part to challenge Sen Bernie Sanders in his home state and to show that Trump can attract large crowds in reliably Democratic stronghold in advance of primary in neighboring New Hampshire.

Appointing a civilian to monitor the Police Department&#8217;s counterterrorism activities drew support from Muslims chafing at police presence. Appointing a civilian to monitor the Police Department&#8217;s counterterrorism activities drew support from Muslims chafing at police presence. Muslims living in Queens welcome announcement by city that it will appoint civilian monitor to assess Police Dept's counterterrorism activities, which involve police surveillance of residents in neighborhoods with large Muslim populations.

Richards, arrested after a controlled substance had been intercepted by the border authorities in Canada, signed a one-year contract with the Washington Capitals. Richards, arrested after a controlled substance had been intercepted by the border authorities in Canada, signed a one-year contract with the Washington Capitals. 

Prime Minister Robert Fico said that his government would not allow Muslims to create “a compact community” and that integrating refugees was impossible. Prime Minister Robert Fico said that his government would not allow Muslims to create “a compact community” and that integrating refugees was impossible. Slovakian Prime Min Robert Fico says he will not allow Muslims to form their own community in country, yet states that it would be overwhelming task to integrate refugees; announcement follows Slovakia’s December 2015 legal filing challenging European Union’s migrant distribution plan.

The suspects, one of whom is a state prison guard, were taken into custody after a string of crimes in the Bronx over the past several months. The suspects, one of whom is a state prison guard, were taken into custody after a string of crimes in the Bronx over the past several months. New York City police say they have arrested New York State Corrections Officer Michael Santiago, along with cohorts Kenneth Smith and Bruce Collazo, for their roles in brazen daytime robberies of armored cars in Bronx since August. 

In an interview with The Economist, Prince Mohammad bin Salman also said his country would work to avoid a conflict with Iran. In an interview with The Economist, Prince Mohammad bin Salman also said his country would work to avoid a conflict with Iran. 

Offenses are increasingly relying on the short-pass game and &#8216;pick plays&#8217; to combat a rise in man-to-man coverage by larger cornerbacks. But that often creates more offensive pass interference penalties. Offenses are increasingly relying on the short-pass game and &#8216;pick plays&#8217; to combat a rise in man-to-man coverage by larger cornerbacks. But that often creates more offensive pass interference penalties. NFL teams increasingly rely on short passes, move that has lead to more interceptions as well as penalties.

The government and rebels have agreed on how to share the country’s ministries, a group overseeing the peace deal to end the two-year civil war said. The government and rebels have agreed on how to share the country’s ministries, a group overseeing the peace deal to end the two-year civil war said. Joint Monitoring and Evaluation Commission, organization striving to end South Sudan’s civil war, reports government and insurrectionists have decided how to allot country’s ministries; marks step forward for peace process.

Israeli forces fatally shot four Palestinians in the West Bank on Thursday as the assailants tried to stab soldiers, the military said. Israeli forces fatally shot four Palestinians in the West Bank on Thursday as the assailants tried to stab soldiers, the military said. Israeli military kills four Palestinians attacking soldiers at Gush Etzion and Beit Einoun junctions in the West Bank.

Neither Ken Griffey Jr. nor Mike Piazza ever won a World Series, but each slugger smashed a home run that is destined to remain a part of baseball lore. Neither Ken Griffey Jr. nor Mike Piazza ever won a World Series, but each slugger smashed a home run that is destined to remain a part of baseball lore. Tyler Kepner On Baseball column recalls memorable home runs hit by Hall of Fame inductees Ken Griffey Jr and Mike Piazza, neither of whom has won World Series; describes back-to-back home runs by Griffey and his father Ken Griffey Sr while playing together for Seattle Mariners in 1990 and two-run homer hit by Piazza at Shea Stadium in first New York game after Sept 11 terrorist attacks.

Campbell Soup breaks from its rival food companies to disclose the presence of genetically engineered ingredients in its products. Campbell Soup breaks from its rival food companies to disclose the presence of genetically engineered ingredients in its products. Campbell Soup will become first big food company to start disclosing on its food labels genetically engineered ingredients; large food companies face building pressure to be more open with use of such ingredients.

Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo&#8217;s announcement that he would begin construction of a new Pennsylvania Station this year includes Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan&#8217;s long-ago suggestion: Use the Farley building. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo&#8217;s announcement that he would begin construction of a new Pennsylvania Station this year includes Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan&#8217;s long-ago suggestion: Use the Farley building. Jim Dwyer About New York column reflects on fact that New York Gov Andrew M Cuomo's announced plan to break ground on reconstruction of Pennsylvania Station in Manhattan borrows from proposal by late Sen Daniel Patrick Moynihan issued decades ago; notes Moynihan was first to propose that James A Farley post office building across from station be turned into transit hub.

A selection of trimmed-down financial advice from financial experts and personal-finance writers at The New York Times. A selection of trimmed-down financial advice from financial experts and personal-finance writers at The New York Times. 

Triumphal portraits of former President Hugo Ch&#225;vez were carted away this week as his party&#8217;s political rivals moved into the chamber. Triumphal portraits of former President Hugo Ch&#225;vez were carted away this week as his party&#8217;s political rivals moved into the chamber. Venezuela's incoming National Assembly removes portraits of former Pres Hugo Chavez, sparking outrage from his successor Pres Nicolas Maduro and supporters; fractious political situation bodes ill for addressing country's economic freefall; new lawmakers argue necessary solutions will take years to implement.

An independent investigator said the State Department provided an “inaccurate or incomplete” response when a watchdog group asked whether Mrs. Clinton used alternate email accounts. An independent investigator said the State Department provided an “inaccurate or incomplete” response when a watchdog group asked whether Mrs. Clinton used alternate email accounts. Independent investigator finds State Dept's response to request by watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington for public records on Hillary Clinton's email use as secretary of state was inaccurate and incomplete; report, along with public release of more of Clinton's emails from that time, suggest issue of her email use will continue to be brought up during 2016 presidential election.

Todos –gobierno, sector privado y los ciudadanos– debemos hacer un frente común para acabar con esta violencia sin sentido. Todos –gobierno, sector privado y los ciudadanos– debemos hacer un frente común para acabar con esta violencia sin sentido. 

Mr. Harrington was best known for his award-winning role as Schneider on the CBS sitcom. Mr. Harrington was best known for his award-winning role as Schneider on the CBS sitcom. Pat Harrington Jr, character actor best known for playing character Schneider on hit television show One Day at a Time, role that earned him Golden Globe Award in 1981 and Emmy in 1984, dies at age 86. 

The administration said 11.3 million people had signed up for health insurance so far in the third open enrollment period, citing &#8220;unprecedented demand for marketplace coverage.&#8221; The administration said 11.3 million people had signed up for health insurance so far in the third open enrollment period, citing &#8220;unprecedented demand for marketplace coverage.&#8221; Obama administration reports 11.3 million people have signed up for health insurance so far in Affordable Care Act's third open enrollment period; officials say data about enrollments reveals unprecedented demand for insurance coverage acquired through federal insurance marketplace.

Mets General Manager Sandy Alderson, who is being treated for cancer, made his first public appearance since collapsing during a news media briefing in November. Mets General Manager Sandy Alderson, who is being treated for cancer, made his first public appearance since collapsing during a news media briefing in November. New York Mets general manager Sandy Alderson attends news conference announcing Mike Piazza's Hall of Fame induction, his first public appearance since undergoing cancer treatment; defends team's off-season roster changes.

Coach Gary Kubiak is going with Peyton Manning, who has been slowed this season by a foot injury. Coach Gary Kubiak is going with Peyton Manning, who has been slowed this season by a foot injury. NFL Roundup; Denver Broncos announce Peyton Manning will be starting quarterback in playoffs; other football news noted.

The conglomerate’s operating performance in the fourth quarter was a steep deceleration from a rise of almost 80 percent in the third quarter. The conglomerate’s operating performance in the fourth quarter was a steep deceleration from a rise of almost 80 percent in the third quarter. Samsung reports fourth-quarter 2015 profit rose 15 percent to 6.1 trillion won, or $5.1 billion, compared with 5.3 trillion won in year-ago quarter; slowdown follows rise of almost 80 percent in third quarter.

Newly released documents offer a fresh look at Bill Clinton’s later years in the White House, including transcribed phone calls and meetings with Tony Blair, the British prime minister. Newly released documents offer a fresh look at Bill Clinton’s later years in the White House, including transcribed phone calls and meetings with Tony Blair, the British prime minister. Newly released documents from former Pres Bill Clinton's library provide fresh look at his later years in office even as his wife Hillary Rodham Clinton now seeks White House post herself; documents transcribe phone calls and meetings between Clinton and then British Prime Min Tony Blair.

After early efforts to plug a leaky well failed, officials see a relief well as the solution. But drilling such a well takes time. After early efforts to plug a leaky well failed, officials see a relief well as the solution. But drilling such a well takes time. Southern California Gas Company says drilling of relief well to address natural-gas leak is on schedule to be finished by late February; experts say relief well is almost certain to deal with leak, although they note it is expensive last-ditch solution; several thousand families in Porter Ranch, have been temporarily relocated due to toxic effects of methane, main component of natural gas. 

The Bulls beat the Boston Celtics, 101-92, on Thursday night in Chicago for their sixth straight victory. The Bulls beat the Boston Celtics, 101-92, on Thursday night in Chicago for their sixth straight victory. NBA Roundup; Chicago Bulls defeat Boston Celtics, 101-92; other basketball scores noted.

&#8220;No one&#8217;s going to stop us&#8221; trading firearms through gun clubs and other markets, says one enthusiast who has long operated without a license, record-keeping or background checks. &#8220;No one&#8217;s going to stop us&#8221; trading firearms through gun clubs and other markets, says one enthusiast who has long operated without a license, record-keeping or background checks. Gun industry has largely shrugged off Pres Obama's firearms control initiative; 2015 retail sales of guns is estimated $3.1 billion; some analysts say up to 40 percent more firearms might have been sold by small dealers through private transactions not subject to background checks.

Some state senators had complained that their private conversations had been posted on Twitter. Some state senators had complained that their private conversations had been posted on Twitter. 

The Rhode Island school said it would commission a third party to investigate reports spanning several decades of abuse of students. The Rhode Island school said it would commission a third party to investigate reports spanning several decades of abuse of students. Elite Rhode Island preparatory school St George's announces it is commissioning independent investigation into allegations of misconduct against former staff and students, in wake of widening sexual abuse scandal.

A three-judge panel of a federal court has picked a new congressional map that significantly changes the racial makeup of two districts. A three-judge panel of a federal court has picked a new congressional map that significantly changes the racial makeup of two districts. Federal court's three-judge panel orders Virginia to establish new redistricting map for 2016 election and chooses new congressional map that significantly alters racial composition of two districts in state.

Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s plan would create more than one million square feet of event space and New York City’s largest ballroom at the convention center. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s plan would create more than one million square feet of event space and New York City’s largest ballroom at the convention center. New York Gov Andrew M Cuomo unveils $1 billion plan to expand Jacob K Javits Convention Center; plan is latest project announced in lead up to Cuomo's State of the State speech.

The state recorded two of its largest earthquakes in years, fueling concern that burying oil and gas wastes in seismically active areas is courting danger. The state recorded two of its largest earthquakes in years, fueling concern that burying oil and gas wastes in seismically active areas is courting danger. Two earthquakes in northern Oklahoma have once again raised concerns among scientists of consequences of continuing to bury oil and gas wastes from fracking process in seismically active areas, potentially leading to increasingly powerful seismic events; quakes were measured at magnitudes 4.7 and 4.8, largest state has experienced in years.

This maestro turned to traditional, challenging Tchaikovsky for a Lincoln Center program with the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra. This maestro turned to traditional, challenging Tchaikovsky for a Lincoln Center program with the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra. Anthony Tommasini reviews performance by Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra at David Geffen Hall.

Trinity Wall Street’s Twelfth Night Festival ended on Wednesday with a concert at St. Paul’s Chapel in Lower Manhattan that focused on Bach cantatas. Trinity Wall Street’s Twelfth Night Festival ended on Wednesday with a concert at St. Paul’s Chapel in Lower Manhattan that focused on Bach cantatas. James R Oestreich reviews performance by Choir of Trinity Wall Street and Trinity Baroque Orchestra as part of Bach at One series and Trinity's Twelfth Night Festival, at Trinity Church.

Some analysts and economists say they are becoming less optimistic that the United States will remain unscathed by China’s struggles. Some analysts and economists say they are becoming less optimistic that the United States will remain unscathed by China’s struggles. China's economic turmoil cascades out to global markets, sending stock prices plummeting; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index drops 2.4 percent in latest trading day; much depends on continues to manage devaluation of its renminbi currency.

  

The speaker’s belief that Congress should weigh in on the use of force against the Islamic State may put him on a collision path with other congressional Republicans. The speaker’s belief that Congress should weigh in on the use of force against the Islamic State may put him on a collision path with other congressional Republicans. House Speaker Paul D Ryan instructs majority leaders Rep Kevin McCarthy and Rep Ed Royce, chair of Foreign Affairs Committee, to begin talking to House members about viability of measure that will authorize war against Islamic State group.

With fewer drivers behind the wheel making mistakes, accidents and insurance premiums are expected to fall, and some insurance companies may not survive. With fewer drivers behind the wheel making mistakes, accidents and insurance premiums are expected to fall, and some insurance companies may not survive. Wheels column; KPMG report says future big reduction in car accidents due to advances in autonomous driving technology will eliminate much of profits in auto insurance industry; insurers collect $200 billion annually from policyholders.

  

Venture capitalists pulled back from making new bets at the end of last year. Venture capitalists pulled back from making new bets at the end of last year. CB Insights reports venture capital funding dropped to $27.3 billion for fourth quarter of 2015, 30 percent less than previous quarter; says $128.7 billion total for all of 2015 is almost as much as years 2013 and 2014 combined. 

The writer and director discusses a sequence from his film. The writer and director discusses a sequence from his film. 

Boeing said on Thursday that it delivered 762 jetliners in 2015, exceeding its target of 755 to 760 planes. Boeing said on Thursday that it delivered 762 jetliners in 2015, exceeding its target of 755 to 760 planes. Boeing announces it delivered 762 jetliners in 2015, exceeding year’s goal and beating Airbus Group for distinction as world’s leading aircraft manufacturer. 

As Christian families lounge and swim at a pool party, the teenage protagonist slowly moves toward accepting his sexual orientation. As Christian families lounge and swim at a pool party, the teenage protagonist slowly moves toward accepting his sexual orientation. Ben Kenigsberg reviws movie Henry Gamble's Birthday Party, directed by Stephen Cone and starring Cole Doman.

After its markets plunged last summer, and weeks after President Xi Jinping announced plans to avoid further disruptions, China again finds itself at the center of economic turmoil. After its markets plunged last summer, and weeks after President Xi Jinping announced plans to avoid further disruptions, China again finds itself at the center of economic turmoil. Chinese Pres Xi Jinping's plans to introduce new era of economic management go astray as country's slumping stock market and currency again unnerve investors worldwide; his attempts to run economy, market and currency have been stymied by haphazard policies and global turmoil. 

  

The global chief of Volkswagen, Matthias Müller, will meet Wednesday with the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, Gina McCarthy, the regulator said. The global chief of Volkswagen, Matthias Müller, will meet Wednesday with the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, Gina McCarthy, the regulator said. Volkswagen global chief Matthias Muller will meet with Environmental Protection Agency administrator Gina McCarthy; regulators and manufacturer are deadlocked on how to recall 600,000 diesel vehicles rigged to evade federal emissions standards.

  

The Department of Defense has identified 2,364 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations. The Department of Defense has identified 2,364 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations. Defense Dept confirms death of one American service member in Afghanistan.

  

  

Ken Kwek’s debut feature, set in Singapore, centers on a hapless diner owner, loan shark, motivational speaker and other motley characters. Ken Kwek’s debut feature, set in Singapore, centers on a hapless diner owner, loan shark, motivational speaker and other motley characters. Nicolas Rapold reviews movie Unlucky Plaza, directed by Ken Kwek.

Labor Department data released on Thursday showed that the number of Americans filing for jobless benefits fell last week, suggesting the economy is still fundamentally healthy even as growth slows. Labor Department data released on Thursday showed that the number of Americans filing for jobless benefits fell last week, suggesting the economy is still fundamentally healthy even as growth slows. Labor Department reports weekly claims for state unemployment benefits fell by 10,000 to seasonally adjusted 277,000.

  

In January 1996, the Jane Austen industry was recharged with the American broadcast of a new “Pride and Prejudice,” starring Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle. In January 1996, the Jane Austen industry was recharged with the American broadcast of a new “Pride and Prejudice,” starring Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle. Friday File column; New York Times archives highlights January 13, 1996, television review of premiere of BBC and A&E period mini-series Pride and Prejudice. 

James Crump’s film looks at artists who, in the early 1960s, headed into the open spaces of North America to mold the land. James Crump’s film looks at artists who, in the early 1960s, headed into the open spaces of North America to mold the land. Glenn Kenny reviews James Crump documentary film Troublemakers: The Story of Land Art.

On Friday, the Giants are also expected to meet with Adam Gase, the Bears’ offensive coordinator. On Friday, the Giants are also expected to meet with Adam Gase, the Bears’ offensive coordinator. 

Joseph Frank and Zachary Reed’s first feature follows two young men, a 1,000-pound pig and a lively pit bull as they weave in and out of their neighborhood outside Washington. Joseph Frank and Zachary Reed’s first feature follows two young men, a 1,000-pound pig and a lively pit bull as they weave in and out of their neighborhood outside Washington. Jeannette Catsoulis reviews movie Sweaty Betty, directed by Joseph Frank and Zachary Reed.

Secretary of State John Kerry told China that its soft approach to reining in North Korea has failed, and that Beijing must agree to stronger sanctions. Secretary of State John Kerry told China that its soft approach to reining in North Korea has failed, and that Beijing must agree to stronger sanctions. Sec of State John Kerry chastises China for failing to contain North Korea's nuclear ambitions; argues new approach is necessary after recent nuclear test shows advances in North Korean arsenal; plans to propose new, more severe sanctions through United Nations, but enforcement would require new level of cooperation from China.

Natalie Dormer plays twins, one of whom has gone missing, in this horror film by Jason Zada, set in an area near Mount Fuji where many have taken their own lives. Natalie Dormer plays twins, one of whom has gone missing, in this horror film by Jason Zada, set in an area near Mount Fuji where many have taken their own lives. Neil Genzlinger reviews movie The Forest, directed by Jason Zada and starring Natalie Dormer.

A reporter’s unnerving plunge into 10 events across New York City involving all kinds of audience participation. A reporter’s unnerving plunge into 10 events across New York City involving all kinds of audience participation. Sarah Lyall recounts experiences at 10 interactive theater events, of varying levels of participation, price and personal discomfort.

Shows culled mostly from the museum’s permanent collection join the conversation on black culture. Shows culled mostly from the museum’s permanent collection join the conversation on black culture. Martha Schwendener reviews shows A Constellation, Black: Color Material, Concept, Lorraine O'Grady: Art Is... and Marc Andre Robinson: Twice Told at Studio Museum in Harlem.

Three state agencies are investigating the death in Blountstown of Barbara Dawson, whom the police tried to remove from a parking lot. Three state agencies are investigating the death in Blountstown of Barbara Dawson, whom the police tried to remove from a parking lot. 

  

Dorace Fichtenbaum’s will enriches the Dallas museum, while the Morgan Library & Museum highlights Warhol’s work with books, and Art21 names a new executive director. Dorace Fichtenbaum’s will enriches the Dallas museum, while the Morgan Library & Museum highlights Warhol’s work with books, and Art21 names a new executive director. Robin Pogrebin Inside Art column; Dallas Museum, which was willed money and choice of artworks from collector Dorace Fichtenbaum, will exhibit pieces beginning mid-March; Morgan Library & Museum is set to open exhibit of Andy Warhol illustrations along with his 1940s book project; non-profit Art21 announces new executive director Tina Kukielski; Shelley & Donald Rubin Foundation names 46 recipients to share about $1 million under its Art and Social Justice initiative.

“Lamb,” with Ross Partridge as its director, star and screenwriter, based his film on a novel by Bonnie Nadzam. “Lamb,” with Ross Partridge as its director, star and screenwriter, based his film on a novel by Bonnie Nadzam. Manohla Dargis reviews movie Lamb, written and directed by Ross Partridge, who also stars with Oona Laurence.

Enrollment in the program includes free annual memberships to 40 institutions. Here’s a borough-by-borough list of highlights. Enrollment in the program includes free annual memberships to 40 institutions. Here’s a borough-by-borough list of highlights. 

The account at the online securities firm, disclosed by federal prosecutors, is the first public accounting of how much money the businessman has made. The account at the online securities firm, disclosed by federal prosecutors, is the first public accounting of how much money the businessman has made. Federal prosecutors say E-Trade brokerage account holding $45 million is used to secure $5 million bond posted by Turing Pharmaceuticals founder Martin Shkreli after his Dec 17 arrest on securities fraud charges.

With high unemployment and rising departures by residents, Puerto Rico’s decision to skip $37 million of interest and principal payments is probably only the beginning. With high unemployment and rising departures by residents, Puerto Rico’s decision to skip $37 million of interest and principal payments is probably only the beginning. 

Mr. Hines, who has been performing for most of his life, uses his autobiographical show to teach the next generation and to keep memories alive. Mr. Hines, who has been performing for most of his life, uses his autobiographical show to teach the next generation and to keep memories alive. Maurice Hines recounts incidents from his life as professional entertainer in autobiographical tap dance show Tappin' Thru Life at New World Stages; seeks to persevere memory of his brother Gregory, who died in 2003.

Du Yun’s audacious opera at the 3LD Art & Technology Center portrays two angels who land in a couple’s backyard and are then viciously exploited. Du Yun’s audacious opera at the 3LD Art & Technology Center portrays two angels who land in a couple’s backyard and are then viciously exploited. Corinna da Fonseca-Wollheim reviews Du Yun opera Angel's Bone, part of Prototype Festival, at 3LD Art & Technology Center.

Candidates and the outside groups supporting them are betting that television ads will remain a crucial political battlefield when signs increasingly suggest otherwise. Candidates and the outside groups supporting them are betting that television ads will remain a crucial political battlefield when signs increasingly suggest otherwise. Presidential race has unleashed onslaught of television advertising in last weeks before voting begins in Iowa caucuses and New Hampshire primaries; campaigns are investing heavily in television ads even though similar spending in 2015 failed to translate into noticeable changes in support in polls, although campaigns are now considering going heavily negative to sway voters' opinions.

Big Dance Theater turned intermission into an onstage celebration of that group’s 25th-anniversary season, bringing a rush of vitality to the program at the Kitchen. Big Dance Theater turned intermission into an onstage celebration of that group’s 25th-anniversary season, bringing a rush of vitality to the program at the Kitchen. Gia Kourlas reviews Big Dance: Short Form, performance to celebrate Big Dance Theater's 25th-anniversary season, at the Kitchen.

This film considers the cruel paradox of living amid life-enhancing technological miracles that don’t fulfill a yearning for a more purposeful existence. This film considers the cruel paradox of living amid life-enhancing technological miracles that don’t fulfill a yearning for a more purposeful existence. Stephen Holden reviews movie Anesthesia, directed by Tim Blake Nelson and starring Sam Waterston, Glenn Close and Kristen Stewart.

Ms. Lee joined the drummers Chris Corsano and Ches Smith for an evening of improvisation, part of her three-night residency at Jack in Brooklyn. Ms. Lee joined the drummers Chris Corsano and Ches Smith for an evening of improvisation, part of her three-night residency at Jack in Brooklyn. Ben Ratliff reviews performance by cellist Okkyung Lee with drummers Chris Corsano and Ches Smith at Jack performance space.

This British historian tells the story of ancient Rome with great authority and relish. This British historian tells the story of ancient Rome with great authority and relish. Michiko Kakutani reviews book Dynasty: The Rise and Fall of the House of Caesar by Tom Holland. 

The South by Southwest Film Festival announced a handful of films to premiere at the festival, including a new Pee-Wee Herman movie. The South by Southwest Film Festival announced a handful of films to premiere at the festival, including a new Pee-Wee Herman movie. 

Readers call for enactment of the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty and a return of the 1954 Geneva Conference on Korea. Readers call for enactment of the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty and a return of the 1954 Geneva Conference on Korea. 

A listing of shares could make Saudi Aramco, whose reserves are 10 times that of Exxon Mobil, the most valuable public company in the world. A listing of shares could make Saudi Aramco, whose reserves are 10 times that of Exxon Mobil, the most valuable public company in the world. DealBook Online; Saudi Arabia considers making an initial public offering of Saudi Aramco, its state-owned oil company and world’s largest petroleum exporter.

Mr. Platini, who was a favorite to win the election before receiving an eight-year ban from world soccer, dropped out of a race that technically did not include him. Mr. Platini, who was a favorite to win the election before receiving an eight-year ban from world soccer, dropped out of a race that technically did not include him. Michel Platini, member of FIFA governing executive committee and top European soccer official, ends bid for FIFA presidency; other soccer news noted.

The team is reverting to a game-day routine based on Long Island for now, so players have more time at home before heading to Barclays Center for games. The team is reverting to a game-day routine based on Long Island for now, so players have more time at home before heading to Barclays Center for games. 

Public campaigns and promotions have helped lift attendance at museums, theaters and nightclubs after the slump caused by the Nov. 13 attacks. Public campaigns and promotions have helped lift attendance at museums, theaters and nightclubs after the slump caused by the Nov. 13 attacks. November 2015 Paris terrorist attacks were largely assault on city's cultural institutions; museum attendance has started to recover, while city's storied cabarets and bars are slower to regain previous crowds; hopeful officials mount social media campaign in effort to promote patronage of cultural venues.

Ms. Ault expands on her method of expressive, highly individualized curating by combining art owned and borrowed. Ms. Ault expands on her method of expressive, highly individualized curating by combining art owned and borrowed. Holland Cotter reviews works by multiple artists, curated by artist Julie Ault, at Galerie Buchholz in New York. 

From auctions to exhibitions to new books, the art, industrial design and political detritus of Communist-era rule are very much of the moment. From auctions to exhibitions to new books, the art, industrial design and political detritus of Communist-era rule are very much of the moment. Eve M Kahn Antiques column; Cold War era propaganda items and cultural artifacts from Eastern Europe have begun surfacing at auctions and are subject of several museum exhibitions around world.

Media General is still bound by a previous deal to acquire the Meredith Corporation, which is reluctant to call off the engagement. Media General is still bound by a previous deal to acquire the Meredith Corporation, which is reluctant to call off the engagement. DealBook Online; Nexstar Broadcasting Group will buy Media General for about $2.3 billion.

As it turned out, nothing about the Baseball Hall of Fame voting this year indicated that the electorate was warming to the idea of electing Barry Bonds and Roger Clemens. As it turned out, nothing about the Baseball Hall of Fame voting this year indicated that the electorate was warming to the idea of electing Barry Bonds and Roger Clemens. Keeping Score column; both Roger Clemens and Barry Bonds fell far short of being elected into Baseball Hall of Fame, despite early indications that electorate was warming to idea.

The economic mismatch between the United States and much of the rest of the world is not good for either party. The economic mismatch between the United States and much of the rest of the world is not good for either party. The Upshot; United States' steadily growing economy is acting as stabilizing force in unpredictable and tumultuous world, beset by economic and geopolitical chaos; huge unresolved question is how resilient America will be in face of current problems, which are continuation of trends from 2015.

An insight into the peopling of Europe has emerged from an unlikely source — the stomach contents of a 5,300-year-old body pulled from a thawing glacier. An insight into the peopling of Europe has emerged from an unlikely source — the stomach contents of a 5,300-year-old body pulled from a thawing glacier. Scientists reconstruct DNA sequence from bacterium found in stomach of 5,300-year-old body found in Italian Alps in 1991; finding provides researchers with new insights into human migration patterns.

The actor and director says that the film’s central relationship, between a 47-year-old man and an 11-year-old girl, isn’t easily defined. The actor and director says that the film’s central relationship, between a 47-year-old man and an 11-year-old girl, isn’t easily defined. 

The falling renminbi may be a sign that China sees currency devaluation as a solution to its economic woes. Or maybe planners are losing their grip. The falling renminbi may be a sign that China sees currency devaluation as a solution to its economic woes. Or maybe planners are losing their grip. 

A retired law professor offers a solution to the problem of who gets to regulate these recreational flying vehicles. A retired law professor offers a solution to the problem of who gets to regulate these recreational flying vehicles. 

A reader says a value-added tax would especially hurt retired and poor people. A reader says a value-added tax would especially hurt retired and poor people. 

A criminal defense lawyer defends the law. A criminal defense lawyer defends the law. 

A gluten-free age gets the Instagram trend it deserves, bread-facing. A gluten-free age gets the Instagram trend it deserves, bread-facing. 

A reader writes that a shorter play clock would do little to make the game safer. A reader writes that a shorter play clock would do little to make the game safer. 

Her voice, sweet and clear, welcomed the troops home from World War II, singing, “Kiss me one, kiss me twice, kiss me once again.” Her voice, sweet and clear, welcomed the troops home from World War II, singing, “Kiss me one, kiss me twice, kiss me once again.” Kitty Kallen, beloved American singer of World War II-era hits that included Besame Mucho and I’m Beginning to See the Light, dies at age 94.

Relativity Media announced the appointments of Mr. Spacey, the actor, and his business partner Dana Brunetti to executive roles as it acquired a production company operated by the pair. Relativity Media announced the appointments of Mr. Spacey, the actor, and his business partner Dana Brunetti to executive roles as it acquired a production company operated by the pair. 

The Alliance for American Manufacturing writes that robots are less responsible for lost jobs than recessions and offshoring. The Alliance for American Manufacturing writes that robots are less responsible for lost jobs than recessions and offshoring. 

Readers call for change in a presidential year. Readers call for change in a presidential year. 

Polls often err, but it can be hard to identify a cause. A new analysis by Pew offers some interesting guidance. Polls often err, but it can be hard to identify a cause. A new analysis by Pew offers some interesting guidance. 

Judge Kaye was the first woman named to New York’s highest court and held the job of chief judge longer than any of her 21 male predecessors. Judge Kaye was the first woman named to New York’s highest court and held the job of chief judge longer than any of her 21 male predecessors. Judith S Kaye, first woman to serve on New York State Court of Appeals, where she also served as state's chief judge for nearly 16 years, dies at age 77. 

With no firm date for deliveries to begin to Madaya, however, tens of thousands of people remain at risk, United Nations officials warned. With no firm date for deliveries to begin to Madaya, however, tens of thousands of people remain at risk, United Nations officials warned. Syrian government agrees to delivery of food to Madaya, rebel-occupied town on verge of starvation; emerging humanitarian crisis within broader conflict tests durability of ad hoc cease-fires arranged by United Nations.

Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, a Roman Catholic, addresses his faith in the ad as he tries to slow the momentum of Senator Ted Cruz in Iowa. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, a Roman Catholic, addresses his faith in the ad as he tries to slow the momentum of Senator Ted Cruz in Iowa. 

The legislation will allow Poland’s new conservative government to appoint and dismiss the executives in charge of public television and radio broadcasters. The legislation will allow Poland’s new conservative government to appoint and dismiss the executives in charge of public television and radio broadcasters. Poland institutes law allowing its new conservative-led government to appoint and dismiss executives in charge of public radio and television broadcasters; European Union opposes measure on grounds it imperils press freedom and schedules rule of law discussion for January.

An agreement, coming as the city moves to settle lawsuits over surveillance targeting Muslims, would restore some of the outside oversight that was eliminated after the Sept. 11 attacks. An agreement, coming as the city moves to settle lawsuits over surveillance targeting Muslims, would restore some of the outside oversight that was eliminated after the Sept. 11 attacks. Lawyers say New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio will name independent civilian to monitor New York Police Department's counterterrorism activities, restoring some of outside oversight eliminated after Sept 11 attacks; department is attempting to settle pair of lawsuits over secret surveillance of Muslims in decade after attacks.  

The Stock Trader’s Almanac first posited that January markets can foretell the direction of the trading year, but statistics experts say causation is impossible to prove — or disprove. The Stock Trader’s Almanac first posited that January markets can foretell the direction of the trading year, but statistics experts say causation is impossible to prove — or disprove. James B Stewart Common Sense column observes that big global drop in stock market prices in first few days of January could portend bad year for investors; 2016 to-date performance is one of worst Januarys ever.

In an intense but civil town-hall-style event broadcast live on television, activists pressed President Obama to justify his gun-control efforts. In an intense but civil town-hall-style event broadcast live on television, activists pressed President Obama to justify his gun-control efforts. Pres Obama discusses his gun control efforts at town-hall-style event broadcast live by CNN, going on defensive with gun rights activists; also states in New York Times Op-Ed article published same day that he will not support any candidates who oppose gun control measures.

An ISIS video warns that Britain will lose in Syria “as you lost in Iraq and Afghanistan,” and reports of abuse by British troops in Iraq are growing. An ISIS video warns that Britain will lose in Syria “as you lost in Iraq and Afghanistan,” and reports of abuse by British troops in Iraq are growing. 

“Our position is that the facts and the circumstances surrounding the shooting death of Anthony Hill warrant a charge for felony murder,” the prosecutor said. “Our position is that the facts and the circumstances surrounding the shooting death of Anthony Hill warrant a charge for felony murder,” the prosecutor said. DeKalb County, Ga, Dist Atty Robert D James Jr says he will seek felony murder indictment against Robert Olsen, white police officer who fatally shot Anthony Hill, black man who was naked and unarmed during March, 2015, encounter in city of Chamblee.

The new GLC300 is drawn with softer lines than the GLK and is also roomier and 175 pounds lighter. The new GLC300 is drawn with softer lines than the GLK and is also roomier and 175 pounds lighter. Driven column review of the Mercedes GLC300 crossover.

The attack, which occurred just before 6 a.m. on Wednesday, left the woman with a gash around her lip that required seven stitches. The attack, which occurred just before 6 a.m. on Wednesday, left the woman with a gash around her lip that required seven stitches. New York City Police announce arrest of Kari Bazemore of Bronx for felony assault and criminal possession of weapon for allegedly slashing woman across face in Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan; authorities are looking into whether Bazemore was behind several similar slashings in city.

A trend toward more passing and other factors have led to fewer running backs reaching 1,000 yards. Seven did it this season, the lowest number since 1991. A trend toward more passing and other factors have led to fewer running backs reaching 1,000 yards. Seven did it this season, the lowest number since 1991. Fewer NFL running backs are reaching 1,000-yard mark as teams rely more on passing to gain yardage.

The Egyptian government attributed the violence to political unrest and said that tourists had not been directly targeted. The Egyptian government attributed the violence to political unrest and said that tourists had not been directly targeted. Skirmish between Egyptian security forces and Muslim Brotherhood supporters near Cairo hotel reflects ongoing political tension almost five years after 2011 revolution; country's lucrative tourism industry has been severely impacted by recent unrest.

Vinci, 32, who ended Serena Williams’s bid for a Grand Slam in 2015, spoke of retirement and said her goal for this year is to crack the top 10 for the first time. Vinci, 32, who ended Serena Williams’s bid for a Grand Slam in 2015, spoke of retirement and said her goal for this year is to crack the top 10 for the first time. United States Open runner-up Roberta Vinci hopes to rank among world's top 10 for first time in 2016; currently ranked 15th, she recently lost to Victoria Azarenka in Brisbane International quarterfinals.

Leading the way was the multinational law firm Dentons, which will have 3,000 more lawyers than the next largest firm. Leading the way was the multinational law firm Dentons, which will have 3,000 more lawyers than the next largest firm. 

In a wooded 47-acre compound southeast of Dallas, a standoff that started in 2000 came to an end years later, in 2014. Officially, anyway. In a wooded 47-acre compound southeast of Dallas, a standoff that started in 2000 came to an end years later, in 2014. Officially, anyway. What some call longest standoff in America officially ended in 2014 after nearly 15 years when district attorney dropped charges that John Joe Gray of Trinidad, Tex, assaulted state trooper; Gray's experience offers lesson for standoff at Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon, highlighting how long they can last when authorities act cautiously.

Administrators warned her that Twitter discussions involving a fellow student may have broken an anti-bullying law, she says. Administrators warned her that Twitter discussions involving a fellow student may have broken an anti-bullying law, she says. New Jersey high school student Bethany Koval becomes center of social media storm after live-tweeting and secretly recording meeting with Fair Lawn High School principal; Koval was told that Twitter comments she made about Israel might violate New Jersey law against bullying. 

Rafael Gonzalez, a homeless man who had been a regular at the restaurant, turned himself in and was charged with second-degree murder and manslaughter. Rafael Gonzalez, a homeless man who had been a regular at the restaurant, turned himself in and was charged with second-degree murder and manslaughter. New York City police arrest homeless man Rafael Gonzalez in connection with fatal stabbing of Bronx McDonald's manager Adam Garcia.

Press-and-hold shortcuts will reveal numerous characters on both the ABC and ?123 keyboards, including the symbols for the euro, the peso and the yen. Press-and-hold shortcuts will reveal numerous characters on both the ABC and ?123 keyboards, including the symbols for the euro, the peso and the yen. 

The mayor of San Vitaliano, Italy, is taking heat from local pizzeria owners over a new law requiring filters on wood-fired stoves to curb emissions. The mayor of San Vitaliano, Italy, is taking heat from local pizzeria owners over a new law requiring filters on wood-fired stoves to curb emissions. San Vitaliano Journal; Mayor Antonio Falcone draws fire for effort to combat air pollution, which requires city's cherished wood-burning pizza ovens to install filters or face bans; critics consider measure extreme, and unlikely to significantly improve dire quality of Italy's air.

Jonathan Lippman is focusing his work on New York law and appellate matters as well as trying to expand access to legal services for the needy. Jonathan Lippman is focusing his work on New York law and appellate matters as well as trying to expand access to legal services for the needy. 

The online fashion retailer, once seen as revolutionary, is sold for $250 million in cash. The online fashion retailer, once seen as revolutionary, is sold for $250 million in cash. DealBook Online; Hudson’s Bay Company will acquire Gilt Groupe for $250 million in cash. 

Leveraging ancient trading links, China is fostering closer ties through pop music. Leveraging ancient trading links, China is fostering closer ties through pop music. 

Rescuers pulled the miners to the surface after they had spent the night trapped in an elevator 900 feet below ground. Rescuers pulled the miners to the surface after they had spent the night trapped in an elevator 900 feet below ground. 

A vista that pleased J.M.W. Turner can now be shared by those moving into a development on the site of a former sanctuary for wounded veterans. A vista that pleased J.M.W. Turner can now be shared by those moving into a development on the site of a former sanctuary for wounded veterans. 

The attack, around noon, prompted the closing of schools, shops and streets, and the man’s body lay on the street outside the station on the Rue de la Goutte d’Or. The attack, around noon, prompted the closing of schools, shops and streets, and the man’s body lay on the street outside the station on the Rue de la Goutte d’Or. Man wielding knife is killed by French police officers after attempting to attack Paris police station; officers warned assailant, who wore fake suicide vest and shouted 'Allahu Akbar,' to stop before opening fire; authorities are unclear whether man, who professed allegiance to Islamic State, was mentally unstable and acting alone.

Mr. Chen, who manages China’s biggest website for fans of “Star Wars,” discussed the movie’s fan base and how he became addicted to the Force. Mr. Chen, who manages China’s biggest website for fans of “Star Wars,” discussed the movie’s fan base and how he became addicted to the Force. 

The case of five employees of a publishing house calls into question the legal guarantee that people in Hong Kong would be shielded from China’s reach until midcentury. The case of five employees of a publishing house calls into question the legal guarantee that people in Hong Kong would be shielded from China’s reach until midcentury. Hong Kong residents fear Chinese government is behind mysterious disappearances of five editors of books critical of Chinese authorities; move would violate 1984 agreement between Britain and China which guaranteed Hong Kong's semi-independence until 2047, and complicate recent push for collaboration between two countries.

The 12-time Oscar-nominated cinematographer Roger Deakins discusses his work on the drug cartel thriller directed by Denis Villeneuve The 12-time Oscar-nominated cinematographer Roger Deakins discusses his work on the drug cartel thriller directed by Denis Villeneuve 

To viewers of the television series, Byfleet Manor, slowly restored over more than a decade, is the residence of Lady Violet Crawley, dowager countess of Grantham. To viewers of the television series, Byfleet Manor, slowly restored over more than a decade, is the residence of Lady Violet Crawley, dowager countess of Grantham. 

The use of border loudspeakers that infuriated Pyongyang last summer is a response to the North’s latest nuclear test. The use of border loudspeakers that infuriated Pyongyang last summer is a response to the North’s latest nuclear test. 

Saudi officials said the airstrikes targeted missile launchers that Houthi rebels have used to fire across the border into the kingdom. Saudi officials said the airstrikes targeted missile launchers that Houthi rebels have used to fire across the border into the kingdom. Iran's claim that Saudi Arabian airstrike hit its embassy in Yemen is contradicted by reports of near-miss by embassy guards and eyewitnesses; civil war in Yemen between Saudi-led coalition and rebels allied with Iran escalated after execution of Shiite cleric by Saudi Arabia, which inflamed sectarian tensions across region.

After his comments on Muslims, interest surged in a petition calling for Mr. Trump to not be allowed to enter the country on the basis of laws against hate speech. After his comments on Muslims, interest surged in a petition calling for Mr. Trump to not be allowed to enter the country on the basis of laws against hate speech. Donald J Trump could forego plans to invest over $1 billion in Scotland if Britain bars him from entering country over his proposal to prohibit Muslims from immigrating to United States; critics successfully petitioned Parliament to debate whether comments qualify as hate speech; British officials condemn remarks but cite impracticalities of ban and preference for open debate.

The city’s retaking has been hailed, but its destruction bears testament to the cost of dislodging a group that stitches itself into the fabric of the communities it seizes. The city’s retaking has been hailed, but its destruction bears testament to the cost of dislodging a group that stitches itself into the fabric of the communities it seizes. Extensive destruction of Iraqi city of Ramadi, reclaimed from Islamic State by country's security's forces, lays bare huge costs of fighting extremist group and removing it from besieged urban areas; United States-led coalition's successes have left communities in ruins, with few resources to rebuild.

A surprising focus on the candidate’s stack-heeled ankle boots has grown over the last few days into one of the weirder flaps of the campaign. A surprising focus on the candidate’s stack-heeled ankle boots has grown over the last few days into one of the weirder flaps of the campaign. Sen Marco Rubio's choice of stack-heeled ankle boots has become focus of one of weirder firestorms in 2016 presidential campaign; many in media and number of Rubio's opponents in campaign have made issue of his sartorial choice, which underscores degree to which male presidential candidates dress identically to one another.

New York is joining the ranks of nearly half the country’s states in allowing the use of medical marijuana with the opening of eight dispensaries statewide. New York is joining the ranks of nearly half the country’s states in allowing the use of medical marijuana with the opening of eight dispensaries statewide. New York becomes latest state to embrace legal medical marijuana, with opening of eight dispensaries; state Health Dept officials say only 51 patients have been certified in program so far.

Long hours in the club and at work have left these single men wondering what life is all about and whom they might like to share it with. Long hours in the club and at work have left these single men wondering what life is all about and whom they might like to share it with. Many single men in their 30s and 40s, both gay and straight, say they are looking for love and family after years of partying.

Markets in the United States closed down by more than 2 percent after trading was halted in China for the second time this week. Markets in the United States closed down by more than 2 percent after trading was halted in China for the second time this week. Chinese officials are forced to halt stock trading for second time in week after Chinese stocks plunge over 7 percent after only 29 minutes of trading; renminbi continues to be sore spot, and question remains about whether market turmoil is due to rule changes within Chinese Stock market or to broader economic fundamentals and slowdown of Chinese economy.

Snow Peak, newly opened in Manhattan, is more than a camping store. Snow Peak, newly opened in Manhattan, is more than a camping store. Snow Peak, Japanese brand of camping equipment and outdoor clothing, opens shop in SoHo, its second in America. 

The playwright David Henry Hwang thought he had been hit on the head by a random attacker. Then he noticed the blood. The playwright David Henry Hwang thought he had been hit on the head by a random attacker. Then he noticed the blood. Playwright David Henry Hwang says surviving random stabbing attack near his Brooklyn home in November 2015 gave him new reasons to celebrate holiday season.

The Virginia-based rapper favors John Elliott, By Walid and Rolex, not to mention his own Adidas line. The Virginia-based rapper favors John Elliott, By Walid and Rolex, not to mention his own Adidas line. 

The Audemars Piguet Royal Oak could have been the DeLorean of watches. Instead it became a must-have for collectors and casual enthusiasts alike. The Audemars Piguet Royal Oak could have been the DeLorean of watches. Instead it became a must-have for collectors and casual enthusiasts alike. Luxury sports watch Royal Oak, line introduced by Audemars Piguet in 1972, has garnered cult following over past four decades due to its chunky stainless-steel design.

At INA Men, secondhand doesn’t mean second best. At INA Men, secondhand doesn’t mean second best. Ina Bernstein and her son Milo, co-owners of consignment store INA Men, answers questions about men's designer clothes and accessories.

After 45 years on the public broadcaster PBS, Big Bird, Elmo and the rest of the “Sesame Street” crew are settling into a new set as well as a new television home on the premium cable network HBO. After 45 years on the public broadcaster PBS, Big Bird, Elmo and the rest of the “Sesame Street” crew are settling into a new set as well as a new television home on the premium cable network HBO. 

Here is a look back at some of the issues President Obama addressed in his annual speeches before a joint session of Congress and the actions, or inaction, that followed in those areas. Here is a look back at some of the issues President Obama addressed in his annual speeches before a joint session of Congress and the actions, or inaction, that followed in those areas. 

Un reportero relata lo que vivió en Los Mochis, Sinaloa, un día después de la captura de Joaquín Guzmán Loera, el "Chapo”. Un reportero relata lo que vivió en Los Mochis, Sinaloa, un día después de la captura de Joaquín Guzmán Loera, el "Chapo”. 

 Ted Cruz asked attendees to do three things: vote for him, volunteer and pray daily until the Feb. 1 caucuses. Ted Cruz asked attendees to do three things: vote for him, volunteer and pray daily until the Feb. 1 caucuses.

 At two rallies in Iowa, Donald J. Trump again questioned whether Ted Cruz was a “natural-born citizen,” while Mr. Cruz suggested the attack was being made out of desperation. At two rallies in Iowa, Donald J. Trump again questioned whether Ted Cruz was a “natural-born citizen,” while Mr. Cruz suggested the attack was being made out of desperation.

 Members of the American Historical Association, the nation’s largest organization for professional historians, rejected a resolution condemning what was characterized as Israel’s interference with the right to education for Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza. Members of the American Historical Association, the nation’s largest organization for professional historians, rejected a resolution condemning what was characterized as Israel’s interference with the right to education for Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza.

 One of Ted Cruz’s new favorite jokes ties Hillary Clinton to Chicago’s reputation for voting high jinks. One of Ted Cruz’s new favorite jokes ties Hillary Clinton to Chicago’s reputation for voting high jinks.

 My head talks again. My head talks again.

A circuitous route from the island to the United States has been blocked as Nicaragua, an ally of Cuba, refused to let a large wave of migrants pass from Costa Rica. A circuitous route from the island to the United States has been blocked as Nicaragua, an ally of Cuba, refused to let a large wave of migrants pass from Costa Rica. 

Christopher Shannon presents looks for next fall. Christopher Shannon presents looks for next fall. 

 This puzzle by Patrick Merrell is really funny. Please don’t get me fired by arguing in the comments. This puzzle by Patrick Merrell is really funny. Please don’t get me fired by arguing in the comments.

 Senator Ted Cruz of Texas took the opportunity to remind people of a poster that depicted him as a smoking, tattooed hunk, noting, “I don’t smoke cigarettes.” Senator Ted Cruz of Texas took the opportunity to remind people of a poster that depicted him as a smoking, tattooed hunk, noting, “I don’t smoke cigarettes.”

Sibling’s fall 2016 show. Sibling’s fall 2016 show. 

 As his two young girls played quietly at his feet, Ted Cruz noted, “Every parent knows, it’s much more dangerous when they’re quiet.” As his two young girls played quietly at his feet, Ted Cruz noted, “Every parent knows, it’s much more dangerous when they’re quiet.”

 Ted Cruz did not quite promise he would never golf as president, but he suggested he would not golf well. Ted Cruz did not quite promise he would never golf as president, but he suggested he would not golf well.

The latest designs from Casely-Hayford. The latest designs from Casely-Hayford. 

Senator Ted Cruz recently set off on a six-day, 28-town bus tour, which ends Saturday, and we sent one of our reporters, Matt Flegenheimer, along with him. Here are some interesting, selected moments from the tour. Senator Ted Cruz recently set off on a six-day, 28-town bus tour, which ends Saturday, and we sent one of our reporters, Matt Flegenheimer, along with him. Here are some interesting, selected moments from the tour. 

For fall/winter 2016, Craig Green creatively adorned anoraks, Topman focused on burnt golds and florals — and Alex Mullins was inspired by waiting in the rain. For fall/winter 2016, Craig Green creatively adorned anoraks, Topman focused on burnt golds and florals — and Alex Mullins was inspired by waiting in the rain. 

 Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon take us outdoors in the first acrostic of 2016. Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon take us outdoors in the first acrostic of 2016.

Lou Dalton’s take on fall 2016. Lou Dalton’s take on fall 2016. 

The fall 2016 show from Coach. The fall 2016 show from Coach. 

Fall 2016 looks from Astrid Andersen. Fall 2016 looks from Astrid Andersen. 

Agi & Sam’s fall 2016 show. Agi & Sam’s fall 2016 show. 

 Las Vegas has a fake Statue of Liberty and a fake Eiffel Tower. So why not add a fake Twitter town for business meetings? Las Vegas has a fake Statue of Liberty and a fake Eiffel Tower. So why not add a fake Twitter town for business meetings?

E. Tautz presents looks for fall 2016. E. Tautz presents looks for fall 2016. 

After his friend was shot on Christmas Eve in 2013, Chris Wilmore — known as Scarface — began recruiting for his backyard fight club, as a way to encourage people to settle disputes with gloves, not guns. After his friend was shot on Christmas Eve in 2013, Chris Wilmore — known as Scarface — began recruiting for his backyard fight club, as a way to encourage people to settle disputes with gloves, not guns. 

Wealthy landowners and businessmen in Punjab keep up some erstwhile royal traditions, including greyhound races. Wealthy landowners and businessmen in Punjab keep up some erstwhile royal traditions, including greyhound races. 

Corrections appearing in print on Saturday, January 9, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Saturday, January 9, 2016. 

Quotation of the Day for Saturday, January 9, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Saturday, January 9, 2016. 

“Mad Max: Fury Road” comes to cable. Judge Jeanine Pirro takes on the case of Steven Avery. And Jason Sudeikis and Alison Brie try to avoid commitment. “Mad Max: Fury Road” comes to cable. Judge Jeanine Pirro takes on the case of Steven Avery. And Jason Sudeikis and Alison Brie try to avoid commitment. 

The N.H.L. suspended Washington Capitals forward Marcus Johansson for two games for a hit to the head of Islanders defenseman Thomas Hickey. The N.H.L. suspended Washington Capitals forward Marcus Johansson for two games for a hit to the head of Islanders defenseman Thomas Hickey. NHL suspends Washington Capitals forward Marcus Johansson for two games suspension for illegal hit on New York Islanders defenseman Thomas Hickey.

Jamie Greubel-Poser and Cherelle Garrett of the United States posted the fastest time in both runs to win the gold medal in a women’s World Cup bobsled race at Lake Placid, N.Y. Jamie Greubel-Poser and Cherelle Garrett of the United States posted the fastest time in both runs to win the gold medal in a women’s World Cup bobsled race at Lake Placid, N.Y. 

The former Washington State offensive lineman Mike Utley, who was paralyzed in an N.F.L. game, was selected for induction in December into the College Football Hall of Fame. The former Washington State offensive lineman Mike Utley, who was paralyzed in an N.F.L. game, was selected for induction in December into the College Football Hall of Fame. Group of December 2016 inductees into College Football Hall of Fame will include former Washington State offensive lineman Mike Utley, who was paralyzed in NFL game.

Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal will break their 23-23 tie in matches against each other when they meet in the Qatar Open final on Saturday in Doha. Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal will break their 23-23 tie in matches against each other when they meet in the Qatar Open final on Saturday in Doha. Novak Djokovic defeats Tomas Berdych in semifinals of Qatar Open tennis tournament; other tennis news noted.

Breanna Stewart, Moriah Jefferson, Kia Nurse and Gabby Williams each had 13 points, and the No. 1 Connecticut women’s team easily overcame a slow start for its 50th straight victory, 76-37, over host Houston. Breanna Stewart, Moriah Jefferson, Kia Nurse and Gabby Williams each had 13 points, and the No. 1 Connecticut women’s team easily overcame a slow start for its 50th straight victory, 76-37, over host Houston. Connecticut women's basketball team beats Houston, 76-37, for its 50th consecutive victory.

The executives said Iran should recognize that independent journalism was “a fundamental human right” and free Mr. Rezaian, a Washington Post reporter. The executives said Iran should recognize that independent journalism was “a fundamental human right” and free Mr. Rezaian, a Washington Post reporter. Executives from 25 news organizations send letter to Secretary of State John Kerry calling on him to pressure Iran to release Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian.

Jordan Spieth, the No. 1 player in the world, carded a second-round nine-under-par 64 to vault into a four-stroke lead at the Hyundai Tournament of Champions in Kapalua, Hawaii, on Friday. Jordan Spieth, the No. 1 player in the world, carded a second-round nine-under-par 64 to vault into a four-stroke lead at the Hyundai Tournament of Champions in Kapalua, Hawaii, on Friday. Jordan Speith takes second-round lead at Hyundai Tournament of Champions in Kapalua, Hawaii. 

The Washington Nationals accommodated reliever Drew Storen, trading him to the Toronto Blue Jays for outfielder Ben Revere. The Washington Nationals accommodated reliever Drew Storen, trading him to the Toronto Blue Jays for outfielder Ben Revere. Washington Nationals trade pitcher Drew Storen to Toronto Blue Jays for outfielder Ben Revere; other baseball news noted.

SEFF--Gloria Nelson, died on January 7, 2016 at the age of 90. Beloved mother of Liane B. Onish. Stepmother of Barbara. Sister of Miriam. Aunt of Janet and Robert. Contributions in her name may be made to Planned Parenthood or Hunter College Mother's Day Fund. 1/3 SEFF--Gloria Nelson, died on January 7, 2016 at the age of 90. Beloved mother of Liane B. Onish. Stepmother of Barbara. Sister of Miriam. Aunt of Janet and Robert. Contributions in her name may be made to Planned Parenthood or Hunter College Mother's Day Fund. 1/3 

KAYE--Judith. January 7. The partners, attorneys and staff of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP mourn the passing of our colleague and friend Judith Kaye. Before joining our New York appellate litigation and arbitration practice in 2009, Judith spent 25 years on the bench of the New York Court of Appeals, including the last 15 as its Chief Judge. The first woman to serve on New York's highest court, Judith earned a national reputation for her pioneering opinions and court reforms. She wrote seminal opinions on such issues as the death penalty, same-sex marriage, education and state constitutional rights while leading innovative changes to the New York court system, including the establishment of specialized courts to focus on issues of drug addiction, domestic violence and mental health. As Chief Judge, Judith created the Adoption Now program, helped establish the Center for Court Innovation and co-chaired the ABA Commission on the American Jury. She retired from the bench in 2008, having served longer than any Chief Judge in state history. At Skadden, Judith helped numerous clients navigate complex issues of New York law. She also served as a trustee of the Skadden Fellowship Foundation and continued her advocacy for families and children, including through her service as the chairwoman of the Permanent Judicial Commission on Justice for Children. Judith graduated from Barnard College ('58) and NYU School of Law ('62), where she was one of 10 women in a class of nearly 300. Judith is survived by her children, Luisa, Jonathan and Gordon, and seven grandchildren. She will be greatly missed. Funeral services will be held at 10:00am (doors open at 9:15), Monday, January 11, at the David H. Koch Theater, Lincoln Center. 1/3 KAYE--Judith. January 7. The partners, attorneys and staff of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP mourn the passing of our colleague and friend Judith Kaye. Before joining our New York appellate litigation and arbitration practice in 2009, Judith spent 25 years on the bench of the New York Court of Appeals, including the last 15 as its Chief Judge. The first woman to serve on New York's highest court, Judith earned a national reputation for her pioneering opinions and court reforms. She wrote seminal opinions on such issues as the death penalty, same-sex marriage, education and state constitutional rights while leading innovative changes to the New York court system, including the establishment of specialized courts to focus on issues of drug addiction, domestic violence and mental health. As Chief Judge, Judith created the Adoption Now program, helped establish the Center for Court Innovation and co-chaired the ABA Commission on the American Jury. She retired from the bench in 2008, having served longer than any Chief Judge in state history. At Skadden, Judith helped numerous clients navigate complex issues of New York law. She also served as a trustee of the Skadden Fellowship Foundation and continued her advocacy for families and children, including through her service as the chairwoman of the Permanent Judicial Commission on Justice for Children. Judith graduated from Barnard College ('58) and NYU School of Law ('62), where she was one of 10 women in a class of nearly 300. Judith is survived by her children, Luisa, Jonathan and Gordon, and seven grandchildren. She will be greatly missed. Funeral services will be held at 10:00am (doors open at 9:15), Monday, January 11, at the David H. Koch Theater, Lincoln Center. 1/3 

KAYE--Judith. Downstate New York Committee of the American College of Trial Lawyers mourn the passing of our cherished Fellow, Honorable Judith S. Kaye, who set an example for all Lawyers and Judges to follow. Judith simply was a passionate friend of equality and justice. Larry Krantz, Chairman, Downstate NY Committee 1/3 KAYE--Judith. Downstate New York Committee of the American College of Trial Lawyers mourn the passing of our cherished Fellow, Honorable Judith S. Kaye, who set an example for all Lawyers and Judges to follow. Judith simply was a passionate friend of equality and justice. Larry Krantz, Chairman, Downstate NY Committee 1/3 

KAYE--Judith S. Columbia Law School mourns the loss of Judge Judith S. Kaye, a compassionate and creative court reformer who transformed the role of the judiciary in addressing domestic violence, substance abuse, and mental illness, in particular. A trailblazing leader and public servant, Judge Kaye leaves an enduring legacy. 1/3 KAYE--Judith S. Columbia Law School mourns the loss of Judge Judith S. Kaye, a compassionate and creative court reformer who transformed the role of the judiciary in addressing domestic violence, substance abuse, and mental illness, in particular. A trailblazing leader and public servant, Judge Kaye leaves an enduring legacy. 1/3 

MOSCOT--Kenneth Charles. 1/9/1970 - 1/9/2016 Our beloved Kenny unforgettable, in our hearts for eternity. 1/3 MOSCOT--Kenneth Charles. 1/9/1970 - 1/9/2016 Our beloved Kenny unforgettable, in our hearts for eternity. 1/3 

KUGEL--Florence Ann, on January 6, 2016. Beloved wife of Barry for 60 years. Devoted mother of Beth, Alisa and Marty. Adoring grandmother of Avital, Richie, Ezra, Annabelle and Hillel. In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to MJHS hospice care. Services Sunday, January 10th, 12pm, at "The Riverside" 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. 1/3 KUGEL--Florence Ann, on January 6, 2016. Beloved wife of Barry for 60 years. Devoted mother of Beth, Alisa and Marty. Adoring grandmother of Avital, Richie, Ezra, Annabelle and Hillel. In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to MJHS hospice care. Services Sunday, January 10th, 12pm, at "The Riverside" 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. 1/3 

MARCOVE--Ralph C.,M.D. January 9, 2001. Fifteen years have passed. Loved and Remembered. Christina, Laura, Adam and Wyatt 1/3 MARCOVE--Ralph C.,M.D. January 9, 2001. Fifteen years have passed. Loved and Remembered. Christina, Laura, Adam and Wyatt 1/3 

KAYE--Honorable Judith S. at home on January 7, 2016. She is survived by her children, Luisa Kaye Hagemeier, Jonathan Kaye, and Gordon Kaye; seven grandchildren; and brother, Allen Smith and beloved sister-in-law Penelope Smith; as well as many cherished nieces, nephews, cousins and other relatives. Funeral service will be held on Monday, 10am, January 11, 2016 at the David H. Koch Theater, 20 Lincoln Center Plaza, followed by private burial. The family requests that any donations be made to JALBCA (www.jalbca.org) or The PJCJC Fund, Inc. for the Judith S. Kaye Scholarship to support a youth in foster care who is attending college (pjcjc@nycourts.gov). 1/3 KAYE--Honorable Judith S. at home on January 7, 2016. She is survived by her children, Luisa Kaye Hagemeier, Jonathan Kaye, and Gordon Kaye; seven grandchildren; and brother, Allen Smith and beloved sister-in-law Penelope Smith; as well as many cherished nieces, nephews, cousins and other relatives. Funeral service will be held on Monday, 10am, January 11, 2016 at the David H. Koch Theater, 20 Lincoln Center Plaza, followed by private burial. The family requests that any donations be made to JALBCA (www.jalbca.org) or The PJCJC Fund, Inc. for the Judith S. Kaye Scholarship to support a youth in foster care who is attending college (pjcjc@nycourts.gov). 1/3 

KAYE--Judith, was the most extraordinary combination of brilliance, dignity, warmth, humanity, elegance, integrity, sweetness, eloquence, wisdom, grace, compassion and inner and outer beauty of anyone I have ever known. I will miss her forever. Clare Hogenauer 1/3 KAYE--Judith, was the most extraordinary combination of brilliance, dignity, warmth, humanity, elegance, integrity, sweetness, eloquence, wisdom, grace, compassion and inner and outer beauty of anyone I have ever known. I will miss her forever. Clare Hogenauer 1/3 

KAYE--Hon. Judith S. Judith was a dear, dear friend and colleague. We will miss her terribly. Gloria and Barry Garfinkel 1/3 KAYE--Hon. Judith S. Judith was a dear, dear friend and colleague. We will miss her terribly. Gloria and Barry Garfinkel 1/3 

KOPEL--Victor. In loving memory on the passing of Victor Kopel. Devoted husband to Dale and proud father to Robbie, Jamie and Jeff. Beaming grandfather to Shane Jerry and kind friend to all. 1/3 KOPEL--Victor. In loving memory on the passing of Victor Kopel. Devoted husband to Dale and proud father to Robbie, Jamie and Jeff. Beaming grandfather to Shane Jerry and kind friend to all. 1/3 

The Devils lost a third straight game in regulation for the first time since the start of the season. The Devils lost a third straight game in regulation for the first time since the start of the season. Boston Bruins beat New Jersey Devils, 4-1, for franchise's 3,000th win; other hockey news noted.

Kristaps Porzingis scored 28 points for the Knicks, who fell short at the buzzer and failed to stop San Antonio’s regular-season home winning streak. Kristaps Porzingis scored 28 points for the Knicks, who fell short at the buzzer and failed to stop San Antonio’s regular-season home winning streak. San Antonio Spurs defeat New York Knicks, 100-99.

The police say a man who was arrested on Wednesday has now been charged in an attack that occurred in November. The police say a man who was arrested on Wednesday has now been charged in an attack that occurred in November. 

A comment by Jimmy Butler had raised questions about the chemistry in the Bulls’ locker room. But that had been in December, before the team won a season-high six games in a row. A comment by Jimmy Butler had raised questions about the chemistry in the Bulls’ locker room. But that had been in December, before the team won a season-high six games in a row. 

Mayor Bill de Blasio’s plan, which calls for 100 new beds a year for the next three years, targets an age group that can often feels unwelcome in traditional shelters. Mayor Bill de Blasio’s plan, which calls for 100 new beds a year for the next three years, targets an age group that can often feels unwelcome in traditional shelters. Mayor Bill de Blasio announces plan to add 300 shelter beds for older teenagers to New York City's shelter system in attempt to better serve age group that advocates warn is vulnerable to suicide and sex trafficking; plan will add 100 beds a year over three-year period, number advocates say will leave many of city's estimated 3,800 homeless youths in need.

John D. Bunn is seeking to clear his name after he was convicted in the fatal shooting of an off-duty correction officer. John D. Bunn is seeking to clear his name after he was convicted in the fatal shooting of an off-duty correction officer. John D Bunn of Brooklyn, who was convicted in 1992 of murdering off-duty Correction Officer Rolando Neischer, takes stand in Brooklyn in effort to have his conviction vacated; Bunn's conviction is among 70 connected to former Brooklyn Detective Louis Scarcella that are being investigated due to allegations of flawed police work by Scarcella; Bunn's co-defendant Rosean S Hargrave had his second-degree murder conviction vacated in 2015.

Mack, a defensive end and outside linebacker, became the first player selected for an Associated Press All-Pro team at two spots. Mack, a defensive end and outside linebacker, became the first player selected for an Associated Press All-Pro team at two spots. Oakland Raiders linebacker Khalil Mack makes history for being selected in two positions in 2015 Associated Press All-Pro team.

The nation could find a rare moment of gun consensus by supporting safety training. The nation could find a rare moment of gun consensus by supporting safety training. Gail Collins Op-Ed column mocks way Republicans have reacted to Pres Obama's announcement of executive action to close few loopholes in background check laws for gun purchases; calls on lawmakers in both parties to support safety training for those who purchase guns, given that other gun control measures are non-starters.

The United Nations has criticized Yemen, and its most powerful backer, Saudi Arabia, for their reported use of cluster bombs in heavily populated areas. The United Nations has criticized Yemen, and its most powerful backer, Saudi Arabia, for their reported use of cluster bombs in heavily populated areas. Yemeni government retracts decision to expel United Nations human rights official from country, which was made as UN intensified criticism of government and its strongest supporter, Saudi Arabia.

Volkswagen should be forced to replace old, diesel-belching school buses as penance for its emissions cover-up. Volkswagen should be forced to replace old, diesel-belching school buses as penance for its emissions cover-up. Op-Ed article by Joshua M Sharfstein and Frances Phillips suggests part of potential $20 billion in fines Volkswagen faces, due to lawsuit filed by Environmental Protection Agency over company's cheating on diesel emissions tests, should be used to replace nation's aging fleet of school buses.

Mike Sherman, a college and pro football coach for 33 years, is bringing his skills to a high school in Eastham, Mass., whose football team went 1-10 in 2015. Mike Sherman, a college and pro football coach for 33 years, is bringing his skills to a high school in Eastham, Mass., whose football team went 1-10 in 2015. Profile of former college and pro football coach Mike Sherman, as he takes on task of coaching football at Nauset Regional High School in Eastham, Massachusetts.

Although some of the most reviled Mubarak-era figures were barred from the election, several other officials or close relatives have seen their political fortunes restored. Although some of the most reviled Mubarak-era figures were barred from the election, several other officials or close relatives have seen their political fortunes restored. Egyptian Parliament is set to be seated for first time in three years, and many of country's  lawmakers either served during Pres Hosni Mubarak's reign or are relatives of those who flourished under Mubarak; critics say return of many of same faces is indication that Parliament is merely window dressing for Pres Abdel Fattah el-Sisi's autocratic rule.

They distort President Obama’s reasonable gun control proposals while peddling simplistic evasions and dangerous misinformation. They distort President Obama’s reasonable gun control proposals while peddling simplistic evasions and dangerous misinformation. Editorial laments all of the 2016 Republican presidential candidates appear to be eager to pander to gun rights crowd and to block any sensible gun control reforms in line with those proposed by Pres Obama; expresses hope that in general election voters will force Republican nominee to address issue of gun violence.

The country’s leaders have turned what should have been a benign, natural slowdown into a chaotic descent. The country’s leaders have turned what should have been a benign, natural slowdown into a chaotic descent. Editorial questions whether China's leaders understand that current economic upheaval signals need to make fundamental changes to way they manage country's economy; underscores degree to which China's problems, and way leaders deal with them, will have ripple effect on global economy.

When gunmen took over federal land in rural Oregon last week, Daryl Johnson, a former Department of Homeland Security official, was not surprised. When gunmen took over federal land in rural Oregon last week, Daryl Johnson, a former Department of Homeland Security official, was not surprised. Daryl Johnson, who worked in now-defunct branch of Dept of Homeland Security that studied threats posed by anti-government militias, says department should be doing more to combat domestic terrorism; issue has returned to fore with takeover of federal wildlife preserve in Oregon.  Johnson feels department should reinstate his department and direct more resources toward monitoring and combating threat of domestic terrorism. 

His ‘Space Age’ collection upended the little black dress. His ‘Space Age’ collection upended the little black dress. Andre Courreges, French designer famous for his space-age looks, and founder of eponymous fashion house that took its place in history of French fashion, dies at age 92.  

Governor Cuomo’s proposal to revitalize Penn Station made New Yorkers perk up. But how much will it cost and how long will it take? Governor Cuomo’s proposal to revitalize Penn Station made New Yorkers perk up. But how much will it cost and how long will it take? Editorial notes that New York Gov Andrew Cuomo's proposal to transform Manhattan's Penn Station, among his plans for overhaul of state's infrastructure, is rehash of one championed by Sen Daniel Patrick Moynihan long ago; welcomes any plan to alter dismal station, but urges Cuomo to fully explain timing and funding of project. 

Victor Oladipo and Nikola Vucevic led the Orlando Magic to an 83-77 victory over the Nets, who have lost nine straight home games. Victor Oladipo and Nikola Vucevic led the Orlando Magic to an 83-77 victory over the Nets, who have lost nine straight home games. NBA Roundup; Orlando Magic defeat Brooklyn Nets, 83-77; other basketball scores noted.

The investigator said he assumed that the older brother of Pope Benedict XVI knew of the abuse when he ran the Bavarian boys’ choir for 30 of the nearly 40 years covered by the inquiry. The investigator said he assumed that the older brother of Pope Benedict XVI knew of the abuse when he ran the Bavarian boys’ choir for 30 of the nearly 40 years covered by the inquiry. Ulrich Weber, lawyer commissioned by Regensburg boys' choir in Bavaria, says at least 231 children in choir were physically or sexually abused over period of almost four decades; choir was led by Rev Georg Ratzinger, brother of former Pope Benedict XVI, for thirty years; mistreatment of boys is attributed primarily to Johann Meier, who died in 1992.

Saba Ahmed, a relative newcomer to the Washington lobbying scene, has taken on the improbable and perhaps ill-fated mission of attracting Muslim voters to the Republican Party. Saba Ahmed, a relative newcomer to the Washington lobbying scene, has taken on the improbable and perhaps ill-fated mission of attracting Muslim voters to the Republican Party. Samuel G Freedman On Religion column profiles Saba Ahmed, founder and leader of Republican Muslim Coalition; notes Ahmed has to battle Republican invective against Muslims and fears that even American Muslims could secretly be terrorists.

Sent into a downward spiral by the death of her mother, Tanya Nickolan found a refuge in art therapy, as well as something to strive toward in the future. Sent into a downward spiral by the death of her mother, Tanya Nickolan found a refuge in art therapy, as well as something to strive toward in the future. Brooklyn Community Services, one of seven organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, helps Tanya Nickolan pay for art supplies so that she can continue practice that helps her with mental issues.

Shortly after swiping onto the wrong subway platform, Tynneal Grant found herself in police custody and being ordered to remove her clothes for a search. Shortly after swiping onto the wrong subway platform, Tynneal Grant found herself in police custody and being ordered to remove her clothes for a search. New York City Police Officer Shaquanna White faces departmental charge of abusing her authority in relation to strip search conducted on Tynneal Grant in 2014 after Grant hopped subway turnstile in Brookyn; Civilian Complaint Review Board claims White has history of illegal strip searches.

Twenty, a Dalmatian given to a firehouse that suffered heavy losses on Sept. 11, 2001, died on Tuesday after years of living among the firefighters. Twenty, a Dalmatian given to a firehouse that suffered heavy losses on Sept. 11, 2001, died on Tuesday after years of living among the firefighters. Twenty, Dalmatian gifted to firefighters of Ladder Company 20 in NoLiTa after several of their members died in Sept 11, 2001 attacks, dies, saddening firefighters; dog provided comfort in aftermath of terrorist attacks and during other times of loss.

Air-quality regulators have reached an agreement with the Southern California Gas Company to capture and burn off some of the natural gas escaping from a blown-out well. Air-quality regulators have reached an agreement with the Southern California Gas Company to capture and burn off some of the natural gas escaping from a blown-out well. Air-quality regulators reach agreement with Southern California Gas Company to capture and burn off natural gas escaping from blown out well.

General José Guillermo García, who was minister of defense in El Salvador in the 1980s, was deported after an immigration judge found he assisted in torture. General José Guillermo García, who was minister of defense in El Salvador in the 1980s, was deported after an immigration judge found he assisted in torture. Authorities deport Gen Jose Guillermo Garcia, former minister of defense in El Salvador, after judge finds he had role in human rights violations in 1980s; Guillermo is arrested at his Florida home and transported to San Salvador. 

As problems grow in Rio de Janeiro State seven months before it hosts the Olympics, its governor, Luiz Fernando de Souza, partly blames a painting that was in his office. As problems grow in Rio de Janeiro State seven months before it hosts the Olympics, its governor, Luiz Fernando de Souza, partly blames a painting that was in his office. Gov Luiz Fernando de Souza of Rio de Janeiro State has attributed some of many problems in state, which include public health emergency in advance of Olympic Games, to negatived energy from painting in his office; de Souza has lifted veil on role superstition plays in Brazilian politics by doing so, and provided fodder for his opponents.

Demonstrations in São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Belo Horizonte reflected resentment over efforts to cover budget shortfalls. Demonstrations in São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Belo Horizonte reflected resentment over efforts to cover budget shortfalls. Bus fare increases in several major Brazilian cities, instituted in response to country's foundering economy, provoke violent protests. 

The woman, briefly abducted in 2012, was kidnapped again by suspected jihadists who scaled the walls of her home. The woman, briefly abducted in 2012, was kidnapped again by suspected jihadists who scaled the walls of her home. Malian officials say Swiss woman Beatrice Stockly, who was abducted in 2012 by Islamic extremists who accused her of promoting Christianity, has been kidnapped again.

President Maithripala Sirisena pardoned a former Tamil Tiger insurgent accused of conspiring to kill him 10 years ago. President Maithripala Sirisena pardoned a former Tamil Tiger insurgent accused of conspiring to kill him 10 years ago. Sri Lankan Pres Maithripala Sirisena pardons former Tamil Tiger Sivaraja Jenivan, man detained since 2005 for conspiring to assassinate him.

States not complying with federal requirements for extra safety features in driving licenses gain a two-year extension before residents must use a passport or other government ID to board a flight. States not complying with federal requirements for extra safety features in driving licenses gain a two-year extension before residents must use a passport or other government ID to board a flight. Department of Homeland Security gives six states and territories until January 2018 to issue drivers licenses with extra safety features per federal requirements; if deadline isn't met, residents of those states will need passport or other official documents to board domestic flights.

Toys “R” Us reported stronger holiday sales despite intense competition from online retailers such as Amazon.com. Toys “R” Us reported stronger holiday sales despite intense competition from online retailers such as Amazon.com. Toys 'R' Us reports sales at stores rose 2 percent over holidays, compared to previous year, despite intense competition from online retailers.

As the Feb. 1 caucuses approach, people in the state’s smaller towns want to see him spend more time among them making personal connections. As the Feb. 1 caucuses approach, people in the state’s smaller towns want to see him spend more time among them making personal connections. Many of Sen Marco Rubio's supporters in Iowa are urging him to hold more campaign events in state, which is standard practice for any candidate who wishes to do well in caucuses; Rubio's unorthodox Iowa strategy and his emphasis on keeping expectations low about his performance in caucuses raises questions about whether he actually hopes to win in Iowa.

A salary cap for college football and men’s basketball players would not break the bank or completely abandon free-market principles. Here’s how it might work. A salary cap for college football and men’s basketball players would not break the bank or completely abandon free-market principles. Here’s how it might work. Joe Nocera Sports Business column argues that salary cap for college coaches and athletic directors would give universities economic means to pay student-athletes small, but fair salary.

Critics say that the change, which would apply to dual citizens and is backed by a Socialist government tiptoeing to the right, would be un-French. Critics say that the change, which would apply to dual citizens and is backed by a Socialist government tiptoeing to the right, would be un-French. France proposes to strip citizenship from French-born dual nationals convicted of terrorism, setting off furious debate.

The seventh edition of this annual celebration of contemporary performance featured a piece that made you think of dance as undomesticated wildlife. The seventh edition of this annual celebration of contemporary performance featured a piece that made you think of dance as undomesticated wildlife. Siobhan Burke reviews dance piece Culture Administration & Trembling, performed by  Jennifer Lacey, Antonija Livingstone, Dominique Petrin and Stephen Thompson, and  New York premiere of solo piece entitled dead, disappears, choreographed and performed by Heather Kravas, at Abrons Art Center as part of American Realness festival. 

Readers respond to an Op-Ed essay by the president calling for the country to join together to fight the gun crisis. Readers respond to an Op-Ed essay by the president calling for the country to join together to fight the gun crisis. 

Four hundred Syrians who were trying to fly to Turkey were stopped at the Beirut airport on Friday and were being forced to return to Damascus instead. Four hundred Syrians who were trying to fly to Turkey were stopped at the Beirut airport on Friday and were being forced to return to Damascus instead. Four hundred Syrians are forced to return to Syria after being stopped at airport in Beirut as they made their way to Turkey because of new Turkish visa regulations; incident show number of ways out of Syria are dwindling for those who wish to flee civil war.

It was the world’s only captive great white shark, a species that has proven difficult to keep in tanks. It was the world’s only captive great white shark, a species that has proven difficult to keep in tanks. 

A potential initial public offering of Saudi Aramco shares poses some risk for investors. A potential initial public offering of Saudi Aramco shares poses some risk for investors. 

The plan affecting inmates ages 18 to 21 was to take effect at the start of this year, but the Correction Department is seeking a postponement after assaults on guards. The plan affecting inmates ages 18 to 21 was to take effect at the start of this year, but the Correction Department is seeking a postponement after assaults on guards. New York City Correction Dept seeks to delay until June implementation of plan to eliminate solitary confinement for prisoners aged 18 to 21, citing recent series of attacks on guards by teenage inmates at Rikers Island; plan was originally scheduled to go into effect in early 2016.

A.J. McCarron will be filling in for Andy Dalton on Saturday, making Pittsburgh a favorite on the road. A.J. McCarron will be filling in for Andy Dalton on Saturday, making Pittsburgh a favorite on the road. 

Dispatches from the red carpet and backstage — and thoughts from our reporters, editors and critics watching the show. Dispatches from the red carpet and backstage — and thoughts from our reporters, editors and critics watching the show. 

Plus: Storefront Academy Harlem’s reception and a party for conservationists. Plus: Storefront Academy Harlem’s reception and a party for conservationists. 

La sociedad se aprovecha del trabajo de las madres y de su contribución no remunerada a la preservación de la raza humana. La sociedad se aprovecha del trabajo de las madres y de su contribución no remunerada a la preservación de la raza humana. 

Plus: Remembering a fashion editor. Plus: Remembering a fashion editor. 

 David Bowie will be honored at a tribute concert at Carnegie Hall featuring the Roots and Cyndi Lauper. David Bowie will be honored at a tribute concert at Carnegie Hall featuring the Roots and Cyndi Lauper.

From Lady Gaga’s black Versace to Kate Hudson’s cutout Michael Kors, the standout looks from the 2016 awards show. From Lady Gaga’s black Versace to Kate Hudson’s cutout Michael Kors, the standout looks from the 2016 awards show. 

A pigcentric episode centered on the fat stock show, a distraction compelling enough to unglue all watchful eyes from little Marigold. A pigcentric episode centered on the fat stock show, a distraction compelling enough to unglue all watchful eyes from little Marigold. 

 Photos from Yemen, Bahrain, Bangladesh and the United Kingdom. Photos from Yemen, Bahrain, Bangladesh and the United Kingdom.

The El Chapo Rolling Stone interview wasn’t the only reason Sean Penn made news on Saturday. The El Chapo Rolling Stone interview wasn’t the only reason Sean Penn made news on Saturday. 

A golfer at Bethpage State Park on Long Island had a great time playing with three deaf partners, who signed their directions and compliments. A golfer at Bethpage State Park on Long Island had a great time playing with three deaf partners, who signed their directions and compliments. 

Check out the red carpet style from the biggest awards show (so far) of 2016. Check out the red carpet style from the biggest awards show (so far) of 2016. 

Check out the red carpet style from the biggest awards show (so far) of 2016. Check out the red carpet style from the biggest awards show (so far) of 2016. 

Dispatches from the red carpet and backstage — and thoughts from our reporters, editors and critics watching the show. Dispatches from the red carpet and backstage — and thoughts from our reporters, editors and critics watching the show. 

 The return of Howard Barkin. The return of Howard Barkin.

 What sorts of measures could improve the safety, if not reduce the availability, of firearms? What sorts of measures could improve the safety, if not reduce the availability, of firearms?

 Mrs. Clinton also brushed aside criticisms by Donald J. Trump and other Republicans about her husband’s past scandals as several presidential candidates hit the talk show circuit Sunday. Mrs. Clinton also brushed aside criticisms by Donald J. Trump and other Republicans about her husband’s past scandals as several presidential candidates hit the talk show circuit Sunday.

KTZ’s vision for men’s fall 2016. KTZ’s vision for men’s fall 2016. 

The latest designs from Gieves & Hawkes. The latest designs from Gieves & Hawkes. 

The fall 2016 show from Dunhill. The fall 2016 show from Dunhill. 

Jeremy Scott’s take on men’s fall 2016 fashion for Moschino. Jeremy Scott’s take on men’s fall 2016 fashion for Moschino. 

Sarah Burton presents fall 2016 men’s wear designs for Alexander McQueen. Sarah Burton presents fall 2016 men’s wear designs for Alexander McQueen. 

 The Leonardo DiCaprio period film had an impressive opening, but was second for the weekend behind “Star Wars: The Force Awakens.” The Leonardo DiCaprio period film had an impressive opening, but was second for the weekend behind “Star Wars: The Force Awakens.”

Fall 2016 designs from Pringle of Scotland. Fall 2016 designs from Pringle of Scotland. 

The awards season begins with the Golden Globes. CBS’s empowered women return in new episodes. And “Je Suis Charlie” looks back at the 2015 terrorist attack on Charlie Hebdo. The awards season begins with the Golden Globes. CBS’s empowered women return in new episodes. And “Je Suis Charlie” looks back at the 2015 terrorist attack on Charlie Hebdo. 

Mexican pork chops, whole roasted cauliflower and more ways to win dinner in the days ahead. Mexican pork chops, whole roasted cauliflower and more ways to win dinner in the days ahead. 

Mr. Raeburn presents his vision for fall 2016 men’s. Mr. Raeburn presents his vision for fall 2016 men’s. 

 Hillary Clinton holds a three-point lead over Senator Bernie Sanders in Iowa and Mr. Sanders is up by almost the same margin in New Hampshire according to a new set of surveys from NBC/The Wall Street Journal/Marist. Hillary Clinton holds a three-point lead over Senator Bernie Sanders in Iowa and Mr. Sanders is up by almost the same margin in New Hampshire according to a new set of surveys from NBC/The Wall Street Journal/Marist.

The Sibling and Coach collections, which showed in London, were inspired by everyone from Grace Jones to Bruce Springsteen. The Sibling and Coach collections, which showed in London, were inspired by everyone from Grace Jones to Bruce Springsteen. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: The Treaty of Versailles enters into full force after an exchange of ratifications in 1920. From the International Herald Tribune archives: The Treaty of Versailles enters into full force after an exchange of ratifications in 1920.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: The prime minister of India dies after signing the Tashkent Declaration in 1966. From the International Herald Tribune archives: The prime minister of India dies after signing the Tashkent Declaration in 1966.

Designs from James Long’s fall 2016 show. Designs from James Long’s fall 2016 show. 

J. W. Anderson’s vision for men’s fall 2016. J. W. Anderson’s vision for men’s fall 2016. 

The fall 2016 men’s collection from Margaret Howell. The fall 2016 men’s collection from Margaret Howell. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: President Roosevelt introduces a defense bill in Congress in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: President Roosevelt introduces a defense bill in Congress in 1941.

 Taking the lead role in parenting, and supporting a spouse’s career, isn’t necessarily a compromise. Taking the lead role in parenting, and supporting a spouse’s career, isn’t necessarily a compromise.

Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. 

Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. 

Here is what you need to know about the secret mountaintop meeting between Sean Penn and the drug lord Joaquín Guzmán Loera, also known as “El Chapo.” Here is what you need to know about the secret mountaintop meeting between Sean Penn and the drug lord Joaquín Guzmán Loera, also known as “El Chapo.” 

Quotation of the Day for Sunday, January 10, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Sunday, January 10, 2016. 

Corrections appearing in print on Sunday, January 10, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Sunday, January 10, 2016. 

Bengals fans suffered through the league’s longest playoff drought before witnessing their team’s stirring comeback and subsequent collapse Saturday, which resulted in the Steelers’ 18-16 victory. Bengals fans suffered through the league’s longest playoff drought before witnessing their team’s stirring comeback and subsequent collapse Saturday, which resulted in the Steelers’ 18-16 victory. Pittsburgh Steelers defeat Cincinnati Bengals, 18-16, in wild-card playoff game.

The bride works for New York Public Radio, and the groom is an investment bank executive. The bride works for New York Public Radio, and the groom is an investment bank executive. 

The bride, a lawyer, and the groom, who works for a venture capital firm, met at Harvard. The bride, a lawyer, and the groom, who works for a venture capital firm, met at Harvard. 

The couple met at a birthday party for the groom, held on Valentine’s Day in 2013. The couple met at a birthday party for the groom, held on Valentine’s Day in 2013. 

The couple met in 2013 at a break-the-fast meal after Yom Kippur. The couple met in 2013 at a break-the-fast meal after Yom Kippur. 

The couple met in 2010 while working at the Jewish Community Center of Greater Washington. The couple met in 2010 while working at the Jewish Community Center of Greater Washington. 

California Chrome returned to racing after a nine-month layoff, winning the $200,000 San Pasqual Stakes, for older horses, by one and a quarter lengths in Arcadia, Calif. California Chrome returned to racing after a nine-month layoff, winning the $200,000 San Pasqual Stakes, for older horses, by one and a quarter lengths in Arcadia, Calif. California Chrome wins $200,000 San Pasqual Stakes in Arcadia, Calif, five-year-old's first race after nine-month layoff.

Mo Farah, in his first race of 2016, finished second to Garrett Heath of the United States at the rainy Great Edinburgh Cross Country men’s race. Mo Farah, in his first race of 2016, finished second to Garrett Heath of the United States at the rainy Great Edinburgh Cross Country men’s race. Garrett Heath wins 2016 Great Edinburgh Cross Country men's race, with Mo Farah finishing second.

The groom kneeled down in the construction site, wearing a hard at and orange vest, to propose to his bride, who was dressed exactly the same way. The groom kneeled down in the construction site, wearing a hard at and orange vest, to propose to his bride, who was dressed exactly the same way. 

The groom built a cardboard house for his beloved, and attached a proposal to it. The groom built a cardboard house for his beloved, and attached a proposal to it. 

A Bolivian spectator was killed at the Dakar Rally when he was hit by a car driven by the Frenchman Lionel Baud during the seventh stage, from Bolivia to Argentina, the event organizers said. A Bolivian spectator was killed at the Dakar Rally when he was hit by a car driven by the Frenchman Lionel Baud during the seventh stage, from Bolivia to Argentina, the event organizers said. 

The couple work in Los Angeles, where she is a doctor and he is a bank vice president. They met in the lounge of a New York hotel. The couple work in Los Angeles, where she is a doctor and he is a bank vice president. They met in the lounge of a New York hotel. 

The bride is a professor and author; the groom is a retired police detective. The bride is a professor and author; the groom is a retired police detective. 

Carson Wentz threw for a touchdown and ran for two more scores in his first game since mid-October. Carson Wentz threw for a touchdown and ran for two more scores in his first game since mid-October. North Dakota State defeats Jacksonville State, 37-10, to advance to Football Championship Subdivision championship for record fifth consecutive time.

Melo Trimble hit a long 3-pointer with 1.2 seconds left to lift No. 3 Maryland to a 63-60 win at Wisconsin (9-8, 1-3 Big Ten). Melo Trimble hit a long 3-pointer with 1.2 seconds left to lift No. 3 Maryland to a 63-60 win at Wisconsin (9-8, 1-3 Big Ten). 

Jordan Spieth capped another strong performance with a 10-foot eagle for an eight-under-par 65, giving him a five-stroke lead over Brooks Koepka going into the final round of the Hyundai Tournament of Champions in Kapalua, Hawaii. Jordan Spieth capped another strong performance with a 10-foot eagle for an eight-under-par 65, giving him a five-stroke lead over Brooks Koepka going into the final round of the Hyundai Tournament of Champions in Kapalua, Hawaii. Jordan Spieth takes third round lead at Hyundai Tournament of Champions golf tournament in Kapalua, Hawaii; other golf news noted.

Facing severe budget cuts in almost all aspects of the Games, the Rio de Janeiro Olympics have been buttressed by the Japanese electronics company’s Panasonic signing on as a sponsor of the opening and closing ceremony. Facing severe budget cuts in almost all aspects of the Games, the Rio de Janeiro Olympics have been buttressed by the Japanese electronics company’s Panasonic signing on as a sponsor of the opening and closing ceremony. 

Sergeant Stone was one of those who subdued a gunman on a train in France, and he had a second near-death experience in Sacramento, where he was stabbed outside a bar. Sergeant Stone was one of those who subdued a gunman on a train in France, and he had a second near-death experience in Sacramento, where he was stabbed outside a bar. Staff Sgt Spencer Stone, one of American service members who subdued gunman aboard train in France in August, will attend State of the Union address as guest of Pres Obama.

ELLENBERG--James Louis, formerly of Rye Brook NY, age 75, passed away January 9th, 2016. He is predeceased by his loving wife Joan Ellenberg, and his parents Louis and Claire Ellenberg. Jim is survived by his devoted sons, Larry (Robin) and Gregg (Tatum) and his adored grandchildren, Jordan, Max and Hatty as well as his loving sister Judi Falk (Maurice) Private funeral will be Monday followed by Shiva held Monday and Tuesday 4-8:30pm. Contact family for address. 1/3 ELLENBERG--James Louis, formerly of Rye Brook NY, age 75, passed away January 9th, 2016. He is predeceased by his loving wife Joan Ellenberg, and his parents Louis and Claire Ellenberg. Jim is survived by his devoted sons, Larry (Robin) and Gregg (Tatum) and his adored grandchildren, Jordan, Max and Hatty as well as his loving sister Judi Falk (Maurice) Private funeral will be Monday followed by Shiva held Monday and Tuesday 4-8:30pm. Contact family for address. 1/3 

SWADOS--Elizabeth "Liz." The Mercer-Houston Dog Run community mourns the loss of our beloved member. This incandescent spirit enhanced us through her deep humanity, integrity, and singular talent. We cherish her memory. Our heartfelt sympathies to her devoted wife, Roz, and gentle pats to Clementine and Leo. 1/3 SWADOS--Elizabeth "Liz." The Mercer-Houston Dog Run community mourns the loss of our beloved member. This incandescent spirit enhanced us through her deep humanity, integrity, and singular talent. We cherish her memory. Our heartfelt sympathies to her devoted wife, Roz, and gentle pats to Clementine and Leo. 1/3 

GLANTZ--Irwin L.,91, died peacefully at home on December 26, 2015 after a brief illness, with his loving family at his side. He is survived by his beloved wife of 62 years, Gene; devoted children Paul, Judith Kingman, and Robert; grandchildren Alexander and Garrett Kingman and Michelle and David Glantz, and nephew Bruce Kauderer. A consummate gentleman, he was a World War II veteran, lawyer, founder of real estate development, investment and management firm, Windsor Properties, and esteemed patriarch of his extended family. His patience, wisdom, optimism, generosity and strong family values will be sorely missed by all who were privileged to know him. Laid to rest in Sharon Gardens, Valhalla, New York on December 28, 2015. 1/3 GLANTZ--Irwin L.,91, died peacefully at home on December 26, 2015 after a brief illness, with his loving family at his side. He is survived by his beloved wife of 62 years, Gene; devoted children Paul, Judith Kingman, and Robert; grandchildren Alexander and Garrett Kingman and Michelle and David Glantz, and nephew Bruce Kauderer. A consummate gentleman, he was a World War II veteran, lawyer, founder of real estate development, investment and management firm, Windsor Properties, and esteemed patriarch of his extended family. His patience, wisdom, optimism, generosity and strong family values will be sorely missed by all who were privileged to know him. Laid to rest in Sharon Gardens, Valhalla, New York on December 28, 2015. 1/3 

KAYE--Hon. Judith S. The Fordham Law community is deeply saddened by the death of Hon. Judith S. Kaye, former Chief Judge of the New State Court of Appeals. She was a great friend of Fordham Law School and its alumni, particularly those serving in the state and federal judiciary. Over the years, she wrote for the Fordham Law Review and other journals, and she inspired students, graduates, and alumni with her remarks at the school's diploma ceremony, conferences, and lecture series. The school honored her in 2002 with the Fordham- Stein Prize, which is presented annually to a member of the legal profession whose work embodies the highest standards of the legal profession. In 2012, she participated in a special conversation alongside retired Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor that canvassed their concerns about the election of judges, the importance of civic education and involvement for lawyers, and their pathbreaking appointments as the first women to hold their respective judicial roles. In addition to her jurisprudence, her administrative impact will leave an indelible mark on the office of Chief Judge of the State of New York. We extend our deepest sympathy to her colleagues at Skadden Arps and her family. Matthew Diller, Dean Fordham Law School 1/3 KAYE--Hon. Judith S. The Fordham Law community is deeply saddened by the death of Hon. Judith S. Kaye, former Chief Judge of the New State Court of Appeals. She was a great friend of Fordham Law School and its alumni, particularly those serving in the state and federal judiciary. Over the years, she wrote for the Fordham Law Review and other journals, and she inspired students, graduates, and alumni with her remarks at the school's diploma ceremony, conferences, and lecture series. The school honored her in 2002 with the Fordham- Stein Prize, which is presented annually to a member of the legal profession whose work embodies the highest standards of the legal profession. In 2012, she participated in a special conversation alongside retired Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor that canvassed their concerns about the election of judges, the importance of civic education and involvement for lawyers, and their pathbreaking appointments as the first women to hold their respective judicial roles. In addition to her jurisprudence, her administrative impact will leave an indelible mark on the office of Chief Judge of the State of New York. We extend our deepest sympathy to her colleagues at Skadden Arps and her family. Matthew Diller, Dean Fordham Law School 1/3 

SINGER--David. 1927-2010 I love you more & I miss you more with each passing day. Jeannie and your dear family 1/3 SINGER--David. 1927-2010 I love you more & I miss you more with each passing day. Jeannie and your dear family 1/3 

GOLD--Debra (Fridovich), on January 6, 2016, age 103. Beloved wife of the late Theodore. Loving and devoted mother of William (Nili) and the late Jeffrey. Cherished grandmother of Avitai (Jocelyn) and Doria. Special great-grandmother of Elijah and Tali. Dear sister of the late Asenath (Ben) Rosenberg, Renee (Jack) Leeb, Louis (Sylvia) Fridovich, Joseph (Rhoda) Fridovich and Zelig (Rae) Fridovich. Adored aunt and great-aunt to many. Donations may be made to the Yeshivah of Flatbush Scholarship Fund. Services were held January 8. 1/3 GOLD--Debra (Fridovich), on January 6, 2016, age 103. Beloved wife of the late Theodore. Loving and devoted mother of William (Nili) and the late Jeffrey. Cherished grandmother of Avitai (Jocelyn) and Doria. Special great-grandmother of Elijah and Tali. Dear sister of the late Asenath (Ben) Rosenberg, Renee (Jack) Leeb, Louis (Sylvia) Fridovich, Joseph (Rhoda) Fridovich and Zelig (Rae) Fridovich. Adored aunt and great-aunt to many. Donations may be made to the Yeshivah of Flatbush Scholarship Fund. Services were held January 8. 1/3 

FREIWALD--Benjamin, passed away December 22nd, 2015 in Hollywood, California. Benjamin is predeceased by his mother Kathleen Preston Knight. He is survived by his father Joshua Freiwald, sister Jessica Watt, partner and mother of his child Laura Strayer, and daughter Imogen Freiwald. His family and friends laid him to rest in The Garden of Legends at Hollywood Forever on Friday, January 8th, 2016. Benjamin was born on May 12th, 1963 at Kaiser Hospital San Francisco. Benjamin is a long standing member of the ACLU. Donations in his memory can made at www.aclu.org/freiwald. 1/3 FREIWALD--Benjamin, passed away December 22nd, 2015 in Hollywood, California. Benjamin is predeceased by his mother Kathleen Preston Knight. He is survived by his father Joshua Freiwald, sister Jessica Watt, partner and mother of his child Laura Strayer, and daughter Imogen Freiwald. His family and friends laid him to rest in The Garden of Legends at Hollywood Forever on Friday, January 8th, 2016. Benjamin was born on May 12th, 1963 at Kaiser Hospital San Francisco. Benjamin is a long standing member of the ACLU. Donations in his memory can made at www.aclu.org/freiwald. 1/3 

BOESCHENSTEIN--Josephine "Molly." Freedom Institute extends its sympathy to the family of Josephine "Molly" Boeschenstein, a former Board Member and wonderful friend. Her support of our work in the prevention and treatment of alcohol and substance abuse and addiction was unwavering. Molly's generosity and commitment to our cause leaves a lasting legacy. With gratitude, Freedom Institute. 1/3 BOESCHENSTEIN--Josephine "Molly." Freedom Institute extends its sympathy to the family of Josephine "Molly" Boeschenstein, a former Board Member and wonderful friend. Her support of our work in the prevention and treatment of alcohol and substance abuse and addiction was unwavering. Molly's generosity and commitment to our cause leaves a lasting legacy. With gratitude, Freedom Institute. 1/3 

SIEGEL--Peter L. It is with heavy hearts, we announce that Peter L. Siegel died January 6, 2016 due to complications from a bone marrow transplant for the treatment of Leukemia. Peter was born in New York City on March 24, 1950 and grew up in Great Neck, NY. He has a BA from the University of Mass. Amherst, and holds two masters degrees from the University of Chicago. He was a passionate sailor and resided in Brooklyn, NY. He is survived by his sister and brother-in-law, Deborah and William Cosentino, seven cousins, as well as his very dear friends Dave Turner and Christine Benner. He is and will be greatly missed. We will be holding a memorial service for Peter this spring in New York City, time and location to be announced. 1/3 SIEGEL--Peter L. It is with heavy hearts, we announce that Peter L. Siegel died January 6, 2016 due to complications from a bone marrow transplant for the treatment of Leukemia. Peter was born in New York City on March 24, 1950 and grew up in Great Neck, NY. He has a BA from the University of Mass. Amherst, and holds two masters degrees from the University of Chicago. He was a passionate sailor and resided in Brooklyn, NY. He is survived by his sister and brother-in-law, Deborah and William Cosentino, seven cousins, as well as his very dear friends Dave Turner and Christine Benner. He is and will be greatly missed. We will be holding a memorial service for Peter this spring in New York City, time and location to be announced. 1/3 

HOWAT--Anne Hadley. 27 September 1937 - 5 January 2016. Executive volunteer in family planning through EngenderHealth. She was married to her best friend Jock, who died in June, for 57 years. She was a loving mother to her daughters, Karen and Laura, both surviving, and a kind and engaging friend to many. In lieu of flowers, please send donations to EngenderHealth, New York City. Memorial plans are to be determined. 1/3 HOWAT--Anne Hadley. 27 September 1937 - 5 January 2016. Executive volunteer in family planning through EngenderHealth. She was married to her best friend Jock, who died in June, for 57 years. She was a loving mother to her daughters, Karen and Laura, both surviving, and a kind and engaging friend to many. In lieu of flowers, please send donations to EngenderHealth, New York City. Memorial plans are to be determined. 1/3 

LIBERTINI--Richard Joseph, actor, died January 7, after a two year battle against cancer. He was born nearly 83 years ago in Cambridge, MA to Esther and Rocco Libertini. He graduated from Emerson College and was partner with MacIntyre Dixon and Linda Segal in the uproarious act they named, "Stewed Prunes" which played in coffee houses in New York, Los Angeles, and Chicago. His first Broadway play was in Woody Allen's "Don't Drink the Water." His last was in Allen's "Relatively Speaking" in 2011-12. Richard worked in a number of television series, and movies, most notably as the Guru in the film, "All of Me," and the crazy General in "The In-laws." He is survived by his son Richard, a musician, sister Alice Langone, brother Albert, brother-in-law Mike Langone, sister-in-law Catherine Dillon, cousin Mario Libertini of Abruzzi, Italy, beloved nieces and nephews, former wife, and friend Melinda Dillon, and many true and great friends. A memorial service will be held in the future. 1/3 LIBERTINI--Richard Joseph, actor, died January 7, after a two year battle against cancer. He was born nearly 83 years ago in Cambridge, MA to Esther and Rocco Libertini. He graduated from Emerson College and was partner with MacIntyre Dixon and Linda Segal in the uproarious act they named, "Stewed Prunes" which played in coffee houses in New York, Los Angeles, and Chicago. His first Broadway play was in Woody Allen's "Don't Drink the Water." His last was in Allen's "Relatively Speaking" in 2011-12. Richard worked in a number of television series, and movies, most notably as the Guru in the film, "All of Me," and the crazy General in "The In-laws." He is survived by his son Richard, a musician, sister Alice Langone, brother Albert, brother-in-law Mike Langone, sister-in-law Catherine Dillon, cousin Mario Libertini of Abruzzi, Italy, beloved nieces and nephews, former wife, and friend Melinda Dillon, and many true and great friends. A memorial service will be held in the future. 1/3 

WIGDER--Harriet (Fein). We regret to announce the untimely passing of Harriet (Fein) Wigder. Harriet was born in Brooklyn, NY on June 23, 1930 to Betty and Victor Fein. She was a graduate of Hunter College and obtained a Master of Arts degrees from Teachers College, Columbia University. Harriet was an elementary school teacher in the New York City public school system. She had a special fondness for children, their education and integration into the mainstream of New York cultural life. Harriet was an early devotee of the fledgling State of Israel and visited Israel in her teenage years and many times thereafter. She was married to Dr. Bernard Wigder and they lived in Riverdale, New York for many years. They were actively involved in community charitable activities and were supportive of the Jewish Theological Seminary and the Riverdale Jewish Center. In retirement the Wigders lived in Pembroke Pines, Florida and continued their participation there in communal affairs. Bernard died in 2005. Harriet remained the beloved matriarch of her family and the extended Feinzeig clan. She passed away last Shabbat afternoon, January 2, 2016 with her immediate family in attendance. Harriet leaves her brother Jack, her sister-in- law Karin and her niece Shifra, who treasure her memory. Contributions in her name should be directed to the Hadassah Women's Organization. 1/3 WIGDER--Harriet (Fein). We regret to announce the untimely passing of Harriet (Fein) Wigder. Harriet was born in Brooklyn, NY on June 23, 1930 to Betty and Victor Fein. She was a graduate of Hunter College and obtained a Master of Arts degrees from Teachers College, Columbia University. Harriet was an elementary school teacher in the New York City public school system. She had a special fondness for children, their education and integration into the mainstream of New York cultural life. Harriet was an early devotee of the fledgling State of Israel and visited Israel in her teenage years and many times thereafter. She was married to Dr. Bernard Wigder and they lived in Riverdale, New York for many years. They were actively involved in community charitable activities and were supportive of the Jewish Theological Seminary and the Riverdale Jewish Center. In retirement the Wigders lived in Pembroke Pines, Florida and continued their participation there in communal affairs. Bernard died in 2005. Harriet remained the beloved matriarch of her family and the extended Feinzeig clan. She passed away last Shabbat afternoon, January 2, 2016 with her immediate family in attendance. Harriet leaves her brother Jack, her sister-in- law Karin and her niece Shifra, who treasure her memory. Contributions in her name should be directed to the Hadassah Women's Organization. 1/3 

BOULEZ--Pierre. The Directors of the Amphion Foundation, Inc. acknowledge with deep regret and sorrow the passing of Pierre Boulez, longtime friend and colleague of our founder, Elliott Carter. Their close relationship began in 1955 when Carter attended the premiere of "Le Marteau Sans Maitre" and continued without interruption until Carter's passing in 2012. Although he will be greatly missed by many, his stature as a preeminent composer and conductor, and his devotion to contemporary music, has created a permanent legacy which will continue to influence the development of music for many years to come. The Amphion Foundation, Inc. Virgil Blackwell, President James M. Kendrick, Secretary 1/3 BOULEZ--Pierre. The Directors of the Amphion Foundation, Inc. acknowledge with deep regret and sorrow the passing of Pierre Boulez, longtime friend and colleague of our founder, Elliott Carter. Their close relationship began in 1955 when Carter attended the premiere of "Le Marteau Sans Maitre" and continued without interruption until Carter's passing in 2012. Although he will be greatly missed by many, his stature as a preeminent composer and conductor, and his devotion to contemporary music, has created a permanent legacy which will continue to influence the development of music for many years to come. The Amphion Foundation, Inc. Virgil Blackwell, President James M. Kendrick, Secretary 1/3 

CHUBB--Hendon. Hendon Chubb, an eccentric polymath, died suddenly January 3rd. He was a husband, father, grandfather, brother, artist, writer, psychologist, dog-lover, Yale graduate, rug designer, director and CFO of a Fortune 500 Company, honorary Girl Scout, gardener, officer of the American Cycad Society, vintner, army veteran, civil rights election monitor, early programmer, lover of France, Justice of the Peace, and poet. He was much loved by many and is sorely missed. A service will be held in the spring. 1/3 CHUBB--Hendon. Hendon Chubb, an eccentric polymath, died suddenly January 3rd. He was a husband, father, grandfather, brother, artist, writer, psychologist, dog-lover, Yale graduate, rug designer, director and CFO of a Fortune 500 Company, honorary Girl Scout, gardener, officer of the American Cycad Society, vintner, army veteran, civil rights election monitor, early programmer, lover of France, Justice of the Peace, and poet. He was much loved by many and is sorely missed. A service will be held in the spring. 1/3 

HOCHSWENDER--Woody, June 20, 1951, to December 31, 2015. His name was Wiliam Joseph Hochswender III, but everyone knew him as Woody. For many, he was the lanky, redheaded and perennially boyish fashion and style reporter for The New York Times, Harper's Bazaar, Esquire and Golf. For others, he was an inspirational practitioner of Nichiren Buddhism: he brought comfort, joy and wisdom to many through his example, his guidance and his two books, "The Buddha in Your Mirror" and "The Buddha in Your Rearview Mirror." In Sharon, CT, where he had lived since 1993, he was known as a quirky character with memorable pickup trucks (his beautiful golden retriever, Lola, nearly always along for the ride) and a passion for swimming, biking and otherwise enjoying the beauty around him. For his daughter, Kate, he was her biggest cheerleader as well as the person who always encouraged her to set a high standard and then meet it. He adored her, and she adored him. A true journalist, Woody was interested in everything; for the past few years, he was able to travel widely and meet interesting people in the company of his girlfriend, Kirsten Jensen. His daughter and former wife, Cynthia, were glad that he was able to enrich his life and expand his horizons with Kirsten before his death, from a glioblastoma tumor, on December 31. For a full obituary and details of his January 17 memorial service in Lakeville, CT, go to his memorial website at www.forevermissed.com. 1/3 HOCHSWENDER--Woody, June 20, 1951, to December 31, 2015. His name was Wiliam Joseph Hochswender III, but everyone knew him as Woody. For many, he was the lanky, redheaded and perennially boyish fashion and style reporter for The New York Times, Harper's Bazaar, Esquire and Golf. For others, he was an inspirational practitioner of Nichiren Buddhism: he brought comfort, joy and wisdom to many through his example, his guidance and his two books, "The Buddha in Your Mirror" and "The Buddha in Your Rearview Mirror." In Sharon, CT, where he had lived since 1993, he was known as a quirky character with memorable pickup trucks (his beautiful golden retriever, Lola, nearly always along for the ride) and a passion for swimming, biking and otherwise enjoying the beauty around him. For his daughter, Kate, he was her biggest cheerleader as well as the person who always encouraged her to set a high standard and then meet it. He adored her, and she adored him. A true journalist, Woody was interested in everything; for the past few years, he was able to travel widely and meet interesting people in the company of his girlfriend, Kirsten Jensen. His daughter and former wife, Cynthia, were glad that he was able to enrich his life and expand his horizons with Kirsten before his death, from a glioblastoma tumor, on December 31. For a full obituary and details of his January 17 memorial service in Lakeville, CT, go to his memorial website at www.forevermissed.com. 1/3 

WEISSMAN--Julia Zlabovsky, 98, died on October 15, 2015 after a brief illness. Born in El Paso, Texas, she graduated from the College of Mines and Metallurgy of the University of Texas and later settled in New York City to pursue a career as a writer and editor. As author or co-author, she published books and articles in many areas of the arts and crafts, including folk art, needlework and cooking. She was predeceased by her sisters, Vera Zlabovsky and Esther Boxer and by her brothers Isador (Saul) Stuart and David Stuart. She is survived by her daughter Erica Weissman, brother Frank Stuart, nephew David Stuart, nieces Elizabeth Stuart and Rebecca Orlowski (Steven), and grandnephews Jesse, Derek, and Paul Orlowski. 1/3 WEISSMAN--Julia Zlabovsky, 98, died on October 15, 2015 after a brief illness. Born in El Paso, Texas, she graduated from the College of Mines and Metallurgy of the University of Texas and later settled in New York City to pursue a career as a writer and editor. As author or co-author, she published books and articles in many areas of the arts and crafts, including folk art, needlework and cooking. She was predeceased by her sisters, Vera Zlabovsky and Esther Boxer and by her brothers Isador (Saul) Stuart and David Stuart. She is survived by her daughter Erica Weissman, brother Frank Stuart, nephew David Stuart, nieces Elizabeth Stuart and Rebecca Orlowski (Steven), and grandnephews Jesse, Derek, and Paul Orlowski. 1/3 

ROSENBLATT--Helen, on January 8, 2016. Beloved wife of Bob. Loving mother of Neil (Stacey) and Melissa (Mike) Katz. Adored Grandma of Ella, Jenna, and Alex. Cherished sister of Lenny (Ellen) Chess, the late Normie Chess and sister-in-law Kim Chess. Also, survived by many nieces and nephews. Services under the direction of Schwartz Brothers-Jeffer Memorial Chapels. 1/3 ROSENBLATT--Helen, on January 8, 2016. Beloved wife of Bob. Loving mother of Neil (Stacey) and Melissa (Mike) Katz. Adored Grandma of Ella, Jenna, and Alex. Cherished sister of Lenny (Ellen) Chess, the late Normie Chess and sister-in-law Kim Chess. Also, survived by many nieces and nephews. Services under the direction of Schwartz Brothers-Jeffer Memorial Chapels. 1/3 

MEISTER--Bertram, M.D. Happy birthday! If to be remembered is to live on, you will always be with us. Arlene, Lynn and Barbara 1/3 MEISTER--Bertram, M.D. Happy birthday! If to be remembered is to live on, you will always be with us. Arlene, Lynn and Barbara 1/3 

MEYERHOFF--Erich, born 1919 in Braunschweig Germany, died of heart failure on December 26, 2015 in New York City. He was admired, respected, and loved by colleagues, family, and friends. In lieu of flowers, donations to The Socialist Party USA www.tinyurl.com/p5334n6 or The Medical Library Association Scholarship Fund www.tinyurl.com/z5vzk36 will be appreciated. 1/3 MEYERHOFF--Erich, born 1919 in Braunschweig Germany, died of heart failure on December 26, 2015 in New York City. He was admired, respected, and loved by colleagues, family, and friends. In lieu of flowers, donations to The Socialist Party USA www.tinyurl.com/p5334n6 or The Medical Library Association Scholarship Fund www.tinyurl.com/z5vzk36 will be appreciated. 1/3 

BROSS--Arthur, of Poughkeepsie, NY, died Wednesday, December 30, 2015 due to complications from Alzheimer's disease. He was surrounded by his loving family, caregivers and grand dog. Art was born October 17, 1928 in Bronx, NY to the late Joseph and Bessie Bross and preceded in death by five siblings. He was 87 years young. Art served in the Army and Army Reserves, attaining the rank of 1st Lieutenant and he received a National Defense Service Medal. Never one to back down from a challenge, he worked full time while attending City College of New York for his B.S.M.E and M.S.M.E. degrees. Art was a Senior Engineer at IBM Microelectronics in Hopewell Junction, NY, author or editor of three books, and holder of 10 U.S. patents. He loved the country, gardening, birding, antiquing, and barbecuing, with a penchant for overcooked meats. Art was a beloved husband of the late Isabel Beth Bross for 47 years, a devoted father to his two daughters, Judy (Jeff) Bramson of Highland Park, IL and Jill Bross of Westhampton, NY. His two grandchildren, Alex and Nina Bramson were the loves of his life. Memorial donations can be made in Art's memory to the Alzheimer's Association. www.alz.org 1/3 BROSS--Arthur, of Poughkeepsie, NY, died Wednesday, December 30, 2015 due to complications from Alzheimer's disease. He was surrounded by his loving family, caregivers and grand dog. Art was born October 17, 1928 in Bronx, NY to the late Joseph and Bessie Bross and preceded in death by five siblings. He was 87 years young. Art served in the Army and Army Reserves, attaining the rank of 1st Lieutenant and he received a National Defense Service Medal. Never one to back down from a challenge, he worked full time while attending City College of New York for his B.S.M.E and M.S.M.E. degrees. Art was a Senior Engineer at IBM Microelectronics in Hopewell Junction, NY, author or editor of three books, and holder of 10 U.S. patents. He loved the country, gardening, birding, antiquing, and barbecuing, with a penchant for overcooked meats. Art was a beloved husband of the late Isabel Beth Bross for 47 years, a devoted father to his two daughters, Judy (Jeff) Bramson of Highland Park, IL and Jill Bross of Westhampton, NY. His two grandchildren, Alex and Nina Bramson were the loves of his life. Memorial donations can be made in Art's memory to the Alzheimer's Association. www.alz.org 1/3 

KAYE--Hon. Judith S. The lawyers and staff of Proskauer mourn the loss of our friend the Hon. Judith S. Kaye, the former Chief Judge of the State of New York, and wife of our esteemed and beloved late colleague Stephen Rackow Kaye, who served as senior partner and former Chair of our Litigation and Dispute Resolution Department. Judith was one of the nation's most esteemed jurists and public servants of her time. She was a true role model and helped to pave the way for future generations of women to succeed in the law. Judith exemplified the fundamental values of the profession, and we were profoundly privileged to have had Judith as a friend for the last 50 years. 1/3 KAYE--Hon. Judith S. The lawyers and staff of Proskauer mourn the loss of our friend the Hon. Judith S. Kaye, the former Chief Judge of the State of New York, and wife of our esteemed and beloved late colleague Stephen Rackow Kaye, who served as senior partner and former Chair of our Litigation and Dispute Resolution Department. Judith was one of the nation's most esteemed jurists and public servants of her time. She was a true role model and helped to pave the way for future generations of women to succeed in the law. Judith exemplified the fundamental values of the profession, and we were profoundly privileged to have had Judith as a friend for the last 50 years. 1/3 

KASPER--Anne, 1917-2015. Beloved wife and mother. Widow of Irving Kasper, mother of Marvin, Orlando, FL and Carol R. Hannan of Pasadena CA. Interment, Cedar Park. 1/3 KASPER--Anne, 1917-2015. Beloved wife and mother. Widow of Irving Kasper, mother of Marvin, Orlando, FL and Carol R. Hannan of Pasadena CA. Interment, Cedar Park. 1/3 

KATZ--Peggy Roselle, born May 29, 1945 on Long Island, NY to Ellen Rowsell and George A. Goldstein, died December 1, 2015 in Atlanta, GA. She is survived by her brother Andy Goldstein, her children Andrew and Jon Katz, and her grandchildren Sebastian, Nicholas, and Audrey. Her husband, Robert "Bob" Katz, passed in 2013. A true friend, beloved colleague, and adored mom, she will forever remain in our hearts. 1/3 KATZ--Peggy Roselle, born May 29, 1945 on Long Island, NY to Ellen Rowsell and George A. Goldstein, died December 1, 2015 in Atlanta, GA. She is survived by her brother Andy Goldstein, her children Andrew and Jon Katz, and her grandchildren Sebastian, Nicholas, and Audrey. Her husband, Robert "Bob" Katz, passed in 2013. A true friend, beloved colleague, and adored mom, she will forever remain in our hearts. 1/3 

KAYE--Judith S. The fellows of the College of Commercial Arbitrators express profound sadness on the passing of our esteemed colleague, the Hon. Judith S. Kaye. We were honored to have her join the community of arbitrators. She will long be remembered with fondness. Edna Sussman, President, College of Commercial Arbitrators 1/3 KAYE--Judith S. The fellows of the College of Commercial Arbitrators express profound sadness on the passing of our esteemed colleague, the Hon. Judith S. Kaye. We were honored to have her join the community of arbitrators. She will long be remembered with fondness. Edna Sussman, President, College of Commercial Arbitrators 1/3 

BERKOWITZ--Leonard, 89, Professor Emeritus of Psychology and Vilas Research Professor at the University of Wisconsin, died on January 3, 2016 in Madison, WI. Dr. Berkowitz was born in New York City on August 11, 1926. He received his bachelor's degree from NYU and his Ph.D. from the University of Michigan. He served in the United States Army during WWII. Dr. Berkowitz was on the faculty of the University of Wisconsin at Madison from 1955 to 1989. He also held visiting appointments at Stanford, Oxford, Cambridge, and Cornell Universities. He was one of the pioneers in the experimental study of altruism but is, perhaps, best known for studying influences on aggressive behavior, including the effects of television and film violence. Dr. Berkowitz was the author of over 170 articles and books, and is one of the most frequently cited psychologists of the twentieth century. After his retirement, he continued to write in his field, submitting his last article for publication on November 1, 2015. He was an avid world traveler, collector of modern art, follower of world events and opera-goer. Dr. Berkowitz was predeceased by his first wife, Nettie, in 1975. He is survived by his wife of forty years, Norma, and two daughters, two stepsons, five grandchildren, two step-grandsons and a brother. A memorial fund has been established in his honor for the benefit of Psychology graduate students at the UW- Madison. Contributions to the Berkowitz Memorial Fund may be mailed to the University of Wisconsin Foundation, Attn: A. Kitslaar, 1848 University Ave, Madison, WI 53726. 1/3 BERKOWITZ--Leonard, 89, Professor Emeritus of Psychology and Vilas Research Professor at the University of Wisconsin, died on January 3, 2016 in Madison, WI. Dr. Berkowitz was born in New York City on August 11, 1926. He received his bachelor's degree from NYU and his Ph.D. from the University of Michigan. He served in the United States Army during WWII. Dr. Berkowitz was on the faculty of the University of Wisconsin at Madison from 1955 to 1989. He also held visiting appointments at Stanford, Oxford, Cambridge, and Cornell Universities. He was one of the pioneers in the experimental study of altruism but is, perhaps, best known for studying influences on aggressive behavior, including the effects of television and film violence. Dr. Berkowitz was the author of over 170 articles and books, and is one of the most frequently cited psychologists of the twentieth century. After his retirement, he continued to write in his field, submitting his last article for publication on November 1, 2015. He was an avid world traveler, collector of modern art, follower of world events and opera-goer. Dr. Berkowitz was predeceased by his first wife, Nettie, in 1975. He is survived by his wife of forty years, Norma, and two daughters, two stepsons, five grandchildren, two step-grandsons and a brother. A memorial fund has been established in his honor for the benefit of Psychology graduate students at the UW- Madison. Contributions to the Berkowitz Memorial Fund may be mailed to the University of Wisconsin Foundation, Attn: A. Kitslaar, 1848 University Ave, Madison, WI 53726. 1/3 

BAUER--Fred L.,Esq., 64, died January 5, 2016. Survived by his sisters Elaine B. Zamore and Beverly Feller, four nieces and two nephews. Attended NYU and John Marshall Law School. Member of Law Review. Received LLM from New York University. Sole practitioner in Tax Law. 1/3 BAUER--Fred L.,Esq., 64, died January 5, 2016. Survived by his sisters Elaine B. Zamore and Beverly Feller, four nieces and two nephews. Attended NYU and John Marshall Law School. Member of Law Review. Received LLM from New York University. Sole practitioner in Tax Law. 1/3 

KAYE--Hon. Judith. Extraordinary jurist, humanitarian, friend. Her concern for children, families, victims of breast cancer will be perpetuated in the work that she initiated. We shall miss her forever. Sondra Miller 1/3 KAYE--Hon. Judith. Extraordinary jurist, humanitarian, friend. Her concern for children, families, victims of breast cancer will be perpetuated in the work that she initiated. We shall miss her forever. Sondra Miller 1/3 

FULLER--Lee M.,Jr. The Council, past Presidents and members of The University Club mourn the passing of our esteemed friend and beloved former House Committee Chair Lee M. Fuller Jr., A.B., Princeton, '60; J.D., Columbia '65. Lee was our friend and confidant, a patriot and a gentleman. A man of great generosity, he was devoted to his family. He now has a commanding view of the track from above. Our most heartfelt condolences to his wife Vicki, to his son Scott, also a well-respected member of our Club, and to his entire family. Ave atque vale. The University Club 1/3 FULLER--Lee M.,Jr. The Council, past Presidents and members of The University Club mourn the passing of our esteemed friend and beloved former House Committee Chair Lee M. Fuller Jr., A.B., Princeton, '60; J.D., Columbia '65. Lee was our friend and confidant, a patriot and a gentleman. A man of great generosity, he was devoted to his family. He now has a commanding view of the track from above. Our most heartfelt condolences to his wife Vicki, to his son Scott, also a well-respected member of our Club, and to his entire family. Ave atque vale. The University Club 1/3 

DELFINER--Henry, of Lexington, MA passed away January 3, 2016. Born in Vienna, Henry and his sister fled Austria on the day of the Anschluss, coming to the United States via Paris. He graduated from Amherst College in 1943, joined the Army, serving with the 88th Infantry Division in northern Italy. On May 2, 1945, acting as the translator for his commanding officer, Henry took the surrender of a whole German corps, including the First German Parachute Division. Decorated with the Bronze Star, he left the Army as a major. After the War, he was instrumental in reclaiming the family business from the Nazis, thereafter running the Herzmansky Department Store himself. He was also involved with the family business Greene Tweed of Kulpsville, PA through most of his adult life. He received a Ph.D. from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy and taught at Tufts University as a professor of International Relations. His class on "Understanding International News," which he taught in the Experimental College at Tufts was very popular. After retiring from Tufts in 1987, he continued to write scholarly articles about the history of central Europe. In 1999, concerned with a lack of balance in political views in academia, he joined with Hadley Arkes, Edward N. Ney Professor in American Institutions at Amherst College in establishing the Colloquium on the American Founding, a twice-yearly weekend series of lectures and seminars where well-known national figures and influential conservative speakers were invited to present their views. He will be remembered for his kindness and his extraordinary generosity. Beloved husband of Barbara (Schudawa) Delfiner. Devoted father of Hannah Delfiner, Michael Delfiner and his wife Tracey, and Ruth Delfiner and her husband Paul Cooke. Loving brother of Charlotte Sperber. Cherished grandfather of Allon Bloch and his wife Annelise, Benjamin Delfiner, Rebecca Delfiner and her fiance Tom, and Emma Cooke. Proud great-grandfather of Alexander Bloch. 1/3 DELFINER--Henry, of Lexington, MA passed away January 3, 2016. Born in Vienna, Henry and his sister fled Austria on the day of the Anschluss, coming to the United States via Paris. He graduated from Amherst College in 1943, joined the Army, serving with the 88th Infantry Division in northern Italy. On May 2, 1945, acting as the translator for his commanding officer, Henry took the surrender of a whole German corps, including the First German Parachute Division. Decorated with the Bronze Star, he left the Army as a major. After the War, he was instrumental in reclaiming the family business from the Nazis, thereafter running the Herzmansky Department Store himself. He was also involved with the family business Greene Tweed of Kulpsville, PA through most of his adult life. He received a Ph.D. from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy and taught at Tufts University as a professor of International Relations. His class on "Understanding International News," which he taught in the Experimental College at Tufts was very popular. After retiring from Tufts in 1987, he continued to write scholarly articles about the history of central Europe. In 1999, concerned with a lack of balance in political views in academia, he joined with Hadley Arkes, Edward N. Ney Professor in American Institutions at Amherst College in establishing the Colloquium on the American Founding, a twice-yearly weekend series of lectures and seminars where well-known national figures and influential conservative speakers were invited to present their views. He will be remembered for his kindness and his extraordinary generosity. Beloved husband of Barbara (Schudawa) Delfiner. Devoted father of Hannah Delfiner, Michael Delfiner and his wife Tracey, and Ruth Delfiner and her husband Paul Cooke. Loving brother of Charlotte Sperber. Cherished grandfather of Allon Bloch and his wife Annelise, Benjamin Delfiner, Rebecca Delfiner and her fiance Tom, and Emma Cooke. Proud great-grandfather of Alexander Bloch. 1/3 

MCKEAND--Carol Evan, died peacefully on the morning of December 19th, 2015 after a 10 year battle with Alzheimer's. An extremely talented author, television writer and producer (two Emmy nominations and the winner of four of the prestigious Humanitas awards). A true New Yorker, she will be remembered for her engaging, irreverent wit and the loyalty and kindness of a true friend. Dearest Carol... you are deeply missed by your husband Nigel, your daughter Sarah (a.k.a Bishi), your son-in-law Ryan, and your two amazing grandchildren, Olivia, 11 and Griffin, 8. You touched everyone who knew you. A memorial will be held for Carol on January 23rd, 2016 in Beverly Hills. For information, please email carolevan1930@gmail.com. We have loved you through every "Glad and Sorry Season". 1/3 MCKEAND--Carol Evan, died peacefully on the morning of December 19th, 2015 after a 10 year battle with Alzheimer's. An extremely talented author, television writer and producer (two Emmy nominations and the winner of four of the prestigious Humanitas awards). A true New Yorker, she will be remembered for her engaging, irreverent wit and the loyalty and kindness of a true friend. Dearest Carol... you are deeply missed by your husband Nigel, your daughter Sarah (a.k.a Bishi), your son-in-law Ryan, and your two amazing grandchildren, Olivia, 11 and Griffin, 8. You touched everyone who knew you. A memorial will be held for Carol on January 23rd, 2016 in Beverly Hills. For information, please email carolevan1930@gmail.com. We have loved you through every "Glad and Sorry Season". 1/3 

STANLEY--Ted. The Fountain House community and our members, who have been profoundly impacted by Ted and Vada's extraordinary generosity, extend our deep condolences to the Stanley family for its loss. Initially motivated by his son's bipolar disorder, Ted's unparalleled contributions to scientific research improved and extended the lives of countless people with mental illness everywhere. His altruism, advocacy and compassion represent a legacy to be forever respected and cherished. With gratitude and sympathy The Fountain House Board of Directors and President Kenneth J. Dudek 1/3 STANLEY--Ted. The Fountain House community and our members, who have been profoundly impacted by Ted and Vada's extraordinary generosity, extend our deep condolences to the Stanley family for its loss. Initially motivated by his son's bipolar disorder, Ted's unparalleled contributions to scientific research improved and extended the lives of countless people with mental illness everywhere. His altruism, advocacy and compassion represent a legacy to be forever respected and cherished. With gratitude and sympathy The Fountain House Board of Directors and President Kenneth J. Dudek 1/3 

HALPERT--Carolyn McDaniel. The Methodist Home for Nursing and Rehabilitation notes with sorrow the passing of our esteemed, very active Board member, Carolyn Halpert. Her hard work on behalf of the residents will be sorely missed, as well as her gracious presence at our meetings. We extend our sincere condolences to her family and her fellow parishioners at Christ Church United Methodist, where a memorial service will be held on Sunday, January 10 at 2pm. Methodist Home for Nursing and Rehabilitation Maria Perez, Chief Executive Officer Graham Relf, President, Board of Directors 1/3 HALPERT--Carolyn McDaniel. The Methodist Home for Nursing and Rehabilitation notes with sorrow the passing of our esteemed, very active Board member, Carolyn Halpert. Her hard work on behalf of the residents will be sorely missed, as well as her gracious presence at our meetings. We extend our sincere condolences to her family and her fellow parishioners at Christ Church United Methodist, where a memorial service will be held on Sunday, January 10 at 2pm. Methodist Home for Nursing and Rehabilitation Maria Perez, Chief Executive Officer Graham Relf, President, Board of Directors 1/3 

SQUIRE--Annette C. of Boynton Beach, FL, devoted and beloved wife for almost 60 years of the (late) Albert Squire, daughter of the late Irving and Bella (nee Lehman) Cohen, sister of the late Molly Gershen, mother of Jeffrey and Judi Squire, loving grandmother of Evan and Emma Squire, and aunt to Robert and Joe Gershen, Susan Stoll, Susan Albright and Laura Stamm, passed away peacefully surrounded by family on December 8, 2015 at Delray Medical Center following a stroke on December 7. Annette, who turned 90 December 2, graduated with a B.S. from Columbia University School of Nursing and an M.S. from the University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing. Starting her career in New York City for the Visiting Nurse Service, Annette then spent many years in Pennsylvania as a school nurse for the Pennsbury School System. All who knew Annette recognized that she was a caring and skillful nurse and loving mother, aunt, grandmother, sister, daughter, niece, cousin and friend. Annette cared deeply for the people in her life and we all will miss her warm smile, concern, and love. Her family expresses their heartfelt appreciation to her skillful, kind, loving and warm caregivers, Kimberly Barrett and Jacques Clervil. A memorial service is being planned for early 2016. The family knows that Annette would appreciate contributions in her memory to the University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing 215-898-484 nursing.upenn.edu/friends giving, Columbia University School of Nursing, 866-GIFTSYS, or nursing.columbia.edu/giving, a charity benefiting Israel or any charity of your choice. 1/3 SQUIRE--Annette C. of Boynton Beach, FL, devoted and beloved wife for almost 60 years of the (late) Albert Squire, daughter of the late Irving and Bella (nee Lehman) Cohen, sister of the late Molly Gershen, mother of Jeffrey and Judi Squire, loving grandmother of Evan and Emma Squire, and aunt to Robert and Joe Gershen, Susan Stoll, Susan Albright and Laura Stamm, passed away peacefully surrounded by family on December 8, 2015 at Delray Medical Center following a stroke on December 7. Annette, who turned 90 December 2, graduated with a B.S. from Columbia University School of Nursing and an M.S. from the University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing. Starting her career in New York City for the Visiting Nurse Service, Annette then spent many years in Pennsylvania as a school nurse for the Pennsbury School System. All who knew Annette recognized that she was a caring and skillful nurse and loving mother, aunt, grandmother, sister, daughter, niece, cousin and friend. Annette cared deeply for the people in her life and we all will miss her warm smile, concern, and love. Her family expresses their heartfelt appreciation to her skillful, kind, loving and warm caregivers, Kimberly Barrett and Jacques Clervil. A memorial service is being planned for early 2016. The family knows that Annette would appreciate contributions in her memory to the University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing 215-898-484 nursing.upenn.edu/friends giving, Columbia University School of Nursing, 866-GIFTSYS, or nursing.columbia.edu/giving, a charity benefiting Israel or any charity of your choice. 1/3 

SWEENEY--Anne J. 85, passed away in Los Angeles on Friday, December 11, 2015. She was preceded in death by her adoring husband, Donald E. Sweeney, Sr., and her brothers, James (in infancy), Thomas, James, William, and Edward, and her sisters Claire Rose Taber and Marie Becker. She was born on March 1, 1930, in Wilkes-Barre, PA to James J. and Marie O'Connell Tormay. She moved to Onondoga Hill in Syracuse, NY in 1939. She was a communicant of St. Michael's Church in Syracuse. She received her Bachelor of Science degree from the State University of New York Teacher's College at Oswego in 1951, where she was President of the Newman Club. Her great passion in life was teaching and her favorite people were children. She completed her student teaching in Baldwinsville, NY and began her formal career in Liverpool. She moved to the Hudson Valley in the mid fifties and taught in Hudson, NY, and later in the Kingston Consolidated School District for 18 years. She taught second grade at both the Elisha M. Brigham Elementary School and Chambers Elementary School. Her students will remember her ability to do all of the voices when reading "Charlotte's Web" aloud to the class, lessons in "SC" (self control) and her mantra, "Life is Choices." She also taught evening adult education with her husband at John F. Kennedy Elementary School and was CCD instructor at St. Joseph's Roman Catholic Church in Kingston, NY, where she also served as a Eucharistic Minister. She is survived by her three children, Anne M. Sweeney and her husband Philip H. Miller of Los Angeles, Donald E. Sweeney of Kingston, and Rosemary Sweeney Hanczor and her husband, Robert Hanczor of San Diego. She also leaves seven adoring grandchildren - Christopher and Rosemary Miller, Michaela and Shelagh Sweeney, and Catherine, Elizabeth and Brigid Hanczor, as well as a cousin, Rita Tormay of Yonkers, NY and many nieces and nephews. A Funeral Mass was held on December 16 at St. Monica's Catholic Church in Santa Monica, CA, followed by a burial service at Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City, CA. Donations can be made to the Donald E. and Anne J. Sweeney Memorial Scholarship Fund, St Monica Catholic Schools, 1030 Lincoln Blvd., Santa Monica, CA 90043. 1/3 SWEENEY--Anne J. 85, passed away in Los Angeles on Friday, December 11, 2015. She was preceded in death by her adoring husband, Donald E. Sweeney, Sr., and her brothers, James (in infancy), Thomas, James, William, and Edward, and her sisters Claire Rose Taber and Marie Becker. She was born on March 1, 1930, in Wilkes-Barre, PA to James J. and Marie O'Connell Tormay. She moved to Onondoga Hill in Syracuse, NY in 1939. She was a communicant of St. Michael's Church in Syracuse. She received her Bachelor of Science degree from the State University of New York Teacher's College at Oswego in 1951, where she was President of the Newman Club. Her great passion in life was teaching and her favorite people were children. She completed her student teaching in Baldwinsville, NY and began her formal career in Liverpool. She moved to the Hudson Valley in the mid fifties and taught in Hudson, NY, and later in the Kingston Consolidated School District for 18 years. She taught second grade at both the Elisha M. Brigham Elementary School and Chambers Elementary School. Her students will remember her ability to do all of the voices when reading "Charlotte's Web" aloud to the class, lessons in "SC" (self control) and her mantra, "Life is Choices." She also taught evening adult education with her husband at John F. Kennedy Elementary School and was CCD instructor at St. Joseph's Roman Catholic Church in Kingston, NY, where she also served as a Eucharistic Minister. She is survived by her three children, Anne M. Sweeney and her husband Philip H. Miller of Los Angeles, Donald E. Sweeney of Kingston, and Rosemary Sweeney Hanczor and her husband, Robert Hanczor of San Diego. She also leaves seven adoring grandchildren - Christopher and Rosemary Miller, Michaela and Shelagh Sweeney, and Catherine, Elizabeth and Brigid Hanczor, as well as a cousin, Rita Tormay of Yonkers, NY and many nieces and nephews. A Funeral Mass was held on December 16 at St. Monica's Catholic Church in Santa Monica, CA, followed by a burial service at Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City, CA. Donations can be made to the Donald E. and Anne J. Sweeney Memorial Scholarship Fund, St Monica Catholic Schools, 1030 Lincoln Blvd., Santa Monica, CA 90043. 1/3 

KAYE--Hon. Judith S. Judith was a dear, dear friend and colleague. We will miss her terribly. Gloria and Barry Garfinkel 1/3 KAYE--Hon. Judith S. Judith was a dear, dear friend and colleague. We will miss her terribly. Gloria and Barry Garfinkel 1/3 

RYAN--David Francis, beloved husband of Linda Thung-Ryan, died peacefully in his home, Croton on Hudson, NY on January 4th. He was 73. David was born in Yonkers, NY. He graduated from the College of the Holy Cross and the Columbia School of Law. For over 40 years, he practiced Antitrust and Intellectual Property Law, as a partner, at the renowned New York City firms: Kaye Scholar, Fierman, Hays & Handler and Fitzpatrick, Cella, Harper & Scinto. Throughout his life, David was a humanist with a love and encyclopedic knowledge of the arts. He was an avid sports enthusiast. David is survived by his wife Linda; his son David Ryan III (Mary Ryan) and his daughter Deirdre Ryan (Warren Costikyan); six grandchildren; and his siblings, Veronica Plavonich, Judith Ryan, Deborah Johnson, Paul Ryan, Mark Ryan, and Mary Ryan. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the College of the Holy Cross or The Metropolitan Opera. 1/3 RYAN--David Francis, beloved husband of Linda Thung-Ryan, died peacefully in his home, Croton on Hudson, NY on January 4th. He was 73. David was born in Yonkers, NY. He graduated from the College of the Holy Cross and the Columbia School of Law. For over 40 years, he practiced Antitrust and Intellectual Property Law, as a partner, at the renowned New York City firms: Kaye Scholar, Fierman, Hays & Handler and Fitzpatrick, Cella, Harper & Scinto. Throughout his life, David was a humanist with a love and encyclopedic knowledge of the arts. He was an avid sports enthusiast. David is survived by his wife Linda; his son David Ryan III (Mary Ryan) and his daughter Deirdre Ryan (Warren Costikyan); six grandchildren; and his siblings, Veronica Plavonich, Judith Ryan, Deborah Johnson, Paul Ryan, Mark Ryan, and Mary Ryan. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the College of the Holy Cross or The Metropolitan Opera. 1/3 

SULSER--Fridolin, M.D. December 2, 1926 - January 3, 2016. Dr. Fridolin Sulser, who devoted his life to understanding the physiological basis of mental disorders and their treatment, died on January 3, 2016 at age 89, surrounded by loving family. He is survived by his brother, Emil Sulser of Maienfeld, Switzerland, wife, Johanna Mooser Sulser, and children Anna (Sulser) Newton, Adrian Sulser, Daniel Sulser, and Bettina (Sulser) Bryant, along with eight grandchildren and one great-grandchild. Dr. Sulser was born in Grabs, Switzerland and grew up in the town of Maienfeld, amidst his beloved Swiss Alps. He graduated from the Humanistische Gymnasium in Chur in 1947, attended Medical School at the University of Basel (pre-clinical) and the University of Zurich (clinical), graduating with an M.D. in 1955. He served as a medical officer in the Swiss Army, married the love of his life, Johanna, and moved with his wife and infant daughter to begin a position as assistant professor at the University of Bern. The family's great American adventure began in the fall of 1958 when Fridolin accepted a post-doctoral fellowship in Neuropsychopharmacology at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, M.D. Four years later, he went to Burroughs Wellcome Research Labs in New York as Head of Pharmacology. In 1965 he joined the Vanderbilt University Medical School Faculty as professor and Director of the Pharmacology Research Center, becoming a Professor Emeritus of the University in 2000. Dr. Sulser received many honors during his research career, including the prestigious Anna-Monika Prize, and was a Fellow and President of the American College of Neuropsychopharmacology as well as a Fellow of the Collegium International Neuro-Psychopharmacolo- gium. He was a very proud father and grandfather, who celebrated the childrens' successes as they pursued their chosen paths. He found inspiration in nature, literature, philosophy and the fine arts. Memorial Service: January 24 at 4pm at the Greater Nashville Unitarian Universalist Church, 374 Hicks Road, Nashville, TN 37221. In lieu of flowers, please consider donating to the scholarship fund at Vanderbilt School of Medicine "In Memory of Dr. Fridolin Sulser" (Vanderbilt Gift Processing, PMB 407727, 2301 Vanderbilt Place, Nashville, TN 37240-7727) or to the Friends of Radnor Lake "In Memory of Fridolin Sulser" (www.radnorlake.org). 1/3 SULSER--Fridolin, M.D. December 2, 1926 - January 3, 2016. Dr. Fridolin Sulser, who devoted his life to understanding the physiological basis of mental disorders and their treatment, died on January 3, 2016 at age 89, surrounded by loving family. He is survived by his brother, Emil Sulser of Maienfeld, Switzerland, wife, Johanna Mooser Sulser, and children Anna (Sulser) Newton, Adrian Sulser, Daniel Sulser, and Bettina (Sulser) Bryant, along with eight grandchildren and one great-grandchild. Dr. Sulser was born in Grabs, Switzerland and grew up in the town of Maienfeld, amidst his beloved Swiss Alps. He graduated from the Humanistische Gymnasium in Chur in 1947, attended Medical School at the University of Basel (pre-clinical) and the University of Zurich (clinical), graduating with an M.D. in 1955. He served as a medical officer in the Swiss Army, married the love of his life, Johanna, and moved with his wife and infant daughter to begin a position as assistant professor at the University of Bern. The family's great American adventure began in the fall of 1958 when Fridolin accepted a post-doctoral fellowship in Neuropsychopharmacology at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, M.D. Four years later, he went to Burroughs Wellcome Research Labs in New York as Head of Pharmacology. In 1965 he joined the Vanderbilt University Medical School Faculty as professor and Director of the Pharmacology Research Center, becoming a Professor Emeritus of the University in 2000. Dr. Sulser received many honors during his research career, including the prestigious Anna-Monika Prize, and was a Fellow and President of the American College of Neuropsychopharmacology as well as a Fellow of the Collegium International Neuro-Psychopharmacolo- gium. He was a very proud father and grandfather, who celebrated the childrens' successes as they pursued their chosen paths. He found inspiration in nature, literature, philosophy and the fine arts. Memorial Service: January 24 at 4pm at the Greater Nashville Unitarian Universalist Church, 374 Hicks Road, Nashville, TN 37221. In lieu of flowers, please consider donating to the scholarship fund at Vanderbilt School of Medicine "In Memory of Dr. Fridolin Sulser" (Vanderbilt Gift Processing, PMB 407727, 2301 Vanderbilt Place, Nashville, TN 37240-7727) or to the Friends of Radnor Lake "In Memory of Fridolin Sulser" (www.radnorlake.org). 1/3 

KAYE--Judge Judith S. With great sadness the Yeshiva University community mourns the loss of Judge Judith S. Kaye, who was granted an honorary degree from the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law in 1993. Judge Kaye was the first woman to become Chief Judge of New York, serving with great distinction for 16 years, longer than any other chief judge in the state's history. The daughter of Jewish immigrants from Poland, Judge Kaye's distinguished legacy demonstrates her belief in equality before the law, and her commitment to break down barriers in the legal field, and in society at large. Judge Kaye is remembered for the exceptional warmth and generosity she displayed to the Cardozo community, especially in her interactions with students. May her entire family be comforted among all who mourn for Zion and Jerusalem. Richard M. Joel, President, Yeshiva University Melanie Leslie, Dean, Cardozo School of Law 1/3 KAYE--Judge Judith S. With great sadness the Yeshiva University community mourns the loss of Judge Judith S. Kaye, who was granted an honorary degree from the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law in 1993. Judge Kaye was the first woman to become Chief Judge of New York, serving with great distinction for 16 years, longer than any other chief judge in the state's history. The daughter of Jewish immigrants from Poland, Judge Kaye's distinguished legacy demonstrates her belief in equality before the law, and her commitment to break down barriers in the legal field, and in society at large. Judge Kaye is remembered for the exceptional warmth and generosity she displayed to the Cardozo community, especially in her interactions with students. May her entire family be comforted among all who mourn for Zion and Jerusalem. Richard M. Joel, President, Yeshiva University Melanie Leslie, Dean, Cardozo School of Law 1/3 

ROSENBERG--Irving, of Boca Raton, FL, formerly of Oceanside, NY died suddenly January 1, 2016. After distinguished WWII service in the Army Air Force, Irving began a lifelong career with CBS Television, retiring as Director of Film Services. Loving husband and best friend to Alice. Loving father to Amy and Neal, Jane and Walter. Adoring grandfather to Joshua, Jessica, Rachel, Evan, Hannah and Daniel. Doting great-grandfather to Jonah and Koby. 1/3 ROSENBERG--Irving, of Boca Raton, FL, formerly of Oceanside, NY died suddenly January 1, 2016. After distinguished WWII service in the Army Air Force, Irving began a lifelong career with CBS Television, retiring as Director of Film Services. Loving husband and best friend to Alice. Loving father to Amy and Neal, Jane and Walter. Adoring grandfather to Joshua, Jessica, Rachel, Evan, Hannah and Daniel. Doting great-grandfather to Jonah and Koby. 1/3 

O'BRIEN--Mrs. Elva L. of Manhattan, NY died on January 7, 2016. She would have been 97 years of age in February. Mrs. O'Brien was born on February 13, 1919, in West Springfield, Massachusetts to Henry and Mary (Choquette) Brassard. On May 30, 1944, she married Lawrence F. O'Brien, Jr., at St. Joseph's Church in Springfield. Mr. O'Brien went on to twice serve as chairman of the Democratic National Committee, as a senior White House aide to Presidents John Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson, and as Commissioner of the National Basketball Association. They were married for 46 years before Mr. O'Brien passed away in New York City in September of 1990. Mrs. O'Brien resided in Washington, D.C., from 1961-1973, before moving to New York City in 1973 where she lived at 860 U.N. Plaza for more than 40 years. She spent summers at her home in the town of Cotuit on Cape Cod in Massachusetts. A thoughtful and generous philanthropist, Mrs. O'Brien was involved in the Archbishop's Christmas Appeal/Catholic Charities of New York and also supported the New York Public Library, the Cotuit Library Association in Barnstable on Cape Cod, Massachusetts, and the Environmental Film Festival in Washington, D.C. Mrs. O'Brien was instrumental in creating the "Lawrence F. O'Brien Gallery" exhibit space within the National Archives in Washington, D.C. She was fiercely loyal to her family and friends, possessed a keen sense of humor and was a person inclined to speak her mind. Her passion for books and for reading was legendary. Mrs. O'Brien is survived by her beloved son Lawrence F. O'Brien III, and his wife Helen (Powell) O'Brien of Washington, D.C., and her two cherished grandsons Luke O'Brien and Peter O'Brien both also of Washington, D.C. Funeral services will be private. A reception in fond remembrance will be scheduled at a future date. The family requests that any donations in memory of Mrs. O'Brien be made to the New York Public Library/Audio Books Division or Catholic Charities of New York. 1/3 O'BRIEN--Mrs. Elva L. of Manhattan, NY died on January 7, 2016. She would have been 97 years of age in February. Mrs. O'Brien was born on February 13, 1919, in West Springfield, Massachusetts to Henry and Mary (Choquette) Brassard. On May 30, 1944, she married Lawrence F. O'Brien, Jr., at St. Joseph's Church in Springfield. Mr. O'Brien went on to twice serve as chairman of the Democratic National Committee, as a senior White House aide to Presidents John Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson, and as Commissioner of the National Basketball Association. They were married for 46 years before Mr. O'Brien passed away in New York City in September of 1990. Mrs. O'Brien resided in Washington, D.C., from 1961-1973, before moving to New York City in 1973 where she lived at 860 U.N. Plaza for more than 40 years. She spent summers at her home in the town of Cotuit on Cape Cod in Massachusetts. A thoughtful and generous philanthropist, Mrs. O'Brien was involved in the Archbishop's Christmas Appeal/Catholic Charities of New York and also supported the New York Public Library, the Cotuit Library Association in Barnstable on Cape Cod, Massachusetts, and the Environmental Film Festival in Washington, D.C. Mrs. O'Brien was instrumental in creating the "Lawrence F. O'Brien Gallery" exhibit space within the National Archives in Washington, D.C. She was fiercely loyal to her family and friends, possessed a keen sense of humor and was a person inclined to speak her mind. Her passion for books and for reading was legendary. Mrs. O'Brien is survived by her beloved son Lawrence F. O'Brien III, and his wife Helen (Powell) O'Brien of Washington, D.C., and her two cherished grandsons Luke O'Brien and Peter O'Brien both also of Washington, D.C. Funeral services will be private. A reception in fond remembrance will be scheduled at a future date. The family requests that any donations in memory of Mrs. O'Brien be made to the New York Public Library/Audio Books Division or Catholic Charities of New York. 1/3 

KAYE--Hon. Judith S. The trustees of the William Nelson Cromwell Foundation mourn the passing of their longtime colleague Hon. Judith S. Kaye, an extraordinary leader in public service and private practice. George A. Davidson, Chair John D. Gordan, III, Secretary Charles T. Dowling, Treasurer 1/3 KAYE--Hon. Judith S. The trustees of the William Nelson Cromwell Foundation mourn the passing of their longtime colleague Hon. Judith S. Kaye, an extraordinary leader in public service and private practice. George A. Davidson, Chair John D. Gordan, III, Secretary Charles T. Dowling, Treasurer 1/3 

WALTUCH--Randall E. You left us so suddenly a year ago and none of your family will ever be the same again. Your stoic business acumen has proven one of your legacies, along with your kind loving nature. We miss you and will forever. Your loving family 1/3 WALTUCH--Randall E. You left us so suddenly a year ago and none of your family will ever be the same again. Your stoic business acumen has proven one of your legacies, along with your kind loving nature. We miss you and will forever. Your loving family 1/3 

BERG--Ivar E. (1929-2016), an Emeritus Professor of Sociology at the University of Pennsylvania, who made important contributions to the study of higher education, labor markets and industrial sociology, died on January 1, 2016. Dr. Berg's classic book, Education and Jobs: The Great Training Robbery (1970) cast doubt on economists' assertions that people with more education earn more because they are more skilled and productive; instead, employers frequently hire people to work in jobs that do not make use of their education. His book played a major role in a landmark civil rights decision by the U. S. Supreme Court, Griggs vs. Duke Power Company (1971) and was credited with providing the bases of the theory of market signaling, for which Akerlof, Spence, and Stiglitz shared the 2001 Nobel Prize in Economics. Among his many honors, he was elected a Fellow of the International Academy of Management, which cited him as "one of the seminal figures in the sociological study of labor markets and the founder of economic sociology." Born January 3, 1929 in Brooklyn, NY, he earned his AB at Colgate and his doctorate at Harvard. He served in the U.S. Marine Corps, retiring as a major, and on the faculties of Columbia and Vanderbilt, in addition to Penn. Dr. Berg, author of more than 70 articles and chapters and dozen books, leaves a wife, Sharon (Calli) Berg, a son and daughter-in-law, Geoffrey and Amy Berg, and stepsons Tim Smallwood (and his wife, Staci Smallwood) and Jim Smallwood (and his fiance, Catta Keith). 1/3 BERG--Ivar E. (1929-2016), an Emeritus Professor of Sociology at the University of Pennsylvania, who made important contributions to the study of higher education, labor markets and industrial sociology, died on January 1, 2016. Dr. Berg's classic book, Education and Jobs: The Great Training Robbery (1970) cast doubt on economists' assertions that people with more education earn more because they are more skilled and productive; instead, employers frequently hire people to work in jobs that do not make use of their education. His book played a major role in a landmark civil rights decision by the U. S. Supreme Court, Griggs vs. Duke Power Company (1971) and was credited with providing the bases of the theory of market signaling, for which Akerlof, Spence, and Stiglitz shared the 2001 Nobel Prize in Economics. Among his many honors, he was elected a Fellow of the International Academy of Management, which cited him as "one of the seminal figures in the sociological study of labor markets and the founder of economic sociology." Born January 3, 1929 in Brooklyn, NY, he earned his AB at Colgate and his doctorate at Harvard. He served in the U.S. Marine Corps, retiring as a major, and on the faculties of Columbia and Vanderbilt, in addition to Penn. Dr. Berg, author of more than 70 articles and chapters and dozen books, leaves a wife, Sharon (Calli) Berg, a son and daughter-in-law, Geoffrey and Amy Berg, and stepsons Tim Smallwood (and his wife, Staci Smallwood) and Jim Smallwood (and his fiance, Catta Keith). 1/3 

HOWAT--Anne H. EngenderHealth mourns the passing of our friend, colleague, and Board member, Ms. Anne H. Howat. A champion for women's reproductive rights and health, Anne had served on the Board of Directors in various capacities for more than 45 years. Anne will be remembered for her passion for promoting women's rights and informed choice and increasing access to reproductive health services globally. We extend heartfelt condolences to Anne's daughters, Laura and Karen, and the entire family. We are indebted to Anne for her invaluable counsel and guidance, which made EngenderHealth an even stronger and more effective organization. We will miss her dearly. Pamela W. Barnes, President Rob Petty, Chair, Board of Directors EngenderHealth 1/3 HOWAT--Anne H. EngenderHealth mourns the passing of our friend, colleague, and Board member, Ms. Anne H. Howat. A champion for women's reproductive rights and health, Anne had served on the Board of Directors in various capacities for more than 45 years. Anne will be remembered for her passion for promoting women's rights and informed choice and increasing access to reproductive health services globally. We extend heartfelt condolences to Anne's daughters, Laura and Karen, and the entire family. We are indebted to Anne for her invaluable counsel and guidance, which made EngenderHealth an even stronger and more effective organization. We will miss her dearly. Pamela W. Barnes, President Rob Petty, Chair, Board of Directors EngenderHealth 1/3 

KAYE--Judith S. The Historical Society of the New York Courts mourns the loss of our founder and guiding spirit, Judith S. Kaye. We recognize and celebrate that no one has had a more profound, positive impact on our court system. She was New York's first female, and longest serving, Chief Judge, and used her matchless energy and wisdom, heart and soul, to reshape the courts to improve the lives of countless people. She pioneered court innovations based on the premise that the legal system exists to serve the people with fairness and sensitivity. For this she was beloved, nationally and internationally. She neither sought nor basked in the accolades, acknowledging them with a shy smile and a handwritten note combining modesty and gratitude. She could be hilariously funny, but never at anyone else's expense. It is fitting that her memorial service will be held at Lincoln Center as the arts were important in her life, and she could be heard singing in the courthouse corridors. Judith once said she has a 5 to 9 job, arriving at 5am (often with grandmother photos to exchange with maintenance staff) leaving at 9pm, and yet she was always able to be there, undistracted, for her family and friends. Though as a historical society we focus on figures from the past, we were so fortunate to have had one of the nations' leading lights in our midst. She battled her illness with courage and dignity. It seemed to us that the day of her passing would somehow never come. But she was, after all, human. The Historical Society of the New York Courts 1/3 KAYE--Judith S. The Historical Society of the New York Courts mourns the loss of our founder and guiding spirit, Judith S. Kaye. We recognize and celebrate that no one has had a more profound, positive impact on our court system. She was New York's first female, and longest serving, Chief Judge, and used her matchless energy and wisdom, heart and soul, to reshape the courts to improve the lives of countless people. She pioneered court innovations based on the premise that the legal system exists to serve the people with fairness and sensitivity. For this she was beloved, nationally and internationally. She neither sought nor basked in the accolades, acknowledging them with a shy smile and a handwritten note combining modesty and gratitude. She could be hilariously funny, but never at anyone else's expense. It is fitting that her memorial service will be held at Lincoln Center as the arts were important in her life, and she could be heard singing in the courthouse corridors. Judith once said she has a 5 to 9 job, arriving at 5am (often with grandmother photos to exchange with maintenance staff) leaving at 9pm, and yet she was always able to be there, undistracted, for her family and friends. Though as a historical society we focus on figures from the past, we were so fortunate to have had one of the nations' leading lights in our midst. She battled her illness with courage and dignity. It seemed to us that the day of her passing would somehow never come. But she was, after all, human. The Historical Society of the New York Courts 1/3 

KAYE--Judith. The law clerks to Chief Judge Judith S. Kaye deeply mourn the loss of our beloved Chief. A brilliant jurist, scholar, writer, thinker, she served as mentor to us all, our teacher, confidante, cheerleader and friend. Her passion for justice, her commitment to equal rights, her insistence that everything could be made better, powered by boundless energy and a never-ending cascade of new ideas, will continue to inspire us always. Each of us is sustained by treasured memories of the times we spent together, by uproarious laughter born of her mischievous wit. We all feel so lucky to have worked with her, our lives are richer for having known her, and we will miss her terribly. 1/3 KAYE--Judith. The law clerks to Chief Judge Judith S. Kaye deeply mourn the loss of our beloved Chief. A brilliant jurist, scholar, writer, thinker, she served as mentor to us all, our teacher, confidante, cheerleader and friend. Her passion for justice, her commitment to equal rights, her insistence that everything could be made better, powered by boundless energy and a never-ending cascade of new ideas, will continue to inspire us always. Each of us is sustained by treasured memories of the times we spent together, by uproarious laughter born of her mischievous wit. We all feel so lucky to have worked with her, our lives are richer for having known her, and we will miss her terribly. 1/3 

LONSDALE--John Whittaker, "Jack" of Warren, VT, died December 28, 2015, at age 81. Born in New York, Jack graduated of St. Paul's School, Concord, NH, and Harvard College '57. After serving in the United States Navy, Jack worked on Wall Street. In The 1970s, he moved to Vermont to pursue entrepreneurial interests. Jack became a legendary figure in the Sugarbush Valley, he leaves many great friends behind. Jack is survived by his son, Patrick, of Ben Lomond, CA; his sister, Susan Iglehart, of Glyndon, MD; two grandchildren; three nieces and nephews; and six grand nieces and nephews. Funeral services will be conducted by St. Dunston's Episcopal Church at Our Lady of the Snows in Waitsfield, VT on Saturday, January 23, 2016 at 2pm. In lieu of flowers, donations in his memory may be made to High Fives Foundation at: www.highfivesfoundation.org 1/3 LONSDALE--John Whittaker, "Jack" of Warren, VT, died December 28, 2015, at age 81. Born in New York, Jack graduated of St. Paul's School, Concord, NH, and Harvard College '57. After serving in the United States Navy, Jack worked on Wall Street. In The 1970s, he moved to Vermont to pursue entrepreneurial interests. Jack became a legendary figure in the Sugarbush Valley, he leaves many great friends behind. Jack is survived by his son, Patrick, of Ben Lomond, CA; his sister, Susan Iglehart, of Glyndon, MD; two grandchildren; three nieces and nephews; and six grand nieces and nephews. Funeral services will be conducted by St. Dunston's Episcopal Church at Our Lady of the Snows in Waitsfield, VT on Saturday, January 23, 2016 at 2pm. In lieu of flowers, donations in his memory may be made to High Fives Foundation at: www.highfivesfoundation.org 1/3 

SHIELDS--William X.,author of "Bigger Than Life: The Last Great Amateur," the biography of his father, tennis legend Francis Xavier Shields, passed away after a heart attack on January 2nd at his home in Hollywood, FL. He was 66. "Willy" was especially proud of his many years coaching Special Olympic tennis athletes in Florida. His children were his greatest joy and he raised them to meet life with a spirit of radical empathy. He will be well remembered and loved by all who knew him for a particularly keen sense of humor and an indomitable ability to see the good in every situation and in everyone he met. The son of the late Francis X. Shields and the late Katharine M. Blaine, Willy is survived by his wife Janet Lynn Shields, his children Morgan Christina Shields and Holton Joseph Shields, and his siblings Marina Shields Contardi, Christine Mortimer Biddle, Katharine Shields and Walker Blaine. 1/3 SHIELDS--William X.,author of "Bigger Than Life: The Last Great Amateur," the biography of his father, tennis legend Francis Xavier Shields, passed away after a heart attack on January 2nd at his home in Hollywood, FL. He was 66. "Willy" was especially proud of his many years coaching Special Olympic tennis athletes in Florida. His children were his greatest joy and he raised them to meet life with a spirit of radical empathy. He will be well remembered and loved by all who knew him for a particularly keen sense of humor and an indomitable ability to see the good in every situation and in everyone he met. The son of the late Francis X. Shields and the late Katharine M. Blaine, Willy is survived by his wife Janet Lynn Shields, his children Morgan Christina Shields and Holton Joseph Shields, and his siblings Marina Shields Contardi, Christine Mortimer Biddle, Katharine Shields and Walker Blaine. 1/3 

KAYE--Judith, was the most extraordinary combination of brilliance, dignity, warmth, humanity, elegance, integrity, sweetness, eloquence, wisdom, grace, compassion and inner and outer beauty of anyone I have ever known. I will miss her forever. Clare Hogenauer 1/3 KAYE--Judith, was the most extraordinary combination of brilliance, dignity, warmth, humanity, elegance, integrity, sweetness, eloquence, wisdom, grace, compassion and inner and outer beauty of anyone I have ever known. I will miss her forever. Clare Hogenauer 1/3 

von ZUBEN--Frederick G.,died peacefully on January 7, 2016 at 77 years old with his devoted wife of 47 years, their two loving sons and his sister by his side. He is survived by his wife Antonia, his sons Christian and Max, his daughters-in-law Erin and Heather, his five grandchildren Michael, Aidan, Lucy, Phoebe and Grace, and his sister Jane Thompson. Fred was born in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. He cherished his family and was a friend to many. He was an avid sportsman and was a Hall of Honor hockey player at Colgate University. Fred and Toni raised their sons in New Vernon, NJ and loved to spend time with family in Southold, NY and at Point Clark on Lake Huron in Ontario. The family will receive friends at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street in New York City on Monday, January 11 from 2-4pm and 7-9pm. Funeral services will be held Tuesday, January 12 at 11am at St. Mary's Abbey at Delbarton School, 230 Mendham Road, Morristown, NJ. Memorial donations may be made to the Parkinson's Disease Foundation at: www.pdf.org. 1/3 von ZUBEN--Frederick G.,died peacefully on January 7, 2016 at 77 years old with his devoted wife of 47 years, their two loving sons and his sister by his side. He is survived by his wife Antonia, his sons Christian and Max, his daughters-in-law Erin and Heather, his five grandchildren Michael, Aidan, Lucy, Phoebe and Grace, and his sister Jane Thompson. Fred was born in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. He cherished his family and was a friend to many. He was an avid sportsman and was a Hall of Honor hockey player at Colgate University. Fred and Toni raised their sons in New Vernon, NJ and loved to spend time with family in Southold, NY and at Point Clark on Lake Huron in Ontario. The family will receive friends at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street in New York City on Monday, January 11 from 2-4pm and 7-9pm. Funeral services will be held Tuesday, January 12 at 11am at St. Mary's Abbey at Delbarton School, 230 Mendham Road, Morristown, NJ. Memorial donations may be made to the Parkinson's Disease Foundation at: www.pdf.org. 1/3 

KAYE--Honorable Judith S. at home on January 7, 2016. She is survived by her children, Luisa Kaye Hagemeier, Jonathan Kaye, and Gordon Kaye; seven grandchildren; and brother, Allen Smith and beloved sister-in-law Penelope Smith; as well as many cherished nieces, nephews, cousins and other relatives. Funeral service will be held on Monday, 10am, January 11, 2016 at the David H. Koch Theater, 20 Lincoln Center Plaza, followed by private burial. The family requests that any donations be made to JALBCA (www.jalbca.org) or The PJCJC Fund, Inc. for the Judith S. Kaye Scholarship to support a youth in foster care who is attending college (pjcjc@nycourts.gov). 1/3 KAYE--Honorable Judith S. at home on January 7, 2016. She is survived by her children, Luisa Kaye Hagemeier, Jonathan Kaye, and Gordon Kaye; seven grandchildren; and brother, Allen Smith and beloved sister-in-law Penelope Smith; as well as many cherished nieces, nephews, cousins and other relatives. Funeral service will be held on Monday, 10am, January 11, 2016 at the David H. Koch Theater, 20 Lincoln Center Plaza, followed by private burial. The family requests that any donations be made to JALBCA (www.jalbca.org) or The PJCJC Fund, Inc. for the Judith S. Kaye Scholarship to support a youth in foster care who is attending college (pjcjc@nycourts.gov). 1/3 

WOLNEK--Stephen. "There are three crowns: the crown of Torah, the crown of Priesthood, and the crown of Royalty. But the crown of a good name is superior to them all." (Pirkei Avot 4:13). In loving memory of Stephen Wolnek, our friend, colleague, and fellow past International President of The United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism. May the memory of his good deeds and tireless efforts on behalf of Jewish people everywhere be a blessing to all who admired him. Alan Ades, Franklin D. Kreutzer, Richard Skolnik, and Judy Yudof 1/3 WOLNEK--Stephen. "There are three crowns: the crown of Torah, the crown of Priesthood, and the crown of Royalty. But the crown of a good name is superior to them all." (Pirkei Avot 4:13). In loving memory of Stephen Wolnek, our friend, colleague, and fellow past International President of The United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism. May the memory of his good deeds and tireless efforts on behalf of Jewish people everywhere be a blessing to all who admired him. Alan Ades, Franklin D. Kreutzer, Richard Skolnik, and Judy Yudof 1/3 

KURZ--Rona Hoffman, passed away December 30, 2015. Beloved wife of Stanley (deceased), lovingly remembered by her children Susan Eleftherakis (Peter), Jane Klemmer (Tim), Peter Kurz (Jennifer), grandchildren Clifford, Elizabeth, Katherine, Alexander, Kerry, Devon, Michelle and Caroline, and her brother Leonard Hoffman. Her family and friends will gather for a celebration of her life on March 13. 1/3 KURZ--Rona Hoffman, passed away December 30, 2015. Beloved wife of Stanley (deceased), lovingly remembered by her children Susan Eleftherakis (Peter), Jane Klemmer (Tim), Peter Kurz (Jennifer), grandchildren Clifford, Elizabeth, Katherine, Alexander, Kerry, Devon, Michelle and Caroline, and her brother Leonard Hoffman. Her family and friends will gather for a celebration of her life on March 13. 1/3 

KAYE--Judith. January 7. The partners, attorneys and staff of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP mourn the passing of our colleague and friend Judith Kaye. Before joining our New York appellate litigation and arbitration practice in 2009, Judith spent 25 years on the bench of the New York Court of Appeals, including the last 15 as its Chief Judge. The first woman to serve on New York's highest court, Judith earned a national reputation for her pioneering opinions and court reforms. She wrote seminal opinions on such issues as the death penalty, same-sex marriage, education and state constitutional rights while leading innovative changes to the New York court system, including the establishment of specialized courts to focus on issues of drug addiction, domestic violence and mental health. As Chief Judge, Judith created the Adoption Now program, helped establish the Center for Court Innovation and co-chaired the ABA Commission on the American Jury. She retired from the bench in 2008, having served longer than any Chief Judge in state history. At Skadden, Judith helped numerous clients navigate complex issues of New York law. She also served as a trustee of the Skadden Fellowship Foundation and continued her advocacy for families and children, including through her service as the chairwoman of the Permanent Judicial Commission on Justice for Children. Judith graduated from Barnard College ('58) and NYU School of Law ('62), where she was one of 10 women in a class of nearly 300. Judith is survived by her children, Luisa, Jonathan and Gordon, and seven grandchildren. She will be greatly missed. Funeral services will be held at 10:00am (doors open at 9:15), Monday, January 11, at the David H. Koch Theater, Lincoln Center. 1/3 KAYE--Judith. January 7. The partners, attorneys and staff of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP mourn the passing of our colleague and friend Judith Kaye. Before joining our New York appellate litigation and arbitration practice in 2009, Judith spent 25 years on the bench of the New York Court of Appeals, including the last 15 as its Chief Judge. The first woman to serve on New York's highest court, Judith earned a national reputation for her pioneering opinions and court reforms. She wrote seminal opinions on such issues as the death penalty, same-sex marriage, education and state constitutional rights while leading innovative changes to the New York court system, including the establishment of specialized courts to focus on issues of drug addiction, domestic violence and mental health. As Chief Judge, Judith created the Adoption Now program, helped establish the Center for Court Innovation and co-chaired the ABA Commission on the American Jury. She retired from the bench in 2008, having served longer than any Chief Judge in state history. At Skadden, Judith helped numerous clients navigate complex issues of New York law. She also served as a trustee of the Skadden Fellowship Foundation and continued her advocacy for families and children, including through her service as the chairwoman of the Permanent Judicial Commission on Justice for Children. Judith graduated from Barnard College ('58) and NYU School of Law ('62), where she was one of 10 women in a class of nearly 300. Judith is survived by her children, Luisa, Jonathan and Gordon, and seven grandchildren. She will be greatly missed. Funeral services will be held at 10:00am (doors open at 9:15), Monday, January 11, at the David H. Koch Theater, Lincoln Center. 1/3 

KREMEN--Andrea, died on January 7, 2016 at the age of 68. Beloved wife of Arnold Kotlen. Loving mother of Jessica (Bill) and Gillian. Adoring grandmother of Alek and Jake. Dear daughter of Ruth Kremen. She had a life filled with a distinguished career in the legal field, countless trips all over the world, hours spent reading novel after novel, and an endless love of the arts. However, the true light of her life was the time spent with her two grandchildren. Services Monday, 12 noon at "The Riverside" 76 Street and Amsterdam Avenue. 1/3 KREMEN--Andrea, died on January 7, 2016 at the age of 68. Beloved wife of Arnold Kotlen. Loving mother of Jessica (Bill) and Gillian. Adoring grandmother of Alek and Jake. Dear daughter of Ruth Kremen. She had a life filled with a distinguished career in the legal field, countless trips all over the world, hours spent reading novel after novel, and an endless love of the arts. However, the true light of her life was the time spent with her two grandchildren. Services Monday, 12 noon at "The Riverside" 76 Street and Amsterdam Avenue. 1/3 

SEFF--Gloria Nelson, died on January 7, 2016 at the age of 90. Beloved mother of Liane B. Onish. Stepmother of Barbara. Sister of Miriam. Aunt of Janet and Robert. Contributions in her name may be made to Planned Parenthood or Hunter College Mother's Day Fund. 1/3 SEFF--Gloria Nelson, died on January 7, 2016 at the age of 90. Beloved mother of Liane B. Onish. Stepmother of Barbara. Sister of Miriam. Aunt of Janet and Robert. Contributions in her name may be made to Planned Parenthood or Hunter College Mother's Day Fund. 1/3 

PAHLAVI--Her Imperial Highness Princess Ashraf, twin sister of His Late Imperial Majesty, Shah of Iran, died peacefully in her home in Europe January 7 at age 96. Survived by her son Prince Chahram Pahlavi, five grandsons and great-grandchildren. Her Imperial Highness was President of the Women's Organization of Iran, Honorary Vice Chair of Iran's National Committee for World Literacy Program, Vice President of the Imperial Organization for Social Welfare, Head of the Iranian Delegation to the United Nations, Chair of the First United Nations Conference on Human Rights in Tehran in 1968, Chair of the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women, Honorary President of the Foundation for Iranian Studies, Pioneer in women's rights and was the first woman to appear unveiled in public. As emissary for her brother, she developed tied to many nations of interest to Iran. A skilled diplomat who successfully established full diplomatic relations between Iran and the Peoples Republic of China. In exile she remained active supporting initiatives related to reviving Iran's cultural, literary and artistic heritage. 1/3 PAHLAVI--Her Imperial Highness Princess Ashraf, twin sister of His Late Imperial Majesty, Shah of Iran, died peacefully in her home in Europe January 7 at age 96. Survived by her son Prince Chahram Pahlavi, five grandsons and great-grandchildren. Her Imperial Highness was President of the Women's Organization of Iran, Honorary Vice Chair of Iran's National Committee for World Literacy Program, Vice President of the Imperial Organization for Social Welfare, Head of the Iranian Delegation to the United Nations, Chair of the First United Nations Conference on Human Rights in Tehran in 1968, Chair of the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women, Honorary President of the Foundation for Iranian Studies, Pioneer in women's rights and was the first woman to appear unveiled in public. As emissary for her brother, she developed tied to many nations of interest to Iran. A skilled diplomat who successfully established full diplomatic relations between Iran and the Peoples Republic of China. In exile she remained active supporting initiatives related to reviving Iran's cultural, literary and artistic heritage. 1/3 

The woman, 18, was walking with her father on Thursday night in Brooklyn when they were attacked by a group of men with a gun, the police said. The woman, 18, was walking with her father on Thursday night in Brooklyn when they were attacked by a group of men with a gun, the police said. Young woman is raped by five men in Brownsville, Brooklyn, park; woman's father had run for help after one of men, who was wielding gun, ordered him to leave. 

La entrevista con Rolling Stone, probablemente la primera que el narcotraficante ha concedido en décadas, se llevó a cabo en varios encuentros. La entrevista con Rolling Stone, probablemente la primera que el narcotraficante ha concedido en décadas, se llevó a cabo en varios encuentros. 

Before he was captured, Joaquín Guzmán Loera met with the actor in his jungle hide-out for seven hours in October and spoke about his empire, Donald Trump and the movie business for Rolling Stone. Before he was captured, Joaquín Guzmán Loera met with the actor in his jungle hide-out for seven hours in October and spoke about his empire, Donald Trump and the movie business for Rolling Stone. Interviews with Mexican drug lord Joaquin Guzman Loera, also known as El Chapo, conducted by actor and director Sean Penn for Rolling Stone magazine reveal wealth of details about Guzman's life and contain first stark admission that he operates drug empire; interview, released day after Guzman was captured by authorities, is believed to be his first in decades; Guzman's movie ambitions may have had role in his capture.

In Iowa City and Des Moines, Ms. Dunham made a feminist pitch to packed audiences of mostly young women about why they should vote for Mrs. Clinton. In Iowa City and Des Moines, Ms. Dunham made a feminist pitch to packed audiences of mostly young women about why they should vote for Mrs. Clinton. Lena Dunham, creator of HBO series Girls, travels to Iowa to campaign for Hillary Clinton; draws on feminist history and ideas before audiences largely composed of young women. 

Kansas City followed its script to late season success: Its defense picked off four Brian Hoyer passes and recovered one of his two fumbles, while its offense capitalized on the miscues. Kansas City followed its script to late season success: Its defense picked off four Brian Hoyer passes and recovered one of his two fumbles, while its offense capitalized on the miscues. Kansas City Chiefs defeat Houston Texans, 30-0, in wild-card playoff game.

Southern California edged No. 7 Arizona, 103-101, on Saturday to improve to 11-0 at home for the first time since the 1974 season. Southern California edged No. 7 Arizona, 103-101, on Saturday to improve to 11-0 at home for the first time since the 1974 season. College Basketball Roundup; Southern California men's basketball team defeats Arizona, 103-101; other men's and women's scores noted.

The government is trying to reassure citizens while the Taliban appears to be trying to strengthen its hand before peace talks. The government is trying to reassure citizens while the Taliban appears to be trying to strengthen its hand before peace talks. Taliban is attempting to complement its provincial gains by reasserting itself in Afghan cities with guerrilla attacks, but Afghan security forces have been able to repel many of them successfully; attacks symbolize both Taliban's attempts to strengthen its standing before peace talks and Afghanistan government's efforts to calm its citizens. 

Many people wait until they become ill or need medical services to sign up under the Affordable Care Act, driving up costs broadly, insurers have told federal health officials. Many people wait until they become ill or need medical services to sign up under the Affordable Care Act, driving up costs broadly, insurers have told federal health officials. Health insurance providers and state officials are complaining that Obama administration's willingness to allow significant numbers of people to sign up late for coverage under Affordable Care Act has exacted financial toll; say special enrollment categories, of which there are more than 30, have allowed people to delay enrollment until they become ill, raising costs. 

Michael Raffl, Evgeny Medvedev, Matt Read and Sean Couturier scored to help Philadelphia beat the Islanders for the first time in three games this season. Michael Raffl, Evgeny Medvedev, Matt Read and Sean Couturier scored to help Philadelphia beat the Islanders for the first time in three games this season. NHL Roundup; Philadelphia Flyers defeat New York Islanders, 4-0; other hockey scores noted.

With Marcus Morris sitting out with left knee tendinitis, Stanley Johnson made his first start of the season, and Darrun Hilliard made an impression in his most extensive action yet. With Marcus Morris sitting out with left knee tendinitis, Stanley Johnson made his first start of the season, and Darrun Hilliard made an impression in his most extensive action yet. NBA Roundup; Detroit Pistons defeat Brooklyn Nets, 103-89; other basketball scores noted.

Tras su escape de una prisión de máxima seguridad en julio pasado, el narcotraficante dio órdenes de que sus representantes se acercaran a actrices y productores. Tras su escape de una prisión de máxima seguridad en julio pasado, el narcotraficante dio órdenes de que sus representantes se acercaran a actrices y productores. 

La extradición sería un giro de 180 grados para México, que se ha resistido a la idea con el argumento de que se trata de un tema de soberanía nacional. La extradición sería un giro de 180 grados para México, que se ha resistido a la idea con el argumento de que se trata de un tema de soberanía nacional. 

Six Republican candidates — without the two front-runners, who were campaigning in Iowa — offered a substantive and surprisingly cordial discussion on poverty. Six Republican candidates — without the two front-runners, who were campaigning in Iowa — offered a substantive and surprisingly cordial discussion on poverty. Six Republican presidential candidates evince rare tone of cordiality and shared goals during appearances at Kemp Forum on Expanding Opportunity  in South Carolina; substantive discussion about combating poverty marks dramatic shift from contentious atmosphere of televised debates. 

Union officials said sticking points in the negotiations include bereavement time and uniform allowances for the bus drivers, plus a tiered payment system and vacation time. Union officials said sticking points in the negotiations include bereavement time and uniform allowances for the bus drivers, plus a tiered payment system and vacation time. 

Worried that an advantage in immigration law may end as the United States restores relations with their country, many Cubans have rushed off the island, only to be stalled in Central America. Worried that an advantage in immigration law may end as the United States restores relations with their country, many Cubans have rushed off the island, only to be stalled in Central America. Many Cubans fear recent restoration of diplomatic ties between America and island will lead to repeal of 1966 Cuban Adjustment Act, which gives Cubans who arrive in United States a fast track to permanent legal residency; tens of thousands are risking their lives and savings in arduous journey through Central America to take advantage of privileged immigration process while it lasts.

A government housing program in Algeria is one of the most ambitious in the region, but critics say it is creating as many problems as it solves. A government housing program in Algeria is one of the most ambitious in the region, but critics say it is creating as many problems as it solves. Algerians express both relief and outrage over government housing program aimed at relieving country's population boom even as effort to relocate citizens from slums introduces corruption and violence into process; experts assert program does not alleviate country's larger economic problems.

The agreement ends more than three months of feuding among separatist parties over who should lead the next regional government. The agreement ends more than three months of feuding among separatist parties over who should lead the next regional government. 

Companies like Sadel Tech and government initiatives are aiming to bring more young Arabs into the technology work force. Companies like Sadel Tech and government initiatives are aiming to bring more young Arabs into the technology work force. Sadel Tech, Israeli technology company staffed exclusively by Bedouins, is rare Arab presence in Israel's otherwise booming high-tech industry; company's chief executive works alongside government ministry to assist glut of young Bedouins in isolated regions who are struggling to find jobs despite graduating from college with technology degrees.

For years, China gobbled up metals, crops and fuels for its rapidly expanding economy, and producers aggressively broadened operations to satisfy China’s appetite. Now, all has changed. For years, China gobbled up metals, crops and fuels for its rapidly expanding economy, and producers aggressively broadened operations to satisfy China’s appetite. Now, all has changed. China's flagging economy is dealing economic blow to countries that increased resource production in anticipation of continued need tied to China's growth; excess material, from metals to crops and fuels, is crushing prices and harming commodity-dependent economies around globe; effects, coming on tail of worldwide boom, may last for some time.

Officials in Flint, declared to be in a state of emergency, are working to address lead contamination in the water of the city, where 40 percent of residents live below the poverty line. Officials in Flint, declared to be in a state of emergency, are working to address lead contamination in the water of the city, where 40 percent of residents live below the poverty line. Authorities in Flint, Mich, are struggling to respond to public anger over lead poisoning from drinking water, contamination that began in April, 2014, when officials switched city's water source to Flint River from Lake Huron; officials did not reverse decision until fall of 2015, despite longstanding complaints; 43 cases remain of elevated blood lead levels. 

Vonn’s World Cup win drew her even with Annemarie Moser-Pröll, who set the record for the discipline in 1980 and watched Vonn from the stands. Vonn’s World Cup win drew her even with Annemarie Moser-Pröll, who set the record for the discipline in 1980 and watched Vonn from the stands. Winter Sports Roundup; Lindsey Vonn wins women's World Cup downhill race in Altenmarkt-Zauchensee, Austria; other winter sports news noted.

Anthony remains the focal point of the Knicks’ offense, but he may no longer consider shooting the basketball to be his birthright. Anthony remains the focal point of the Knicks’ offense, but he may no longer consider shooting the basketball to be his birthright. New York Knicks forward Carmelo Anthony remains focal point of team's offense and is still Knicks' biggest star, but he is trusting his teammates more and getting them involved in plays.

The Rangers scored three goals in the third period to erase a 2-0 deficit, but the Capitals tied the game in the final seconds of regulation and sent the Rangers to another loss. The Rangers scored three goals in the third period to erase a 2-0 deficit, but the Capitals tied the game in the final seconds of regulation and sent the Rangers to another loss. Washington Capitals defeat New York Rangers, 4-3, in overtime.

The prize was the largest ever for a lottery in United States history, attracting even those who rarely play to plunk down some money. The prize was the largest ever for a lottery in United States history, attracting even those who rarely play to plunk down some money. Many New Yorkers are imagining the possible transformation of their lives as Powerball jackpot climbs, expecting to reach $1.3 billion for next drawing.  

For all the effort teams invest in college players and free agents, sometimes major playoff contributions come from players who arrive from &#8220;off the street.&#8221; For all the effort teams invest in college players and free agents, sometimes major playoff contributions come from players who arrive from &#8220;off the street.&#8221; 

A bye can give teams a chance to prepare more and to heal injuries, but it can also hurt in keeping a routine. A bye can give teams a chance to prepare more and to heal injuries, but it can also hurt in keeping a routine. 

A defensive savant with a fiery personality and a salty vocabulary, Mike Zimmer, 59, spent more than three decades as a college and N.F.L. assistant before becoming a first-time head coach. A defensive savant with a fiery personality and a salty vocabulary, Mike Zimmer, 59, spent more than three decades as a college and N.F.L. assistant before becoming a first-time head coach. Profile of Minnesota Vikings coach Mike Zimmer, who in just his second-year as head coach has led team to NFC North Division title.

After his release from prison, Mr. Cluchey spent time in Europe with Samuel Beckett. After his release from prison, Mr. Cluchey spent time in Europe with Samuel Beckett. Rick Cluchey, actor whose unlikely career started during stint in prison, and who went on to become protege of Samuel Beckett and interpreter of his work, dies at age 82.  

At Savannah’s in Cortlandt Manor, many entrees are available in half portions, a mercy that the prudent might consider if desserts figure into the plan. At Savannah’s in Cortlandt Manor, many entrees are available in half portions, a mercy that the prudent might consider if desserts figure into the plan. M H Reed reviews restaurant Savannah's Southern House in Cortlandt Manor (Metropolitan/Westchester).

Zinedine Zidane, a former Real Madrid star midfielder, received a warm welcome at Santiago Bernabéu Stadium, with fans loudly cheering him before and after the game. Zinedine Zidane, a former Real Madrid star midfielder, received a warm welcome at Santiago Bernabéu Stadium, with fans loudly cheering him before and after the game. Soccer Roundup; Real Madrid routs Deportivo La Coruna, 5-0; other soccer matches noted.

Ms. King, who wrote &#8220;Misanthrope&#8217;s Corner&#8221; for National Review, could sting her targets even as she made them laugh. Ms. King, who wrote &#8220;Misanthrope&#8217;s Corner&#8221; for National Review, could sting her targets even as she made them laugh. Florence King, columnist and author renowned for her sharp wit, misanthropic tone and skill at skewering liberalism, dies at age 80.  

Our own brains might offer an alternative to addictive opioids. Our own brains might offer an alternative to addictive opioids. Op-Ed article by science author Jo Marchant explores whether placebo effect can be harnessed to address painkiller addiction crisis in country.

Writers react to an essay by Barbara Ehrenreich, “The Selfish Side of Gratitude.” Writers react to an essay by Barbara Ehrenreich, “The Selfish Side of Gratitude.” 

At Cielo, which means sky in Italian, the food commands attention, beginning with the eggplant that comes in a tomato-basil sauce with soft, crusty bread before the meal begins. At Cielo, which means sky in Italian, the food commands attention, beginning with the eggplant that comes in a tomato-basil sauce with soft, crusty bread before the meal begins. Patricia Brooks reviews restaurant Cielo in Wilton (Metropolitan/Connecticut).

Washington won its division this season behind Kirk Cousins, after a wild-card loss in 2013 in which their star quarterback was injured sent the franchise into disarray. Washington won its division this season behind Kirk Cousins, after a wild-card loss in 2013 in which their star quarterback was injured sent the franchise into disarray. Washington Redskins, led by quarterback Kirk Cousins, are preparing to host Green Bay Packers in wild-card game, first playoff appearance since 2013, when their rookie sensation Robert Griffin III suffered devastating knee injury; both franchise and Griffin have yet to recover.

Newark, N.J., had Cory Booker and Chris Christie. Union City had teachers and parents. Newark, N.J., had Cory Booker and Chris Christie. Union City had teachers and parents. David L Kirp Op-Ed article points to turnaround in Union City, NJ, schools as model for how to fix failing schools, and to high-profile, $100 million effort to transform Newark as model for how not to fix school system; contrasts two approaches, noting that Union City from outset adopted more gradual approach to reform.

Despite a global trend against capital punishment, the U.S. remains among the top five countries that resort to using the death penalty. Despite a global trend against capital punishment, the U.S. remains among the top five countries that resort to using the death penalty. Editorial uses occasion of barbaric execution of 47 men in Saudi Arabia, which drew worldwide condemnation, to point out that United States is one of five countries that most often use capital punishment, according to Amnesty International; suggests death penalty is merely form of vengeance, and contends it is up to American people to abolish morally unacceptable practice.

Gase, offensive coordinator of the Bears this season, has won praise for his work with quarterbacks, including Peyton Manning and Jay Cutler. Gase, offensive coordinator of the Bears this season, has won praise for his work with quarterbacks, including Peyton Manning and Jay Cutler. 

More commonly known as the BBG, this Long Island steakhouse opened in November and is operated by two former employees of the Old Homestead Steakhouse in Manhattan. More commonly known as the BBG, this Long Island steakhouse opened in November and is operated by two former employees of the Old Homestead Steakhouse in Manhattan. Joanne Starkey reviews restaurant  Butcher's Bar & Grill, also known as The BBG, in Williston Park (Metropolitan/Long Island). 

Justice Samuel Alito actively dislikes a longstanding precedent protecting public-union funding. Now he has another chance to kill it. Justice Samuel Alito actively dislikes a longstanding precedent protecting public-union funding. Now he has another chance to kill it. Editorial warns that case involving California public-school teacher's union, to be heard by Supreme Court, threatens to undermine 1977 court ruling allowing public-sector unions to charge both members and nonmembers for costs of collective bargaining; underscores negative consequences and precedent that would result from overturning decision.

Roots Asian Kitchen has a wide range of offerings, Chinese, Thai, Korean and Japanese, from sushi to crepes. Roots Asian Kitchen has a wide range of offerings, Chinese, Thai, Korean and Japanese, from sushi to crepes. Phoebe Nobles reviews restaurant Roots Asian Kitchen in West Windsor (Metropolitan/New Jersey).

President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, who came to power after ousting a leader of the Muslim Brotherhood, has increasingly used religion to justify a crackdown on his rivals. President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, who came to power after ousting a leader of the Muslim Brotherhood, has increasingly used religion to justify a crackdown on his rivals. Egyptian Pres Abdel Fattah el-Sisi is co-opting country's religious establishment in campaign to stamp out Islamic extremism and boost his legitimacy; move has both restricted debate over meaning of Islam, which el-Sisi himself called for, and raised concerns of government repression.

On long, grueling odysseys, politics can be a bear. On long, grueling odysseys, politics can be a bear. Maureen Dowd Op-Ed column compares journey undertaken by characters in movie The Revenant, Leonardo DiCaprio's long quest for Oscar and Hillary Clinton's long quest for presidency.

Compared with the championship rings of days gone by, modern jewelry presented to members of title-winning teams has grown in size to almost comical proportions. Compared with the championship rings of days gone by, modern jewelry presented to members of title-winning teams has grown in size to almost comical proportions. Rings that are now presented to college football national title winners have grown in size to almost comical proportions; three most recent rings--all won during recent championship series by Alabama--are roughly size of table tennis balls. 

The conservative path to today’s land-use fervor. The conservative path to today’s land-use fervor. News Analysis; occupiers of Malheur National Wildlife Refuge trace their ideological roots to relatively more mainstream Wise Use movement, conservative land-use doctrine that has been part of American national discourse for almost 30 years.

We still have few models for how to construct a life outside of coupledom. We still have few models for how to construct a life outside of coupledom. Op-Ed article by Jessa Crispin describes making somewhat of a pilgrimage to Avila, Spain, to take in celebration of Roman Catholic St Teresa's 500th birthday; observes Teresa did not wish to be reduced, as a woman, to role of wife and mother, and chose church instead of raising family; recounts how women in her own family have repeatedly given up everything for their husbands and families for very little in return.

When I left the lab behind for life as a writer, it made the world look weird. When I left the lab behind for life as a writer, it made the world look weird. Maria Konnikova Op-Ed article describes reconciling her previous profession as psychologist with her current one as writer.

Recreational and commercial unmanned aircraft can be fun and useful, but clear rules that balance competing rights are needed. Recreational and commercial unmanned aircraft can be fun and useful, but clear rules that balance competing rights are needed. Editorial underscores need for sensible regulation on use of drones both by private individuals and by commercial enterprises, using rules balancing respect for privacy as well as guarding against possible dangers posed by their use; suggests regulations could be part of broader privacy bill that also addresses other forms of data collection.

No skateboard of mine ever caught fire. No skateboard of mine ever caught fire. Op-Ed article by Michael Christie describes going to store to test-ride a hoverboard, in light of being avid skateboarder for almost 30 years. 

Publicly funded science should be transparent, despite what some scientists describe as harassment by interest groups seeking access to their records. Publicly funded science should be transparent, despite what some scientists describe as harassment by interest groups seeking access to their records. Op-Ed article by former United States Senate staffer Paul D Thacker criticizes decision by National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to deny Rep Lamar Smith's subpoena of emails sent by scientist who published global warming study; warns of dangerous precedent denial sets; underscores necessity of transparency, and recalls times when reading emails exposed corruption in scientific research.

Smug, mean and in the lead, Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are rewriting the rules of likability. Smug, mean and in the lead, Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are rewriting the rules of likability. Frank Bruni Op-Ed column observes that Republican front-runners Sen Ted Cruz and Donald Trump are unabashedly rude, and even downright mean, on campaign trail, marked shift from previous cycles in which more successful candidates tried to display some sense of high-mindedness.

A weekly comic strip featured in the Sunday Review. A weekly comic strip featured in the Sunday Review. 

People who apply the “last-year test” tend to spend more time on the things that give them the most satisfaction. People who apply the “last-year test” tend to spend more time on the things that give them the most satisfaction. Arthur C Brooks Op-Ed article points to research finding awareness of transitory nature of life increases likelihood that people will engage in activities that are more meaningful to them; suggests, on occasion of New Year, that people meditate on certainty of their coming death in order to lead more fulfilling lives.

The Times is heading into a news-heavy year. All the while, it will need to keep grappling with the changing media landscape. The Times is heading into a news-heavy year. All the while, it will need to keep grappling with the changing media landscape. Margaret Sullivan The Public Editor column describes conversation with Dean Baquet, executive editor of The New York Times, about what readers should expect for 2016 and what challenges newspaper continues to grapple with.

Aung San Suu Kyi is taking power with silence on the government’s abuse of the Rohingya minority. Aung San Suu Kyi is taking power with silence on the government’s abuse of the Rohingya minority. Nicholas Kristof Op-Ed column observes that Nobel Peace Prize winner Daw Aung San Suu Kyi is set to become leader of Myanmar  and that she assume power even as country carries out what amounts to genocide against Rohingya Muslim minority; hails Aung San Suu Kyi as genuine hero but criticizes her for silence on issue as she comes to power.

The ad offers Mrs. Clinton as the sole alternative to the Republican candidates, portraying her as a battle-hardened candidate who can take them on. The ad offers Mrs. Clinton as the sole alternative to the Republican candidates, portraying her as a battle-hardened candidate who can take them on. 

When the arrival of a child falls during a big tournament, the world&#8217;s best players gladly drop their rackets in order to witness the miracle of birth. When the arrival of a child falls during a big tournament, the world&#8217;s best players gladly drop their rackets in order to witness the miracle of birth. Andy Murray plans to withdraw from Australian Open tennis tournament if his wife Kim goes into labor, decision that many tennis players support.

Jaslie Pulinario, who struggles with anxiety and depression, has found an outlet: a pastry class where “There’s nothing bothering me.” Jaslie Pulinario, who struggles with anxiety and depression, has found an outlet: a pastry class where “There’s nothing bothering me.” Children's Aid Society, one of seven organizations supported by New York Times Neediest Cases fund, helps Jaslie Pulinario of Queens with security deposit as she grapples with anxiety and depression related to family trauma. 

The Hartford school system has adopted a program that helps students retain reading, writing and arithmetic skills through exposure to mediums like painting, music and dance. The Hartford school system has adopted a program that helps students retain reading, writing and arithmetic skills through exposure to mediums like painting, music and dance. Nonprofit education cooperative Hartford Performs instructs teachers in Hartford school district on how to use dance, music, theater and visual arts to teach science, math and other academic subjects (Metropolitan/Connecticut).

A security coordination official for the College Football Playoff championship game said, &#8220;We are being very proactive.&#8221; A security coordination official for the College Football Playoff championship game said, &#8220;We are being very proactive.&#8221; 

The Westchester Broadway Theater is now offering show-only tickets for selected performances, allowing patrons to skip the included meals at a substantial savings. The Westchester Broadway Theater is now offering show-only tickets for selected performances, allowing patrons to skip the included meals at a substantial savings. Sylviane Gold reviews Westchester Broadway Theater production of play Showboat, book and lyrics by Oscar Hammerstein II, music by Jerome Kern, and directed by Richard Stafford (Metropolitan/Westchester). 

The Crimson Tide was boosted by a victory over a top-10 team and the Tigers soon embarked in a new direction. The Crimson Tide was boosted by a victory over a top-10 team and the Tigers soon embarked in a new direction. 

With a beauty queen wife and two Houdini-like escapes from prison under his belt, Mr. Guzmán, known by the nickname El Chapo, wanted to make his own biopic. With a beauty queen wife and two Houdini-like escapes from prison under his belt, Mr. Guzmán, known by the nickname El Chapo, wanted to make his own biopic. 

Ms. Kirk, the widow of Rahsaan Roland Kirk, the blind multi-instrumentalist, brings her name, and her connections, to events around the city. Ms. Kirk, the widow of Rahsaan Roland Kirk, the blind multi-instrumentalist, brings her name, and her connections, to events around the city. Dorthaan Kirk, widow of jazz artist Rahsaan Roland Kirk and employee of WBGO New Jersey public radio, is dubbed Newark’s First Lady of Jazz; honor comes from John Schreiber, New Jersey Performing Arts Center executive, who cites Kirk's use of her professional and personal connections to promote music genre (Metropolitan/New Jersey).

The locavore movement urges buying food produced in one’s immediate region. Farmgirl Flowers is trying to do the same for flowers. The locavore movement urges buying food produced in one’s immediate region. Farmgirl Flowers is trying to do the same for flowers. Christina Stembel says she founded Farmgirl Flowers in 2010 after learning 80 percent of blooms sold in America are imported; company, which sells only locally grown flowers and hires permanent employees, made $4.5 billion in 2015 and may trigger comeback for domestic flower farming industry. 

From the culmination of World War II until the advent of the Bowl Championship Series, there were only five consensus title winners, so there is plenty of fuel for the fire. From the culmination of World War II until the advent of the Bowl Championship Series, there were only five consensus title winners, so there is plenty of fuel for the fire. Marc Tracy On College Football column notes that before advent of Bowl Championship Series 18 years ago it was common to have multiple teams claim to be national champion.

Mexican officials said the process to extradite Joaquín Guzmán Loera could take months, and his lawyers are expected to fight it. Mexican officials said the process to extradite Joaquín Guzmán Loera could take months, and his lawyers are expected to fight it. Mexican government is taking steps toward extraditing Joaquin Guzman Loera, Mexican drug lord known as El Chapo, to United States to face drug and murder charges; move would mark reversal for Mexico, which has long resisted America's requests for drug lord; Guzman's lawyers are fighting extradition, and process, if approved, could take months.

In an election campaign with a different, angry feel, the party&#8217;s establishment is facing a people&#8217;s coup. In an election campaign with a different, angry feel, the party&#8217;s establishment is facing a people&#8217;s coup. Republican establishment is grappling with growing fear of historic split within party, as disgruntled working class Republicans demand presidential nominee who represents their interests; common voters are expressing concerns about immigration, wages and demographic changes that are at odds with establishment candidates' focus on free trade, reduced taxes and openness to immigration; split, which feels markedly different than past inter-party skirmishes, could sway election results.

The former Giants coach is said to have a meeting scheduled with his longtime division rival Philadelphia for an informal discussion about its vacancy. The former Giants coach is said to have a meeting scheduled with his longtime division rival Philadelphia for an informal discussion about its vacancy. 

Effective monopolies are the rule in technology companies. But with a recent billion-dollar investment, Lyft may show that ride-hailing is an exception. Effective monopolies are the rule in technology companies. But with a recent billion-dollar investment, Lyft may show that ride-hailing is an exception. Lyft ride-sharing service wants a piece of market in booming industry, aiming to break what it outspokenly views as monopoly by Uber; experts caution against immediately defining market dominance as illegal, and point out that despite large number of big technology companies looming large in their respective markets, there have been relatively few big antitrust actions brought against tech giants.

An assistant program coordinator at the Helen Keller National Center teaches people who are deaf and blind to take care of their needs. An assistant program coordinator at the Helen Keller National Center teaches people who are deaf and blind to take care of their needs. Vocations column; Maricar Marquez, assistant program coordinator for independent living at Helen Keller National Center, discusses her profession and career. 

No one can accurately predict the short-term path of the stock market. But even if no single reliable indicator exists, there are some signs to watch. No one can accurately predict the short-term path of the stock market. But even if no single reliable indicator exists, there are some signs to watch. Jeff Sommer Strategies column asserts only thing certain about 2016 stock market predictions is that there is no reliable way to predict market's short-term behavior. 

Mr. Cabrera, founder and C.E.O. of the employee-incentive software company Xactly, says being the fourth of five children meant learning to fight for everything, including dinner. Mr. Cabrera, founder and C.E.O. of the employee-incentive software company Xactly, says being the fourth of five children meant learning to fight for everything, including dinner. Adam Bryant Corner Office column features interview with  Christopher Cabrera, founder of employee-incentive software developer Xactly, who discusses his career and management technique.

The candidate shows a lighter side in an ad aimed at the football audience. The candidate shows a lighter side in an ad aimed at the football audience. 

This week’s questions are about naming New York neighborhoods; conflicts of interest on co-op boards; and clogged drains co-op buildings. This week’s questions are about naming New York neighborhoods; conflicts of interest on co-op boards; and clogged drains co-op buildings. Real Estate Q&A answers questions from around New York on renaming Lower Manhattan neighborhood, co-op conflict of interest and who pays for co-op repairs.

It’s time to stop treating the government in Pyongyang like cartoon villains. It’s time to stop treating the government in Pyongyang like cartoon villains. Op-Ed article by Johns Hopkins University fellow Joel S Wit attributes North Korea's steady move down nuclear path and seeming inaction on nuclear tests to fact that world does not take country seriously; calls for viable long-term strategy that acknowledges and addresses very real threat North Korea presents.

Auto manufacturers, ride-hailing companies and lawmakers are turning their attention to self-driving cars. Auto manufacturers, ride-hailing companies and lawmakers are turning their attention to self-driving cars. 

A police raid in Bulgaria was heralded as a rare success against the trafficking of antiquities, but it also highlighted the barriers officials face. A police raid in Bulgaria was heralded as a rare success against the trafficking of antiquities, but it also highlighted the barriers officials face. Islamic State is taking advantage of weak and inconsistent international system of laws and customs enforcement in order to profit from antiquities looting; experience and patience of smugglers and value of looted objects to art dealers has made enforcement of anti-smuggling laws difficult; flood of objects looted from sites in Syria and Iraq is expected to reach hungry markets in Western Europe and America over several years.

The officer was shot in the ankle and five people were stabbed early Saturday when a large brawl involving as many as 100 people erupted at what officials described as an illegal “jump-up” party. The officer was shot in the ankle and five people were stabbed early Saturday when a large brawl involving as many as 100 people erupted at what officials described as an illegal “jump-up” party. New York City Police Officer Sherrod Stuart is shot in leg while responding to brawl in Mott Haven neighborhood of Bronx involving dozens of people that also results in at least five stabbings; Stuart and suspected gunman Christopher Rice, who is in critical condition, are hospitalized; Stuart is expected to recover.

After his friend was shot to death in 2013, Chris Wilmore began actively recruiting people to settle their disputes with gloves, not guns. After his friend was shot to death in 2013, Chris Wilmore began actively recruiting people to settle their disputes with gloves, not guns. 

How do you teach college students about sexual consent? The answer: very, very carefully. How do you teach college students about sexual consent? The answer: very, very carefully. Colleges nationwide are grappling with how to teach their students about consent in effort to confront and prevent sexual assault; many young people are confused about sexual consent, especially when drinking is involved; Jonathan M Kalin's Party With Consent is one of several groups that travel to colleges lecturing students on issue.

By racing dogs in an unmarked field, wealthy Sikh landowners — some of them gas station moguls in the United States — are trying to keep alive the ways of the maharajahs. By racing dogs in an unmarked field, wealthy Sikh landowners — some of them gas station moguls in the United States — are trying to keep alive the ways of the maharajahs. Faridkot Journal; wealthy Sikh landowners in town of Faridkot in Punjab, India, are carrying on tradition of dog racing, despite government's attempts to dismantle feudal system in which sport originated; dog races have changed in significant ways since feudal days, but wealthy families cling to tradition that offers them relief from life's toils.

Do you collapse with the kids, or stay up past midnight? This is what happens when bedmates have mismatched sleep habits: They hardly see each other. Do you collapse with the kids, or stay up past midnight? This is what happens when bedmates have mismatched sleep habits: They hardly see each other. Bruce Feiler This Life column observes that many couples have mismatched sleep habits, which can reduce the quality of their relationship. 

An Oregon medical center’s plan to increase efficiency by outsourcing doctors drove a group of its hospitalists to fight back by banding together. An Oregon medical center’s plan to increase efficiency by outsourcing doctors drove a group of its hospitalists to fight back by banding together. Physicians at PeaceHealth Sacred Heart Medical Center in Springfield, Oregon, are forming nation’s first hospital doctors' union; members say unionizing is their only way to fight management's emphasis on efficiency-based bonuses that are infringing on their abilities to make best patient care decisions.

Head wraps were inventively stylish, and fur bonnets were a favorite. Men wore shearling coats, and one woman swirled in a pleated Chanel coat. Head wraps were inventively stylish, and fur bonnets were a favorite. Men wore shearling coats, and one woman swirled in a pleated Chanel coat. Bill Cunningham shares photos of New Yorkers braving cold temperatures in stylish coats and hats.

Plus: An Art Deco party on New Year’s Day. Plus: An Art Deco party on New Year’s Day. 

Gary Russo, an ironworker known for performing pop standards in a rich baritone, wrestled with private demons as his local celebrity dimmed. Gary Russo, an ironworker known for performing pop standards in a rich baritone, wrestled with private demons as his local celebrity dimmed. Family and friends of Gary Russo try to make sense of  iron worker's apparent suicide in August 2015; believe Queens resident, who drew media attention in 2011 for his Sinatra-style singing performances in New York jazz clubs and even on site while working on construction of  Second Avenue subway line, was despondent over professional and personal setbacks. 

Well, you might. But that’s not the real key to finding work-life balance. Well, you might. But that’s not the real key to finding work-life balance. Gray Matter column by Prof Cristobal Young describes study he published in journal Sociological Science about work-life balance that holds issue is complex, and one that must be addressed in coordination with family and friends.

A new pitcher comes to the Yankees, with allegations of domestic violence clouding his reputation. A new pitcher comes to the Yankees, with allegations of domestic violence clouding his reputation. Ginia Bellafante Big City column chides New York Yankees for acquiring Aroldis Chapman, star pitcher whose promising career is tainted by domestic violence allegations. 

The television weatherman and his wife, who is a correspondent for ABC, have written a book that highlights the differences in their personalities. The television weatherman and his wife, who is a correspondent for ABC, have written a book that highlights the differences in their personalities. Upper East Side residents Al Roker, NBC Today show host, and his wife, ABC journalist Deborah Roberts, describe their typical Sunday routine.

After reviewing suggestions from readers, the Big City Book Club has selected the 2014 novel by Matthew Thomas about a multigenerational Irish-American family in New York. After reviewing suggestions from readers, the Big City Book Club has selected the 2014 novel by Matthew Thomas about a multigenerational Irish-American family in New York. 

Brent Staples discusses “The Defender” and the history of the black press, and Maria Konnikova talks about “The Confidence Game.” Brent Staples discusses “The Defender” and the history of the black press, and Maria Konnikova talks about “The Confidence Game.” 

The Ghetto Film School collaborates with the Frick Collection in a program that exposes students to artwork at the museum and lets them shoot there. The Ghetto Film School collaborates with the Frick Collection in a program that exposes students to artwork at the museum and lets them shoot there. Frick Collection's yearlong collaboration with Ghetto Film School, in which high school-age filmmakers from South Bronx access museum collection to help make their stories, is being closely observed in philanthropy and museum worlds; hope is that strategy is successful and can be used to help improve audience and staff diversity at cultural institutions.

Covering the history of the Gowanus Canal; the discovery of photographs intended for an essay by Truman Capote; and the story of century-old homes in Brooklyn Heights. Covering the history of the Gowanus Canal; the discovery of photographs intended for an essay by Truman Capote; and the story of century-old homes in Brooklyn Heights. Sam Roberts reviews books Gowanus: Brooklyn's Curious Canal by Joseph Alexiou, Brooklyn: A Personal Memoir by Truman Capote With the Lost Photographs of David Attie and Brooklyn Heights: New York's First Suburb by Clay Lancaster. 

The bird, mentioned in one of Shakespeare’s plays, was introduced in the United States around 1890 and has become a significant pest species. The bird, mentioned in one of Shakespeare’s plays, was introduced in the United States around 1890 and has become a significant pest species. NYC Nature column; European starling, songbird released in New York’s Central Park around 1890, is noteworthy for its ability to mimic other creatures, and is notorious for displacing native birds. 

Phillip Giambri, 74, says life kept trying to make him a writer, and he kept trying to be a drunk. He runs open-mike sessions in his beloved East Village. Phillip Giambri, 74, says life kept trying to make him a writer, and he kept trying to be a drunk. He runs open-mike sessions in his beloved East Village. Corey Kilgannon Character Study on writer and poet Phillip Giambri, Navy veteran who bills himself as Ancient Mariner, entertaining East Village dive bar audiences with open-mic stories of his maritime exploits. 

The photographer Albert Watson and his wife, Elizabeth Watson, are selling their TriBeCa penthouse for $21.5 million. The photographer Albert Watson and his wife, Elizabeth Watson, are selling their TriBeCa penthouse for $21.5 million. 

The photographer is about to place his duplex at 101 Warren Street on the market. The photographer is about to place his duplex at 101 Warren Street on the market. TriBeCa duplex penthouse owned by noted portrait photographer Albert Watson is on market, listed at $21.5 million; book and modern art-filled apartment with panoramic views was inspired by Pierre Chareau’s 'glass house' in Paris.

A duplex penthouse with ample outdoor space at the Greenwich Lane condominium complex in Greenwich Village was the sale of the week. A duplex penthouse with ample outdoor space at the Greenwich Lane condominium complex in Greenwich Village was the sale of the week. Big Ticket column; loft-like duplex penthouse at Greenwich Lane, part of condominium complex rising on site of former St. Vincent’s Hospital in Greenwich Village, is New York City's highest residential sale of week, closing at $26,030,475.81.

Ms. Delaney took pictures in New York from 1984 to 1987 and left them alone for decades. When she revisited her work, she found a city of street characters and urban dramas. Ms. Delaney took pictures in New York from 1984 to 1987 and left them alone for decades. When she revisited her work, she found a city of street characters and urban dramas. Photographer Janet Delaney's works chronicle New Yorkers in midst of everyday life in lower Manhattan during mid-1980s. 

Photographs by Janet Delaney show New York in the mid-1980s, a time defined by yuppies, hip-hop and the emerging AIDS crisis. Photographs by Janet Delaney show New York in the mid-1980s, a time defined by yuppies, hip-hop and the emerging AIDS crisis. 

Carrie Fisher got older. So does everyone. Just relax about it. Carrie Fisher got older. So does everyone. Just relax about it. Jennifer Weiner Op-Ed article points to uproar caused by producers of Star Wars: The Force Awakens when they required actress Carrie Fisher to lose weight; says directive is evidence that even older American women face unhealthy expectations from society about their appearance.

Damian and Britt Zunino, the husband-and-wife partners of the New York design firm Studio DB, designed and built a home for weekend getaways, Damian and Britt Zunino, the husband-and-wife partners of the New York design firm Studio DB, designed and built a home for weekend getaways, 

Damian and Britt Zunino, the husband-and-wife partners of the New York design firm Studio DB, built a home for weekend getaways. Damian and Britt Zunino, the husband-and-wife partners of the New York design firm Studio DB, built a home for weekend getaways. New York-based designers Damian and Britt Zunino find designing for clients is easier than for their own weekend house in Amenia, NY; after several years and half dozen designs, couple agrees on roomy modern approach, enhanced by addition of traditional gable-roof outline off second-story structure. 

Information on sales in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. Information on sales in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. 

The final volume of Harris’s Ancient Rome trilogy follows Cicero’s last years. The final volume of Harris’s Ancient Rome trilogy follows Cicero’s last years. Tom Holland reviews book Dictator by Robert Harris.

A tour of some of the world’s exceptional places. A tour of some of the world’s exceptional places. Ashlee Vance review books The Geography of Genius: A Search for the World's Most Creative Places From Ancient Athens to Silicon Valley by Eric Weiner.

An author changes genre to take in the world around him. An author changes genre to take in the world around him. Michelle Orange reviews book Shame and Wonder: Essays by David Searcy.

The short life of Aaron Swartz, a passionate advocate of free information. The short life of Aaron Swartz, a passionate advocate of free information. Stephen Witt reviews book The Idealist: Aaron Swartz and the Rise of Free Culture on the Internet by Justin Peters.

How the repercussions of China’s recently repealed one-child policy have reshaped its society. How the repercussions of China’s recently repealed one-child policy have reshaped its society. John Parker reviews book One Child: The Story of China's Most Radical Experiment by Mei Fong.

Alex Haley brought attention to black America. Alex Haley brought attention to black America. Peniel E Joseph reviews book Alex Haley: And the Books That Changed a Nation by Robert J Norrell.

Hitchens and Scruton assess thinkers, writers and political figures. Hitchens and Scruton assess thinkers, writers and political figures. Damon Linker reviews books And Yet...: Essays by Christopher Hitchens and Fools, Frauds and Firebrands: Thinkers of the New Left by Roger Scruton.

New books include Gerard Koeppel’s “City on a Grid: How New York Became New York.” New books include Gerard Koeppel’s “City on a Grid: How New York Became New York.” Mason B Williams reviews books City on a Grid: How New York Became New York by Gerard Koeppel, Fun City: John Lindsay, Joe Namath, and How Sports Saved New York in the 1960s by Sean Deveney, The Con Men: Hustling in New York City by Terry Williams and Trevor B Milton, and Gowanus: Brooklyn's Curious Canal by Joseph Alexiou.

After a failed marriage, a poet looks for love online. After a failed marriage, a poet looks for love online. Benjamin Anastas reviews book Fake Missed Connections: Divorce, Online Dating, and Other Failures by Brett Fletcher Lauer.

A new generation of writers gives us the intimacy, the assurance of their solitude. A new generation of writers gives us the intimacy, the assurance of their solitude. Critic's Take column by Lorin Stein, editor of The Paris Review, describes how small handful of novelists and writers, many of whom have found shelter in Paris Review, are leading mini renaissance in letters; suggests what differentiates these authors from others is they are not professional writers, are versed in art of 'public solitude,' and have kept themselves largely unconnected to social media or Internet.

The controversial critic Dave Hickey claims the label of feminist. The controversial critic Dave Hickey claims the label of feminist. Chloe Wyma reviews book 25 Women: Essays on Their Art by Dave Hickey.

Views on abortion were different before Roe v. Wade. Views on abortion were different before Roe v. Wade. Kristin Dombek reviews book Defenders of the Unborn: The Pro-Life Movement Before Roe v. Wade by Daniel K Williams.

A novel sets the Dominique Strauss-Kahn case in London. A novel sets the Dominique Strauss-Kahn case in London. Charles Shafaieh reviews book Paradise City by Elizabeth Day.

Stories sketch the life of an émigré dogged by his past.  Stories sketch the life of an émigré dogged by his past. Joshua Hammer reviews book The Sleep of the Righteous by Wolfgang Hilbig.

This week’s properties include a four-bedroom in Ocean Grove, N.J., and a six-bedroom in Laurel Hollow, N.Y. This week’s properties include a four-bedroom in Ocean Grove, N.J., and a six-bedroom in Laurel Hollow, N.Y. 

This week’s properties include a four-bedroom in Ocean Grove, N.J., and a six-bedroom in Laurel Hollow, N.Y. This week’s properties include a four-bedroom in Ocean Grove, N.J., and a six-bedroom in Laurel Hollow, N.Y. 

Brent Staples began his journalism career in Chicago, where he worked with several notable alumni of The Defender, a pioneering black newspaper. Brent Staples began his journalism career in Chicago, where he worked with several notable alumni of The Defender, a pioneering black newspaper. 

Recently reviewed books of particular interest. Recently reviewed books of particular interest. 

Paperback books of particular interest. Paperback books of particular interest. 

Readers respond to a recent issue devoted to poetry, a review of “The Art of Grace” and more. Readers respond to a recent issue devoted to poetry, a review of “The Art of Grace” and more. 

A study finds that female economists get far less credit for collaborative work than their male colleagues do, often harming their career prospects. A study finds that female economists get far less credit for collaborative work than their male colleagues do, often harming their career prospects. The Upshot; Justin Wolfers Economic View column notes study by economist Heather Sarsons finding female economists at universities across nation get little to no credit when they co-author research papers; finding may explain why women economists, in academic career that depends on publishing, are twice as likely to be denied tenure. 

This week’s properties are in Murray Hill, Battery Park City and Boerum Hill, Brooklyn. This week’s properties are in Murray Hill, Battery Park City and Boerum Hill, Brooklyn. 

This week’s properties are in Murray Hill, Battery Park City and Boerum Hill, Brooklyn. This week’s properties are in Murray Hill, Battery Park City and Boerum Hill, Brooklyn. 

The Securities and Exchange Commission’s annual report of credit ratings agencies finds that dubious practices persist long after the subprime meltdown. The Securities and Exchange Commission’s annual report of credit ratings agencies finds that dubious practices persist long after the subprime meltdown. Gretchen Morgenson Fair Game column contends credit ratings industry is setting up conditions that could lead to another mortgage crisis, issuing higher grades to low-quality debt; says SEC report issued at very end of 2015, going mostly unnoticed, highlights large number of errors made by some of biggest players in industry that violate some very basic credit rating rules. 

Interviews reveal the events in the 60 minutes after a 2013 bout at Madison Square Garden that left Magomed Abdusalamov with severe brain damage. Interviews reveal the events in the 60 minutes after a 2013 bout at Madison Square Garden that left Magomed Abdusalamov with severe brain damage. Dan Barry offers reconstruction of hour after 2013 heavyweight boxing match between Mike Perez and Magomed Abdusalamov at Madison Square Garden, which left Abdusalamov with severe brain damage; New York State Office of the Inspector General is still investigating fight and operations of State Athletic Commission.

Dana Katz, a Tel Aviv-born New York choreographer, gathers some of Israel’s most vigorous voices for this showcase’s sixth edition. Dana Katz, a Tel Aviv-born New York choreographer, gathers some of Israel’s most vigorous voices for this showcase’s sixth edition. 

A bonanza that has kept expanding since the mid-2000s, it’s a place to catch up on important new conversation-starters at multiple stages. A bonanza that has kept expanding since the mid-2000s, it’s a place to catch up on important new conversation-starters at multiple stages. 

For Jane Bryant Quinn, the financial expert, her Classic 6 in Manhattan was love at first sight. For Jane Bryant Quinn, the financial expert, her Classic 6 in Manhattan was love at first sight. Personal finance expert Jane Bryant Quinn loves Classic 6 on Central Park West where she and her husband host dinner parties in bookshelf-lined dining room, display artworks by JMW Turner and Edward Lear and collect objects resonant with personal meaning.

The personal finance expert lives on the Upper West Side with her husband, Carll Tucker. The personal finance expert lives on the Upper West Side with her husband, Carll Tucker. 

In a new film, Ms. Smith plays an ornery homeless woman. “It was a change from all those hats and clothes in ‘Downton,’” she said. In a new film, Ms. Smith plays an ornery homeless woman. “It was a change from all those hats and clothes in ‘Downton,’” she said. Acclaimed British actress Maggie Smith discusses her latest role, playing an eccentric homeless woman in Nicholas Hytner movie The Lady in the Van; film was inspired by personal experience of Smith's longtime friend, playwright Alan Bennett. 

Whether your game is golf, soccer, snow biking or Ping-Pong, 2016 is shaping up to be a flag-waving year among fans. Whether your game is golf, soccer, snow biking or Ping-Pong, 2016 is shaping up to be a flag-waving year among fans. Travel Roundup; sports fans can look forward to banner travel year in 2016, starting with Summer Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro; other adventures of interest to vacationing sports enthusiasts around globe highlighted. 

From the drums of Burkina Faso to a Battle of the Bands in Montreal, highlights in a year of music. From the drums of Burkina Faso to a Battle of the Bands in Montreal, highlights in a year of music. Travel Roundup; music lovers have much to choose from when planning travels for 2016; music-focused vacation destinations and events from around world highlighted. 

Truffles, beer, cherries and crustaceans are singled out for celebrations. Truffles, beer, cherries and crustaceans are singled out for celebrations. Food lovers are increasingly mobile, making journeys to even the most remote global destinations in search for culinary adventures; several notable food festivals planned for 2016 highlighted. 

Beatrix Potter turns 150, the National Park Service, 100, and Shakespeare is honored 400 years after his death. Beatrix Potter turns 150, the National Park Service, 100, and Shakespeare is honored 400 years after his death. Travel Roundup; vacation possibilities around the world in 2016 include number of milestone celebrations, including British fetes honoring 400th anniversary of Shakespeare's death; other anniversary-focused adventures noted. 

Society is getting a free ride on our unrewarded contributions to the perpetuation of the human race. Society is getting a free ride on our unrewarded contributions to the perpetuation of the human race. Judith Shulevitz Op-Ed article makes feminist case for universal basic income; suggests UBI would go long way toward constructing more gender-equal world, and would acknowledge degree to which child-rearing, which has overwhelmingly been done by women, can be viewed as unpaid labor from which society as whole benefits.

Tsalta Baptiste, who lives in Shaoxing, combined his love of acting and hip-hop to create a trailer for an unmade Tupac Shakur biopic, which drew many viewers online. Tsalta Baptiste, who lives in Shaoxing, combined his love of acting and hip-hop to create a trailer for an unmade Tupac Shakur biopic, which drew many viewers online. Tsalta Baptiste, African-American who moved to China, drew on his passion for acting and hip-hop music to produce trailer for unmade, unauthorized Tupac Shakur biopic; short video, which features Baptiste playing role of Shakur, has attracted huge number of viewers online. 

Selected by Natasha Trethewey. Selected by Natasha Trethewey. 

Two young people get together, break the law and fall in love.  Two young people get together, break the law and fall in love. Daniel Krieger Lives interview with Saudi Arabian man Hassan in which he describes falling in love and having sexual relations with young woman despite strictures against interacting with women in Islamic society; describes pain of living in society where it is illegal to fall in love.

Readers react. Readers react. 

An employee’s hard work makes the boss look good, but the boss takes all the credit and keeps the employee away from meetings and top executives. An employee’s hard work makes the boss look good, but the boss takes all the credit and keeps the employee away from meetings and top executives. Rob Walker The Workologist column offers tips on how subordinate can get credited for hard work, and reconsiders advice given in previous article on desirable job candidate with low salary history. 

Hannah Eddy asked her boss if her new job came with a boyfriend. In fact, she ended up marrying this colleague, Rodney Andrews. Hannah Eddy asked her boss if her new job came with a boyfriend. In fact, she ended up marrying this colleague, Rodney Andrews. Vows column on wedding of Hannah Eddy and Rodney Andrews.

Hannah Eddy asked her boss if her new job came with a boyfriend. In fact, she ended up marrying this colleague, Rodney Andrews. Hannah Eddy asked her boss if her new job came with a boyfriend. In fact, she ended up marrying this colleague, Rodney Andrews. 

A longtime purveyor of Ugg boots, Juicy Couture tracksuits and celebrity melodrama is to close by the end of January. A longtime purveyor of Ugg boots, Juicy Couture tracksuits and celebrity melodrama is to close by the end of January. Los Angeles boutique chain Kitson, once a favorites among young celebrities, is preparing to close all of its 17 stores after 16 years.

Houses of steel and aluminum are sprouting in cool places, a.k.a. Brooklyn neighborhoods. Houses of steel and aluminum are sprouting in cool places, a.k.a. Brooklyn neighborhoods. Many Brooklynites choose to build or remodel their homes with metal exteriors; unusual material, which is relatively cheap, durable, and energy efficient, can be controversial decision for brownstone-dwelling neighbors.

The real estate mogul won’t be the president, just as the former Alabama governor wasn’t. But losers as well as winners shape the future. The real estate mogul won’t be the president, just as the former Alabama governor wasn’t. But losers as well as winners shape the future. Campaign Stops by Prof Dan T Carter observes striking similarities between Donald Trump and George C Wallace; questions whether Trump's influence on American politics will equal or surpass that of Wallace.

O’Connor’s crowning moment came in 1989 at the 18th hole of the Ryder Cup, where he helped Europe retain the trophy. O’Connor’s crowning moment came in 1989 at the 18th hole of the Ryder Cup, where he helped Europe retain the trophy. Christy O'Connor Jr, Irish professional golfer who secured victory for Europe in the 1989 Ryder Cup with shot of his career at 18th hole, dies at age 67. 

Mr. Caldwell was one of the original members of the group, which was inducted into the Rhythm & Blues Music Hall of Fame in 2014. Mr. Caldwell was one of the original members of the group, which was inducted into the Rhythm & Blues Music Hall of Fame in 2014. Nicholas Caldwell, original member and co-songwriter for R&B group the Whispers, dies at age 71. 

Spike Lee’s film “Chi-Raq,” inspired by Aristophanes’ “Lysistrata,” will be shown on Jan. 12 and 13 at the Rosendale Theater. Spike Lee’s film “Chi-Raq,” inspired by Aristophanes’ “Lysistrata,” will be shown on Jan. 12 and 13 at the Rosendale Theater. 

The Nassau County Museum of Art offers “Family Sundays at the Museum” with hands-on art activities and opportunities to converse and collaborate. The Nassau County Museum of Art offers “Family Sundays at the Museum” with hands-on art activities and opportunities to converse and collaborate. 

The comedian Arsenio Hall, who had a hit syndicated late-night show in the early 1990s, will perform on Jan. 16 at Foxwoods Resort Casino. The comedian Arsenio Hall, who had a hit syndicated late-night show in the early 1990s, will perform on Jan. 16 at Foxwoods Resort Casino. 

Members of the Dance Theater of Harlem will perform at the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Celebration at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center this month. Members of the Dance Theater of Harlem will perform at the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Celebration at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center this month. 

Plus: an unhappy colleague who doesn’t hesitate to share, a party for a departing friend and prolonging a debate. Plus: an unhappy colleague who doesn’t hesitate to share, a party for a departing friend and prolonging a debate. Philip Galanes Social Q's on favoritism, unhappy colleagues, farewell parties and proving a point.

The film explores a maritime incident from 1952 that naval historians refer to as the greatest small-boat rescue in history. The film explores a maritime incident from 1952 that naval historians refer to as the greatest small-boat rescue in history. Craig Gillespie film The Finest Hours chronicles real-life story of four Coast Guard crewmen who rescued stranded sailors from oil tanker that broke apart during terrible storm off coast of Cape Cod in 1952.

Julia Michaels and Justin Tranter scored four Billboard hits together last year, including songs for Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber. Julia Michaels and Justin Tranter scored four Billboard hits together last year, including songs for Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber. Profile of pop's in-demand songwriting team, Julia Michaels and Justin Tranter, who have worked with both newcomers and established musical acts. 

Among this week’s look at new music, two memoirs are also added to the mix: One from Mac Mall, the other from Darlene Ortiz. Among this week’s look at new music, two memoirs are also added to the mix: One from Mac Mall, the other from Darlene Ortiz. Jon Pareles reviews latest albums by producer-singer Zhu, country singer Chris Young and rapper Wiki; also reviews books Definition of Down: My Life With Ice-T & the Birth of Hip Hop by Darlene Ortiz and memoir My Opinion by rapper Mac Mall. 

Answers to frequently asked questions about how the Travel editors choose the destinations. Answers to frequently asked questions about how the Travel editors choose the destinations. New York Times Travel section editors answer readers' questions about how 52 destinations highlighted in annual Places to Go issue are chosen. 

From the Orient Express to a 500-mile driving route in Scotland, new options to get to the places you want to see. From the Orient Express to a 500-mile driving route in Scotland, new options to get to the places you want to see. Travel Roundup; adventurous vacationers can look to 2016 for a number of new and exciting transportation options, including reintroduction of iconic Venice-Simplon Orient Express, offering restored 1920s Art Deco cars; other transit options on horizon for 2016 highlighted.  

Clove Galilee revives a show she developed with her mother, Ruth Maleczech, a founder of the experimental theater company Mabou Mines, who died in 2013. Clove Galilee revives a show she developed with her mother, Ruth Maleczech, a founder of the experimental theater company Mabou Mines, who died in 2013. Clove Galilee directs Mabou Mines and Trick Saddle production of play Imagining the Imaginary Invalid, inspired by Moliere comedy The Imaginary Invalid, at La MaMa; show features homage to French playwright and actress Ruth Maleczech, Galilee's mother, who helped conceive of and starred in original workshop production before dying of cancer in 2013.

The author, most recently, of the novel “Thomas Murphy” would like to meet Mary Shelley: “I’d ask her who the monster is meant to be. . . . Then I’d ask her how a 19-year-old comes up with this stuff.” The author, most recently, of the novel “Thomas Murphy” would like to meet Mary Shelley: “I’d ask her who the monster is meant to be. . . . Then I’d ask her how a 19-year-old comes up with this stuff.” By the Book interview with author Roger Rosenblatt, whose most recent novel is Thomas Murphy.

Stifled by the Kremlin’s impositions on free speech, I quit my job as editor of the Russian GQ and found freedom in cinema — sort of. Stifled by the Kremlin’s impositions on free speech, I quit my job as editor of the Russian GQ and found freedom in cinema — sort of. Michael Idov describes his journey becoming successful American screenwriter in Russia, despite worsening relations between countries and Russian conservatism under Vladimir Putin.

Когда Кремль ограничил свободу слова в журналистике, я нашёл ее в неожиданном месте - на российском ТВ. Когда Кремль ограничил свободу слова в журналистике, я нашёл ее в неожиданном месте - на российском ТВ. 

Making pipian — a thick sauce of seeds and chiles — with help from place and memory. Making pipian — a thick sauce of seeds and chiles — with help from place and memory. Sam Sifton Eat column offers recipe for pork chops pipian.

One of the big faults in their marriage was the failure to talk enough about financial issues. One of the big faults in their marriage was the failure to talk enough about financial issues. Unhitched column; Alec Cumming and Cynthia Harden share how financial issues and resentments, not lack of love, lead to their divorce after 15 years of marriage.

Yannis Pappas, a comedian, found an apartment to buy in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn. Yannis Pappas, a comedian, found an apartment to buy in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn. The Hunt column on search by comedian and Brooklyn native Yannis Pappas for one-bedroom apartment in borough for under $450,000; settled on corner unit in Bay Ridge co-op for $204,000.

Bitter & Esters, a shop in Prospect Heights, sells all the tools of the trade and gives beer aficionados a community of like-minded artisans. Bitter & Esters, a shop in Prospect Heights, sells all the tools of the trade and gives beer aficionados a community of like-minded artisans. Neighborhood Joint column on Bitter & Esters, store in Prospect Heights, Brooklyn, providing recipes, materials and guidance to beer home brewers.

Anthony Tommasini explores how some wrenching operas convey such emotional depth that the listener is transported instead of sad. Anthony Tommasini explores how some wrenching operas convey such emotional depth that the listener is transported instead of sad. Anthony Tommasini reflects on why certain depressing operas can leave audience feeling uplifted.

Hofesh Shechter had never choreographed for a Broadway show, but his childhood experience led him to embrace the challenge of adjusting the work of Jerome Robbins. Hofesh Shechter had never choreographed for a Broadway show, but his childhood experience led him to embrace the challenge of adjusting the work of Jerome Robbins. Broadway revival of Fiddler on the Roof, directed by Bartlett Sher, features update of original Jerome Robbins choreography by Hofesh Shechter.

The Metropolitan Opera features Franco Zeffirelli’s production of Puccini’s “Turandot,” and the Juilliard School holds its ChamberFest. The Metropolitan Opera features Franco Zeffirelli’s production of Puccini’s “Turandot,” and the Juilliard School holds its ChamberFest. 

As part of its series “The Contenders,” MoMA is screening this film starring Patrick Wilson and Kurt Russell. As part of its series “The Contenders,” MoMA is screening this film starring Patrick Wilson and Kurt Russell. 

The Metropolitan Museum recently acquired five wooden masks from the 18th century and has surrounded them with art that fleshes out a rapturous religious tale. The Metropolitan Museum recently acquired five wooden masks from the 18th century and has surrounded them with art that fleshes out a rapturous religious tale. 

This drama about passing for a younger woman opens with its heroine’s workplace secret more or less intact. This drama about passing for a younger woman opens with its heroine’s workplace secret more or less intact. 

Silvia Calderoni, a longtime member of this boundary-defying international theater company, examines gender in an autobiographical show. Silvia Calderoni, a longtime member of this boundary-defying international theater company, examines gender in an autobiographical show. 

Bitter & Esters, in Prospect Heights, sells equipment for the growing home-brew industry, holds classes and has educational tastings. Bitter & Esters, in Prospect Heights, sells equipment for the growing home-brew industry, holds classes and has educational tastings. 

The former “Daily Show” correspondent will break up late-night TV’s boys club, beginning Monday night on TBS. The former “Daily Show” correspondent will break up late-night TV’s boys club, beginning Monday night on TBS. Comedian Samantha Bee, who is preparing for debut of her weekly TBS series Full Frontal With Samantha Bee, shares her challenges; is hoping series will stand out despite competition and that show's appeal will not be limited considering she will be only woman host of a late-night satire program.

The playwright talks about her incentive for injecting a cathartic surprise into the play, which centers on two teenagers bonding over poetry homework. The playwright talks about her incentive for injecting a cathartic surprise into the play, which centers on two teenagers bonding over poetry homework. Snapshot interview with playwright Lauren Gunderson, who discusses her breakthrough play I and You, which is making its New York debut at 59E59 Theaters. 

Rob Bilott was a corporate defense attorney for eight years. Then he took on an environmental suit that would upend his entire career — and expose a brazen, decades-long history of chemical pollution. Rob Bilott was a corporate defense attorney for eight years. Then he took on an environmental suit that would upend his entire career — and expose a brazen, decades-long history of chemical pollution. Rob Bilott, onetime environmental lawyer for corporate clients, abandoned path and brought major suit against Dupont chemical company after being persuaded to examine allegations that company was poisoning water source for humans and livestock under huge swath of farmland in West Virginia.

A lottery winner is producing “The Glory of the World,” a new play that explores the life of the 20th-century American Catholic thinker Thomas Merton. A lottery winner is producing “The Glory of the World,” a new play that explores the life of the 20th-century American Catholic thinker Thomas Merton. Charles Mee play The Glory of the World, opening at Brooklyn Academy of Music, explores life of 20th-century American Catholic thinker Thomas Merton; production is directed by Les Waters and financed by Roy Cockrum, former Episcopal monk who won $259 million in 2014 lottery. 

Some salads call for breaking the rules. This is not one of them. Some salads call for breaking the rules. This is not one of them. Comedian John Hodgman offers advice about spousal dispute over whether cauliflower belongs in salads.

The chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee talks about sexist criticism, marijuana and Donald Trump. The chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee talks about sexist criticism, marijuana and Donald Trump. Ana Marie Cox Talk interview with Democratic National Committee chairwoman, Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, in which she claims young women are complacent and discusses her opposition to legalization of marijuana.

Millions of people all over the world set out food for wild animals. Is it for them or for us? Millions of people all over the world set out food for wild animals. Is it for them or for us? Helen Macdonald On Nature column examines compulsion of millions of people worldwide to feed birds and wild animals in their gardens; suggests practice is act of redemption and attempt to reach across border between humanity and nature.

Residents come to the north-central New Jersey town for its convenient commute and pedestrian-friendly, walkable community. Residents come to the north-central New Jersey town for its convenient commute and pedestrian-friendly, walkable community. Living In column on Morristown, NJ.

The north-central New Jersey town offers a lively, pedestrian-friendly, walkable community. The north-central New Jersey town offers a lively, pedestrian-friendly, walkable community. 

Mr. Sapper was especially revered by coffee connoisseurs for his lustrous stovetop Coban 9090 espresso maker, sold by Alessi, the Italian housewares manufacturer. Mr. Sapper was especially revered by coffee connoisseurs for his lustrous stovetop Coban 9090 espresso maker, sold by Alessi, the Italian housewares manufacturer. Richard Sapper, industrial designer whose sleek, precise work produced Tizio lamp and  IBM ThinkPad, dies at age 83. 

With the new year in mind, here are some ways to think ahead about airfares, places to go and how to get the best deals. With the new year in mind, here are some ways to think ahead about airfares, places to go and how to get the best deals. Seth Kugel Frugal Traveler column offers advice on how to save money on travel adventures in 2016. 

Rivka Galchen and Benjamin Moser discuss the literary transgressions they cannot forgive. Rivka Galchen and Benjamin Moser discuss the literary transgressions they cannot forgive. Rivka Galchen and Benjamin Moser discuss whether there are any literary transgressions for which a writer cannot be forgiven. 

A special-victims unit fights the hidden epidemic of sexual assault that is disturbingly difficult to investigate. A special-victims unit fights the hidden epidemic of sexual assault that is disturbingly difficult to investigate. Special-victims unit in New Haven, Conn, assigned to investigating sexual assaults of children is accustomed to frustration of prosecuting such cases in system where most rapes go unpunished and such cases often receive low priority.

Politicians twist themselves into knots to say we should or should not send troops to the Middle East — trying to wage war without actually sacrificing bodies. Politicians twist themselves into knots to say we should or should not send troops to the Middle East — trying to wage war without actually sacrificing bodies. James Traub First Words column examines phrase 'boots on the ground' to designate use of American soldiers in ground war and Pres Obama's promise to squeamish public not to put 'boots on the ground' in Middle East; says phrase has come to signify arbitrary boundary between 'war' and 'not war,' designation belied by extensive use of drone strikes.

The absence of maternal guidance is a palpable force in the journeys of two young women in a world of unsavory characters. The absence of maternal guidance is a palpable force in the journeys of two young women in a world of unsavory characters. Gregory Maguire reviews book Mr Splitfoot by Samantha Hunt.

From Ponzi to Madoff, scam artists have been reeling in marks for ages. From Ponzi to Madoff, scam artists have been reeling in marks for ages. Jonathan Mahler reviews book The Confidence Game: Why We Fall for It... Every Time by Maria Konnikova.

Travel in an age of uncertain climate means learning to deal with flight delays and other obstacles. Tips on how to be ready for whatever comes your way. Travel in an age of uncertain climate means learning to deal with flight delays and other obstacles. Tips on how to be ready for whatever comes your way. Stephanie Rosenbloom The Getaway column reminds travelers that increasingly uncertain weather patterns can unravel even most carefully planned trip; offers tips for both flexible planning and attitude to help ensure a vacation does not end up in ruins. 

Strout’s new novel is about a girl’s unquestioning, almost animal love for her mother, and her mother’s love in return. Strout’s new novel is about a girl’s unquestioning, almost animal love for her mother, and her mother’s love in return. Claire Messud reviews book My Name is Lucy Barton by Elizabeth Strout.

Franklin Roosevelt’s White House feared, threatened and shunned The Chicago Defender for calling out its racism. Franklin Roosevelt’s White House feared, threatened and shunned The Chicago Defender for calling out its racism. Brent Staples reviews book The Defender: How the Legendary Black Newspaper Changed America From the Age of the Pullman Porters to the Age of Obama by Ethan Michaeli.

Clint Emerson’s “100 Deadly Skills” includes handy pointers, like how to build a bulletproof vest out of duct tape and books. Clint Emerson’s “100 Deadly Skills” includes handy pointers, like how to build a bulletproof vest out of duct tape and books. 

The Los Angeles-based designer created his line as a response to what he feels are limited options in the field of men’s wear. The Los Angeles-based designer created his line as a response to what he feels are limited options in the field of men’s wear. 

A tour of Denise Hare’s home and ethos. A tour of Denise Hare’s home and ethos. 

El cansancio ante la corrupción y la debilidad del gobierno ahora imperan entre los mexicanos. El cansancio ante la corrupción y la debilidad del gobierno ahora imperan entre los mexicanos. 

“Aida,” “Light in the Piazza” and other musicals that played in Chicago before Broadway. “Aida,” “Light in the Piazza” and other musicals that played in Chicago before Broadway. 

Chávez falleció en 2013, pero eso no ha disuadido a sus seguidores más devotos, cuya admiración parece haber crecido después de su muerte. Chávez falleció en 2013, pero eso no ha disuadido a sus seguidores más devotos, cuya admiración parece haber crecido después de su muerte. 

Nearly 900 comments have greeted our article on the middle-aged New York bachelors who lamented where they have ended up. Nearly 900 comments have greeted our article on the middle-aged New York bachelors who lamented where they have ended up. 

When she started delving into Vivian Maier’s family history, an amateur researcher had no idea that her search would become an obsession. When she started delving into Vivian Maier’s family history, an amateur researcher had no idea that her search would become an obsession. 

 Zhouqin Burnikel on the runway. Zhouqin Burnikel on the runway.

Escribir este blog sobre Caracas ha tocado una fibra sensible en muchos lectores, que me han escrito con recuerdos, añoranzas y consejos. Escribir este blog sobre Caracas ha tocado una fibra sensible en muchos lectores, que me han escrito con recuerdos, añoranzas y consejos. 

Después de la publicación de su artículo en Rolling Stone, Sean Penn fue criticado por su prosa y la actitud amistosa con la que se dirigió a “El Chapo” Guzmán. Después de la publicación de su artículo en Rolling Stone, Sean Penn fue criticado por su prosa y la actitud amistosa con la que se dirigió a “El Chapo” Guzmán. 

 At the core of Bowie’s music and his apparent negativity is a profound yearning for connection and, most of all, for love. At the core of Bowie’s music and his apparent negativity is a profound yearning for connection and, most of all, for love.

Iñárritu es conocido por sus estándares exasperadamente altos y sus puestas en escena terriblemente complejas, las cuales no faltaron en esta película Iñárritu es conocido por sus estándares exasperadamente altos y sus puestas en escena terriblemente complejas, las cuales no faltaron en esta película 

 There will be noticeably fewer candidates on the main debate stage when Republican presidential hopefuls gather in Charleston, S.C., on Thursday night. There will be noticeably fewer candidates on the main debate stage when Republican presidential hopefuls gather in Charleston, S.C., on Thursday night.

From "The Man Who Fell to Earth" to "Labyrinth," a look back at David Bowie film roles. From "The Man Who Fell to Earth" to "Labyrinth," a look back at David Bowie film roles. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

At London Collections: Men, designers including Craig Green and Agi & Sam experimented with the look. At London Collections: Men, designers including Craig Green and Agi & Sam experimented with the look. 

 Julián Castro, the federal housing secretary, said that if Republicans “recklessly” abandoned the Affordable Care Act without replacing it with “something thoughtful,” Latinos would “suffer tremendously.” Julián Castro, the federal housing secretary, said that if Republicans “recklessly” abandoned the Affordable Care Act without replacing it with “something thoughtful,” Latinos would “suffer tremendously.”

Jonathan Anderson explored the idea of speed in his fall/winter 2016 collection — while Dunhill quietly refreshed old classics. Jonathan Anderson explored the idea of speed in his fall/winter 2016 collection — while Dunhill quietly refreshed old classics. 

 Summoning a bit of Donald J. Trump’s gloom, Senator Marco Rubio on Monday told an audience here that half of young Americans believe the American Dream is dead, a warning sign he said should rouse voters to seek a new direction in 2016. Summoning a bit of Donald J. Trump’s gloom, Senator Marco Rubio on Monday told an audience here that half of young Americans believe the American Dream is dead, a warning sign he said should rouse voters to seek a new direction in 2016.

David Bowie had an indelible effect on music videos as a storytelling method. From “John, I’m Only Dancing” in 1972 to “Lazarus” just last week, Bowie’s experimentation helped make music videos what they are. David Bowie had an indelible effect on music videos as a storytelling method. From “John, I’m Only Dancing” in 1972 to “Lazarus” just last week, Bowie’s experimentation helped make music videos what they are. 

 Two sides of health care swirl together, almost impossible separate. And missteps lead occasionally to beneficial results. Two sides of health care swirl together, almost impossible separate. And missteps lead occasionally to beneficial results.

Kirsten Dunst, Cate Blanchett and Kate Winslet all chose dangling accessories that were (or just looked) over a century old. Kirsten Dunst, Cate Blanchett and Kate Winslet all chose dangling accessories that were (or just looked) over a century old. 

File footage of elephants performing in the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey circus. File footage of elephants performing in the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey circus. 

 The White House is leaving no platform uncovered for the president’s last State of the Union address, unveiling a new Snapchat account and live encounters this week on NBC and YouTube. The White House is leaving no platform uncovered for the president’s last State of the Union address, unveiling a new Snapchat account and live encounters this week on NBC and YouTube.

 Facing new pressure from Bernie Sanders in Iowa, Hillary Clinton warn Iowans that, if elected president, he would put their health insurance in the hands of Republican governors and raise taxes on the middle class. Facing new pressure from Bernie Sanders in Iowa, Hillary Clinton warn Iowans that, if elected president, he would put their health insurance in the hands of Republican governors and raise taxes on the middle class.

 With the rise of personalized approaches to nutrition, often based on genetic testing, broad standards seem less and less relevant. With the rise of personalized approaches to nutrition, often based on genetic testing, broad standards seem less and less relevant.

 After a record-breaking week, grosses were down considerably. After a record-breaking week, grosses were down considerably.

 Photos from London, Ukraine, France and South Africa. Photos from London, Ukraine, France and South Africa.

London and More — Pictures of the Day London and More — Pictures of the Day 

The iconic singer, producer, actor and artist died Sunday at age 69. Here, some of his most idiosyncratic and indelible looks. The iconic singer, producer, actor and artist died Sunday at age 69. Here, some of his most idiosyncratic and indelible looks. 

 Last year was the fifth in a row in which 40 percent or more Americans identified themselves as independents rather than Democrats or Republicans. Last year was the fifth in a row in which 40 percent or more Americans identified themselves as independents rather than Democrats or Republicans.

 Research showed that mothers who believed they were having large babies were nearly five times more likely to ask for a scheduled C-section. Research showed that mothers who believed they were having large babies were nearly five times more likely to ask for a scheduled C-section.

Our collection of money advice written on index cards yielded an outpouring of submissions from both New York Times readers and financial experts. Our collection of money advice written on index cards yielded an outpouring of submissions from both New York Times readers and financial experts. 

The classic style is back for spring 2016, but why wait until then to try it? Experts share how to get their runway looks at home. The classic style is back for spring 2016, but why wait until then to try it? Experts share how to get their runway looks at home. 

In London, Coach 1941, Burberry and Katie Eary all showed collections featuring oversized shearlings and minks. In London, Coach 1941, Burberry and Katie Eary all showed collections featuring oversized shearlings and minks. 

 Adele’s “25” is still the top-selling album of the week, adding an additional 164,000 copies sold to its tally for a seventh week at No. 1. Adele’s “25” is still the top-selling album of the week, adding an additional 164,000 copies sold to its tally for a seventh week at No. 1.

A look at Pennsylvania Station’s past uncovers treasures in The Times’s photo archive. A look at Pennsylvania Station’s past uncovers treasures in The Times’s photo archive. 

 About 18.5 million people tuned in to NBC’s broadcast, down about 5 percent from last year’s total. About 18.5 million people tuned in to NBC’s broadcast, down about 5 percent from last year’s total.

 Sarah Howe’s “Loop of Jade” is the first debut collection of poetry to win the T.S. Eliot Prize. Sarah Howe’s “Loop of Jade” is the first debut collection of poetry to win the T.S. Eliot Prize.

 The awards, given by the American Library Association, were announced on Monday at the group’s midwinter conference in Boston. The awards, given by the American Library Association, were announced on Monday at the group’s midwinter conference in Boston.

 Sean Penn’s interview with the drug kingpin El Chapo was a “great get” of a story, but Times editors would have walked away from the interview, they say. Sean Penn’s interview with the drug kingpin El Chapo was a “great get” of a story, but Times editors would have walked away from the interview, they say.

 Donald J. Trump and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas remain locked in a tight race for the lead in Iowa less than three weeks before the state’s caucuses, according to a new survey from Quinnipiac University. Donald J. Trump and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas remain locked in a tight race for the lead in Iowa less than three weeks before the state’s caucuses, according to a new survey from Quinnipiac University.

 The piece, “Gettin’ Religion,” a museum curator said, “will come to be regarded as one of the icons of the Whitney’s collection.” The piece, “Gettin’ Religion,” a museum curator said, “will come to be regarded as one of the icons of the Whitney’s collection.”

 Donald J. Trump is handily leading the field in New Hampshire in the Republican presidential race, according to a new Monmouth University poll, running far ahead of his closest competitors, Senator Ted Cruz and Gov. John Kasich. Donald J. Trump is handily leading the field in New Hampshire in the Republican presidential race, according to a new Monmouth University poll, running far ahead of his closest competitors, Senator Ted Cruz and Gov. John Kasich.

The year-old British label Bruta sells an assortment of embroidered garments and hand-painted ceramics. The year-old British label Bruta sells an assortment of embroidered garments and hand-painted ceramics. 

One new British line focuses on garments and ceramics. One new British line focuses on garments and ceramics. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: The first joint action by German and Italian airmen is carried out in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: The first joint action by German and Italian airmen is carried out in 1941.

Men’s wear designs for next fall from Liam Hodges. Men’s wear designs for next fall from Liam Hodges. 

Melissa Clark做了焦糖柠檬，然后把它们加入意面，并装点上了芹菜叶子。 Melissa Clark做了焦糖柠檬，然后把它们加入意面，并装点上了芹菜叶子。 

 The New York Times would like to hear from David Bowie fans about their experiences attending his concerts and listening to his music. The New York Times would like to hear from David Bowie fans about their experiences attending his concerts and listening to his music.

Not all of the super-rich are smug and selfish. Not all of the super-rich are smug and selfish. 

Christopher Bailey’s take on fall 2016 men’s for Burberry. Christopher Bailey’s take on fall 2016 men’s for Burberry. 

More than 1,200 readers wrote us to answer our question: “How have medical bills changed your life?” More than 1,200 readers wrote us to answer our question: “How have medical bills changed your life?” 

The country's insincerity in diplomacy justifies its diminishing soft power. The country's insincerity in diplomacy justifies its diminishing soft power. 

The fall 2016 men’s collection from Thom Sweeney. The fall 2016 men’s collection from Thom Sweeney. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Draft is likely to be voted in Great Britain in 1916. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Draft is likely to be voted in Great Britain in 1916.

 An already busy start to the year for the tech sector is set to ramp up with the beginning of the tech earnings season this week. An already busy start to the year for the tech sector is set to ramp up with the beginning of the tech earnings season this week.

 A majority of Americans support the president’s actions on guns. Will that be enough to make gun safety an issue in the coming election? A majority of Americans support the president’s actions on guns. Will that be enough to make gun safety an issue in the coming election?

Pushing men out of their comfort zones can be risky but, in the end, fashion is about change. Pushing men out of their comfort zones can be risky but, in the end, fashion is about change. 

 Each event will take place in Charleston, S.C. On the Republican side on Thursday, the debate is sponsored by Fox Business Network, which hosted a forum in November that was heavily focused on policy. Each event will take place in Charleston, S.C. On the Republican side on Thursday, the debate is sponsored by Fox Business Network, which hosted a forum in November that was heavily focused on policy.

 Mr. Rubio, who has focused on a message more suited to a general election than he has on one that conservative primary voters would find appealing, will give a speech on tax policy in Florida. The next few weeks serve as a test for him amid his efforts to give his campaign a push. Mr. Rubio, who has focused on a message more suited to a general election than he has on one that conservative primary voters would find appealing, will give a speech on tax policy in Florida. The next few weeks serve as a test for him amid his efforts to give his campaign a push.

 As lawmakers return on Monday, much of the early attention will be on mapping out a plan for the year, and for Mitch McConnell, the majority leader, charting a course that avoids putting Republicans up for re-election in Democratic or battleground states in difficult positions. As lawmakers return on Monday, much of the early attention will be on mapping out a plan for the year, and for Mitch McConnell, the majority leader, charting a course that avoids putting Republicans up for re-election in Democratic or battleground states in difficult positions.

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

Monday: Canine commuters, chilly weather, and ticket trouble. Monday: Canine commuters, chilly weather, and ticket trouble. 

 In this post, English Language Learners investigate the legacy of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., learn about idioms, and discuss monuments they have seen or know about. In this post, English Language Learners investigate the legacy of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., learn about idioms, and discuss monuments they have seen or know about.

 In a case that Justice Elena Kagan has said could “radically restructure the way workplaces across” the United States “are run,” the court will hear from both sides of a case brought by 10 California teachers who say they have a First Amendment right not to pay fees to a union. In a case that Justice Elena Kagan has said could “radically restructure the way workplaces across” the United States “are run,” the court will hear from both sides of a case brought by 10 California teachers who say they have a First Amendment right not to pay fees to a union.

 Steven Cohen Will Be Free to Manage Outside Money in 2 Years | Yahoo’s Brain Drain Shows Loss of Faith Steven Cohen Will Be Free to Manage Outside Money in 2 Years | Yahoo’s Brain Drain Shows Loss of Faith

What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including an app that allows passengers to swap seats (for a price) and more Wi-Fi at U.S. airports. What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including an app that allows passengers to swap seats (for a price) and more Wi-Fi at U.S. airports. In Transit blog; Boingo, Wi-Fi service provider, introduces tiered pricing for online access at several airports in United States.

 Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, an incurable lung disease, often takes two years to be diagnosed correctly, but drugs have been shown to help slow the loss of lung function. Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, an incurable lung disease, often takes two years to be diagnosed correctly, but drugs have been shown to help slow the loss of lung function.

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

A team of scientists argue Earth has now entered a distinct age from the Holocene epoch, due to the colossal changes humans have made since the mid-20th century. A team of scientists argue Earth has now entered a distinct age from the Holocene epoch, due to the colossal changes humans have made since the mid-20th century. 

 On Mondays, we publish a Times photo without a caption, headline or other information about its origins. Join the conversation by commenting on what you see and why. A live discussion is offered that day from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Eastern. On Mondays, we publish a Times photo without a caption, headline or other information about its origins. Join the conversation by commenting on what you see and why. A live discussion is offered that day from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Eastern.

 Will hoverboards stand the test of time or soon be forgotten? Will hoverboards stand the test of time or soon be forgotten?

 With Puerto Rico’s economic crisis forcing many young professionals to seek opportunity on the American mainland, Joseph Rodriguez looked at those who have stayed behind. With Puerto Rico’s economic crisis forcing many young professionals to seek opportunity on the American mainland, Joseph Rodriguez looked at those who have stayed behind.

 What turn of events occurred since Friday in the life of Mexican drug lord Joaquín Guzmán Loera? What turn of events occurred since Friday in the life of Mexican drug lord Joaquín Guzmán Loera?

 Once upon a time, acquiring wisdom and being a good person were intimately linked. The modern university changed all that. Once upon a time, acquiring wisdom and being a good person were intimately linked. The modern university changed all that.

Regulations such as safety features and registration are needed to make a dent in gun violence. Regulations such as safety features and registration are needed to make a dent in gun violence. Charles M Blow Op-Ed article concedes gun-rights advocates are correct to emphasize amount of gun violence committed by people whose guns were obtained illegally; argues responsible gun owners must set aside their resistance to handful of measures which best ensure guns stay out of criminals' hands.

Some leaders from both parties have seen the wisdom of not rejecting generous federal matching funds. Some leaders from both parties have seen the wisdom of not rejecting generous federal matching funds. Editorial praises governors who have acted or are considering acting to override Republican state lawmakers' objections to expanding Medicaid; asserts rejecting federal matching funds for Medicaid is foolish and withholding healthcare from citizens for ideological reasons immoral; chastises handful of remaining holdouts.

Dire warnings from Republicans about the effect of President Obama’s policies on employment have simply not come true. Dire warnings from Republicans about the effect of President Obama’s policies on employment have simply not come true. Paul Krugman Op-Ed column argues recent surge in job creation has less to do with Pres Obama's policies, which conservatives insisted would ruin economy, and more to do with limitations of conservative economic theory.

President Paul Kagame backers abroad should pay more attention to the country’s worsening human rights abuses. President Paul Kagame backers abroad should pay more attention to the country’s worsening human rights abuses. Editorial doubts sincerity of Rwandan Pres Paul Kagame's claim that he wants to eventually cede power, after referendum enabled him to seek third term; calls on Kagame's prominent Western supporters to acknowledge suppression of political dissent in country alongside its advances in security and economy.

Besides its nuclear plans, Tehran has been advancing the capabilities of its ballistic missiles. Besides its nuclear plans, Tehran has been advancing the capabilities of its ballistic missiles. Editorial argues United States should impose new sanctions on Iran after its testing of ballistic missiles in violation of United Nations resolutions, even as it lifts others according to terms of recent nuclear deal; suggests Obama administration consider waiting until Iran meets final obligations of nuclear accord, releases journalist Jason Rezaian and current Shiite-Sunni conflict in region settles down.

Can liberals and conservatives get along in one of the country’s reddest states? Can liberals and conservatives get along in one of the country’s reddest states? Op-Ed article by author Roy Hoffman marvels at breadth of divide between tiny minority of Democrats and their Republican neighbors around Mobile Bay, Ala; asserts dialogue and respect between two sides which existed as recently as 1990s has largely disappeared; hopes discourse might survive due to residents' shared appreciation of region's land and traditions.

Readers offer ideas for improving the job options for women who are, as one says, “victims of the double whammy of gender and age discrimination.” Readers offer ideas for improving the job options for women who are, as one says, “victims of the double whammy of gender and age discrimination.” 

Readers say the issue of profits should be transparent for donors of cells and tissue. Readers say the issue of profits should be transparent for donors of cells and tissue. 

A law professor challenges a change to the federal discovery rules for civil litigation. A law professor challenges a change to the federal discovery rules for civil litigation. 

The general manager of the Del Puerto Water District writes that in a drought water is everybody’s business. The general manager of the Del Puerto Water District writes that in a drought water is everybody’s business. 

Mr. Gervais is a funny and creative comic, but as host he risks becoming a Ricky Gervais tribute band dutifully smashing his guitar on cue. Mr. Gervais is a funny and creative comic, but as host he risks becoming a Ricky Gervais tribute band dutifully smashing his guitar on cue. James Poniewozik reviews television broadcast of Golden Globes awards ceremony, hosted by comedian Ricky Gervais.

 This word has appeared in nine New York Times articles in the past year. This word has appeared in nine New York Times articles in the past year.

The House is expected to consider a comprehensive overhaul of open records that would require the government to create a single online portal for requests to any government agency. The House is expected to consider a comprehensive overhaul of open records that would require the government to create a single online portal for requests to any government agency. House is expected to take up largest overhaul of government's open records law since 2007; legislation, which has broad bipartisan support, is aimed at speeding and streamlining open records access by mandating creation of single online portal for requests to any government agency.

On Monday Bruin Sports Capital is expected to announce Courtside Ventures, a new $35 million venture investment firm to be based in Detroit and New York that is meant to invest in nascent sports and media technology start-ups. On Monday Bruin Sports Capital is expected to announce Courtside Ventures, a new $35 million venture investment firm to be based in Detroit and New York that is meant to invest in nascent sports and media technology start-ups. George Pyne will announce his company Bruin Sports Capital has set up venture investment firm Courtside Ventures; it will invest in new sports and media technology start-ups.

HOWAT--Anne Hadley. 27 September 1937 - 5 January 2016. Executive volunteer in family planning through EngenderHealth. She was married to her best friend Jock, who died in June, for 57 years. She was a loving mother to her daughters, Karen and Laura, both surviving, and a kind and engaging friend to many. In lieu of flowers, please send donations to EngenderHealth, New York City. Memorial plans are to be determined. 1/3 HOWAT--Anne Hadley. 27 September 1937 - 5 January 2016. Executive volunteer in family planning through EngenderHealth. She was married to her best friend Jock, who died in June, for 57 years. She was a loving mother to her daughters, Karen and Laura, both surviving, and a kind and engaging friend to many. In lieu of flowers, please send donations to EngenderHealth, New York City. Memorial plans are to be determined. 1/3 

CHABON--Brenda, PhD, January 7, 2016. Clinical psychologist for 20 years at Montefiore Medical Center; esteemed teacher, beloved partner of Marco Persichetti and his daughter Katherine; loving sister of Arthur Chabon; cherished aunt of Isaac and Jacob Chabon. 1/3 CHABON--Brenda, PhD, January 7, 2016. Clinical psychologist for 20 years at Montefiore Medical Center; esteemed teacher, beloved partner of Marco Persichetti and his daughter Katherine; loving sister of Arthur Chabon; cherished aunt of Isaac and Jacob Chabon. 1/3 

KREMEN--Andrea, died on January 7, 2016 at the age of 68. Beloved wife of Arnold Kotlen. Loving mother of Jessica (Bill) and Gillian. Adoring grandmother of Alek and Jake. Dear daughter of Ruth Kremen. She had a life filled with a distinguished career in the legal field, countless trips all over the world, hours spent reading novel after novel, and an endless love of the arts. However, the true light of her life was the time spent with her two grandchildren. Services Monday, 12 noon at "The Riverside" 76 Street and Amsterdam Avenue. 1/3 KREMEN--Andrea, died on January 7, 2016 at the age of 68. Beloved wife of Arnold Kotlen. Loving mother of Jessica (Bill) and Gillian. Adoring grandmother of Alek and Jake. Dear daughter of Ruth Kremen. She had a life filled with a distinguished career in the legal field, countless trips all over the world, hours spent reading novel after novel, and an endless love of the arts. However, the true light of her life was the time spent with her two grandchildren. Services Monday, 12 noon at "The Riverside" 76 Street and Amsterdam Avenue. 1/3 

ROSENBLATT--Helen, on January 8, 2016. Beloved wife of Bob. Loving mother of Neil (Stacey) and Melissa (Mike) Katz. Adored Grandma of Ella, Jenna, and Alex. Cherished sister of Lenny (Ellen) Chess, the late Normie Chess and sister-in-law Kim Chess. Also, survived by many nieces and nephews. Services under the direction of Schwartz Brothers-Jeffer Memorial Chapels. 1/3 ROSENBLATT--Helen, on January 8, 2016. Beloved wife of Bob. Loving mother of Neil (Stacey) and Melissa (Mike) Katz. Adored Grandma of Ella, Jenna, and Alex. Cherished sister of Lenny (Ellen) Chess, the late Normie Chess and sister-in-law Kim Chess. Also, survived by many nieces and nephews. Services under the direction of Schwartz Brothers-Jeffer Memorial Chapels. 1/3 

HELLER--Leon I.,93, January 9, 2016. Survived by sons Michael (Heli) and Stephen (Evelyn), five grandchildren, three great-grandchildren. Predeceased by his wife, Susan, of blessed memory. Former Director of Madison Medical Laboratories. Served as Ritual Director and Vice President of Park Avenue Synagogue. Loved as a man of great intellect, integrity and comedic genius. Funeral 11:00am Monday, Plaza Jewish Community Chapel, 630 Amsterdam Avenue. 1/3 HELLER--Leon I.,93, January 9, 2016. Survived by sons Michael (Heli) and Stephen (Evelyn), five grandchildren, three great-grandchildren. Predeceased by his wife, Susan, of blessed memory. Former Director of Madison Medical Laboratories. Served as Ritual Director and Vice President of Park Avenue Synagogue. Loved as a man of great intellect, integrity and comedic genius. Funeral 11:00am Monday, Plaza Jewish Community Chapel, 630 Amsterdam Avenue. 1/3 

KAYE--Judith S. The directors and members of the New York International Arbitration Center deeply mourn the passing of our chairperson, the Hon. Judith S. Kaye, former Chief Judge of the New York State Court of Appeals. We were privileged to have her take on the leadership of the Center. She brought it from a concept to a reality and led it with her inimitable warmth, grace, and humor. Her legacy will honor her memory. Board of Directors and Alexandra Dosman, Executive Director, New York International Arbitration Center 1/3 KAYE--Judith S. The directors and members of the New York International Arbitration Center deeply mourn the passing of our chairperson, the Hon. Judith S. Kaye, former Chief Judge of the New York State Court of Appeals. We were privileged to have her take on the leadership of the Center. She brought it from a concept to a reality and led it with her inimitable warmth, grace, and humor. Her legacy will honor her memory. Board of Directors and Alexandra Dosman, Executive Director, New York International Arbitration Center 1/3 

CARPENTER--David Chandler, 74, died January 9, 2016 surrounded by his loving family. He leaves his wife of 24 years, Elizabeth, son Stefan, daughter Leslie Kolczak (Franck), stepson Adam Gould (Natalie), and adored grandchildren, Luc and Sasha. David graduated from Middlebury College and Rutgers University, and was very happily retired after a successful career in international and private banking. He enjoyed life to the fullest until the very end. David's passions included family, friends, world travel, gourmet cooking and good wine. 1/3 CARPENTER--David Chandler, 74, died January 9, 2016 surrounded by his loving family. He leaves his wife of 24 years, Elizabeth, son Stefan, daughter Leslie Kolczak (Franck), stepson Adam Gould (Natalie), and adored grandchildren, Luc and Sasha. David graduated from Middlebury College and Rutgers University, and was very happily retired after a successful career in international and private banking. He enjoyed life to the fullest until the very end. David's passions included family, friends, world travel, gourmet cooking and good wine. 1/3 

SHAPIRO--Lorraine. 1927-2016. A master teacher who inspired generations of children to live their dreams. Beloved wife of 65 years to Herb in a marriage for the ages. Adored mother of Michael, James, and Jill. Cherished grandmother of Eliza, Jay and Luke. Loving mother-in-law to Susan and Mary. She taught first grade until she was 78 and continued to volunteer in retirement, teaching children in oncology wards. An artist of quiltmaking and baking. Her imprint is indelible, a tribute to optimism, irrepressibility and zest. 1/3 SHAPIRO--Lorraine. 1927-2016. A master teacher who inspired generations of children to live their dreams. Beloved wife of 65 years to Herb in a marriage for the ages. Adored mother of Michael, James, and Jill. Cherished grandmother of Eliza, Jay and Luke. Loving mother-in-law to Susan and Mary. She taught first grade until she was 78 and continued to volunteer in retirement, teaching children in oncology wards. An artist of quiltmaking and baking. Her imprint is indelible, a tribute to optimism, irrepressibility and zest. 1/3 

PAHLAVI--Her Imperial Highness Princess Ashraf, twin sister of His Late Imperial Majesty, Shah of Iran, died peacefully in her home in Europe January 7 at age 96. Survived by her son Prince Chahram Pahlavi, five grandsons and great-grandchildren. Her Imperial Highness was President of the Women's Organization of Iran, Honorary Vice Chair of Iran's National Committee for World Literacy Program, Vice President of the Imperial Organization for Social Welfare, Head of the Iranian Delegation to the United Nations, Chair of the First United Nations Conference on Human Rights in Tehran in 1968, Chair of the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women, Honorary President of the Foundation for Iranian Studies, Pioneer in women's rights and was the first woman to appear unveiled in public. As emissary for her brother, she developed tied to many nations of interest to Iran. A skilled diplomat who successfully established full diplomatic relations between Iran and the Peoples Republic of China. In exile she remained active supporting initiatives related to reviving Iran's cultural, literary and artistic heritage. 1/3 PAHLAVI--Her Imperial Highness Princess Ashraf, twin sister of His Late Imperial Majesty, Shah of Iran, died peacefully in her home in Europe January 7 at age 96. Survived by her son Prince Chahram Pahlavi, five grandsons and great-grandchildren. Her Imperial Highness was President of the Women's Organization of Iran, Honorary Vice Chair of Iran's National Committee for World Literacy Program, Vice President of the Imperial Organization for Social Welfare, Head of the Iranian Delegation to the United Nations, Chair of the First United Nations Conference on Human Rights in Tehran in 1968, Chair of the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women, Honorary President of the Foundation for Iranian Studies, Pioneer in women's rights and was the first woman to appear unveiled in public. As emissary for her brother, she developed tied to many nations of interest to Iran. A skilled diplomat who successfully established full diplomatic relations between Iran and the Peoples Republic of China. In exile she remained active supporting initiatives related to reviving Iran's cultural, literary and artistic heritage. 1/3 

DOPPELT--Eleanor. On January 9, our beautiful, beloved mother passed. Ellie was predeceased by her adoring husband, Stanley. Cherished mother of Earl (Diane), Stuart (Roni) Jonathan (Carolyn) and Alison Kozek (Neil). Devoted grandmother of Brad, Kyle and Meredith Doppelt, Brian and Stephanie Doppelt, Jason, David and Jennifer Doppelt and Adam, Daniel and Brooke Kozek. Doting great-grandmother of Hunter, Miles and Leya. Loving sister of Alvin Lee. She will be missed by all. 1/3 DOPPELT--Eleanor. On January 9, our beautiful, beloved mother passed. Ellie was predeceased by her adoring husband, Stanley. Cherished mother of Earl (Diane), Stuart (Roni) Jonathan (Carolyn) and Alison Kozek (Neil). Devoted grandmother of Brad, Kyle and Meredith Doppelt, Brian and Stephanie Doppelt, Jason, David and Jennifer Doppelt and Adam, Daniel and Brooke Kozek. Doting great-grandmother of Hunter, Miles and Leya. Loving sister of Alvin Lee. She will be missed by all. 1/3 

MOORE--John McDonald. 1/11/19 -9/14/99. Cherished. 1/3 MOORE--John McDonald. 1/11/19 -9/14/99. Cherished. 1/3 

CARON--Anne T.,(Flanagan), 84, died at the Orchard Cove Retirement Community in Canton, MA on Saturday, January 9, 2016. She was the wife of the late Wilfred R. Caron. Born and raised in New York City, she was a graduate of Villa Maria Academy and St. John's University. Anne was a resident of Canton for four years after living in Little Compton, RI for 16 years. Prior to that, she resided in Scarborough, NY and Washington, DC. Mrs. Caron worked for IBM in New York, New Jersey and Washington, DC for 35 years, retiring as a manager in 1991. She enjoyed reading and was very active at Orchard Cove. Mrs. Caron was the sister of Catherine A. Sheehan of Brentwood, NY and the late John J. Flanagan. She is also survived by several nieces and nephews. Visitation will be held from the Farley Funeral Home, 358 Park St. (Rt.27), Stoughton, MA on Friday from 9-10am followed by a Funeral Mass at St. James Church, Stoughton at 10:30am. Interment will take place at the Massachusetts National Cemetery, Bourne. In lieu of flowers, donations in Anne's memory may be made to Massachusetts General Hospital Cancer Research, Development Office, 125 Nashua St., Suite 540, Boston, MA 02114. Directions and obituary at www.farley fh.com. 1/3 CARON--Anne T.,(Flanagan), 84, died at the Orchard Cove Retirement Community in Canton, MA on Saturday, January 9, 2016. She was the wife of the late Wilfred R. Caron. Born and raised in New York City, she was a graduate of Villa Maria Academy and St. John's University. Anne was a resident of Canton for four years after living in Little Compton, RI for 16 years. Prior to that, she resided in Scarborough, NY and Washington, DC. Mrs. Caron worked for IBM in New York, New Jersey and Washington, DC for 35 years, retiring as a manager in 1991. She enjoyed reading and was very active at Orchard Cove. Mrs. Caron was the sister of Catherine A. Sheehan of Brentwood, NY and the late John J. Flanagan. She is also survived by several nieces and nephews. Visitation will be held from the Farley Funeral Home, 358 Park St. (Rt.27), Stoughton, MA on Friday from 9-10am followed by a Funeral Mass at St. James Church, Stoughton at 10:30am. Interment will take place at the Massachusetts National Cemetery, Bourne. In lieu of flowers, donations in Anne's memory may be made to Massachusetts General Hospital Cancer Research, Development Office, 125 Nashua St., Suite 540, Boston, MA 02114. Directions and obituary at www.farley fh.com. 1/3 

von ZUBEN--Frederick G.,died peacefully on January 7, 2016 at 77 years old with his devoted wife of 47 years, their two loving sons and his sister by his side. He is survived by his wife Antonia, his sons Christian and Max, his daughters-in-law Erin and Heather, his five grandchildren Michael, Aidan, Lucy, Phoebe and Grace, and his sister Jane Thompson. Fred was born in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. He cherished his family and was a friend to many. He was an avid sportsman and was a Hall of Honor hockey player at Colgate University. Fred and Toni raised their sons in New Vernon, NJ and loved to spend time with family in Southold, NY and at Point Clark on Lake Huron in Ontario. The family will receive friends at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street in New York City on Monday, January 11 from 2-4pm and 7-9pm. Funeral services will be held Tuesday, January 12 at 11am at St. Mary's Abbey at Delbarton School, 230 Mendham Road, Morristown, NJ. Memorial donations may be made to the Parkinson's Disease Foundation at: www.pdf.org. 1/3 von ZUBEN--Frederick G.,died peacefully on January 7, 2016 at 77 years old with his devoted wife of 47 years, their two loving sons and his sister by his side. He is survived by his wife Antonia, his sons Christian and Max, his daughters-in-law Erin and Heather, his five grandchildren Michael, Aidan, Lucy, Phoebe and Grace, and his sister Jane Thompson. Fred was born in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. He cherished his family and was a friend to many. He was an avid sportsman and was a Hall of Honor hockey player at Colgate University. Fred and Toni raised their sons in New Vernon, NJ and loved to spend time with family in Southold, NY and at Point Clark on Lake Huron in Ontario. The family will receive friends at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street in New York City on Monday, January 11 from 2-4pm and 7-9pm. Funeral services will be held Tuesday, January 12 at 11am at St. Mary's Abbey at Delbarton School, 230 Mendham Road, Morristown, NJ. Memorial donations may be made to the Parkinson's Disease Foundation at: www.pdf.org. 1/3 

DOPPELT--Eleanor. My very dear friend for over forty years. I will miss you and all our good times together. Rest in peace. Gloria 1/3 DOPPELT--Eleanor. My very dear friend for over forty years. I will miss you and all our good times together. Rest in peace. Gloria 1/3 

KAYE--Hon. Judith. Extraordinary jurist, humanitarian, friend. Her concern for children, families, victims of breast cancer will be perpetuated in the work that she initiated. We shall miss her forever. Sondra Miller 1/3 KAYE--Hon. Judith. Extraordinary jurist, humanitarian, friend. Her concern for children, families, victims of breast cancer will be perpetuated in the work that she initiated. We shall miss her forever. Sondra Miller 1/3 

ELLENBERG--James Louis, formerly of Rye Brook NY, age 75, passed away January 9th, 2016. He is predeceased by his loving wife Joan Ellenberg, and his parents Louis and Claire Ellenberg. Jim is survived by his devoted sons, Larry (Robin) and Gregg (Tatum) and his adored grandchildren, Jordan, Max and Hatty as well as his loving sister Judi Falk (Maurice) Private funeral will be Monday followed by Shiva held Monday and Tuesday 4-8:30pm. Contact family for address. 1/3 ELLENBERG--James Louis, formerly of Rye Brook NY, age 75, passed away January 9th, 2016. He is predeceased by his loving wife Joan Ellenberg, and his parents Louis and Claire Ellenberg. Jim is survived by his devoted sons, Larry (Robin) and Gregg (Tatum) and his adored grandchildren, Jordan, Max and Hatty as well as his loving sister Judi Falk (Maurice) Private funeral will be Monday followed by Shiva held Monday and Tuesday 4-8:30pm. Contact family for address. 1/3 

GLASSER--Gilda. Cherished and loving wife of Gerry. Adored mother of Joy, Judy and Bonnie. Grandmother and great-grand- mother to Leah, Reuben, Bennett, Grant, Cameron, Juliana and Allison. Words cannot express how much she will be missed. 1/3 GLASSER--Gilda. Cherished and loving wife of Gerry. Adored mother of Joy, Judy and Bonnie. Grandmother and great-grand- mother to Leah, Reuben, Bennett, Grant, Cameron, Juliana and Allison. Words cannot express how much she will be missed. 1/3 

A bus carrying amateur soccer players and fans plunged into a river after careening off a bridge in eastern Mexico, leaving at least 21 people dead, the authorities said. A bus carrying amateur soccer players and fans plunged into a river after careening off a bridge in eastern Mexico, leaving at least 21 people dead, the authorities said. Bus careens off bridge and lands in river in Veracruz, Mexico, killing at least 21 amateur soccer players and fans.

Shaun Murphy of England, the defending champion, lost his opening match at the Masters, falling to Mark Allen of Northern Ireland, 6-4, at Alexandra Palace in London. Shaun Murphy of England, the defending champion, lost his opening match at the Masters, falling to Mark Allen of Northern Ireland, 6-4, at Alexandra Palace in London. Mark Allen defeats defending champion Shaun Murphy in quarterfinals of 2016 Masters Snooker.

Arkansas running back Alex Collins said he would skip his senior season and enter the N.F.L. draft, ending his college career with 3,703 rushing yards, the second most in program history. Arkansas running back Alex Collins said he would skip his senior season and enter the N.F.L. draft, ending his college career with 3,703 rushing yards, the second most in program history. Arkansas running back Alex Collins announces that he is skipping his senior year to enter 2016 NFL draft; other college football news noted.

Jordan Spieth cruised to victory at the Hyundai Tournament of Champions on Sunday, closing with a six-under-par 67 for an eight-shot victory over Patrick Reed in Kapalua, Hawaii. Jordan Spieth cruised to victory at the Hyundai Tournament of Champions on Sunday, closing with a six-under-par 67 for an eight-shot victory over Patrick Reed in Kapalua, Hawaii. Jordan Spieth wins Hyundai Tournament of Champions golf tournament in Kapalua, Hawaii; other golf news noted.

The news of the arrest of Joaquín Guzmán Loera, the Mexican drug lord known as El Chapo, drew a sigh in New York City’s Mexican enclaves, but for a number of different reasons. The news of the arrest of Joaquín Guzmán Loera, the Mexican drug lord known as El Chapo, drew a sigh in New York City’s Mexican enclaves, but for a number of different reasons. 

The Knicks added more evidence of their progress to the pile with a 100-88 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday night. The Knicks added more evidence of their progress to the pile with a 100-88 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday night. New York Knicks defeat Minnesota Bucks, 100-88.

Women rejected old-fashioned mermaid gowns, princess frocks and sex bomblet slithers in favor of an entirely more no-nonsense aerodynamic ease. Women rejected old-fashioned mermaid gowns, princess frocks and sex bomblet slithers in favor of an entirely more no-nonsense aerodynamic ease. Vanessa Friedman reviews outfits worn by attendees on red carpet at Golden Globes awards.

Though eclipsed by headline-grabbing young stars, Samantha Stosur is the only Australian to have been ranked in the top 10 in singles within the last nine years, peaking at No. 4 in 2011. Though eclipsed by headline-grabbing young stars, Samantha Stosur is the only Australian to have been ranked in the top 10 in singles within the last nine years, peaking at No. 4 in 2011. Samantha Stosur is one of most successful Australian tennis players, yet her achievements are comparatively ignored; some blame sexism in Australia, while other says it is her humble personality.

In this play, at La MaMa Downstairs, Silvia Calderoni takes on many guises and expounds on the inadequacy of our vocabulary. In this play, at La MaMa Downstairs, Silvia Calderoni takes on many guises and expounds on the inadequacy of our vocabulary. Ben Brantley reviews Motus Theater Co production of multidisciplinary theater work MDLSX, conceived and directed by Daniela Nicolo and Enrico Casagrande and starring Silvia Calderoni, at La MaMa Downstairs.

Kyrie Irving&#8217;s return boosted a team that already seemed likely to return to the finals. Kyrie Irving&#8217;s return boosted a team that already seemed likely to return to the finals. 

Bobby Williams, who has been part of three national championship teams with Alabama, appears a strong minority candidate for a head coaching job. Bobby Williams, who has been part of three national championship teams with Alabama, appears a strong minority candidate for a head coaching job. William C Rhoden Sports of The Times column holds that Alabama special teams coordinator and tight ends coach Bobby Williams, who has helped lead team to three national titles, will be strong candidate for head coaching job.

The only one of four sisters to graduate from high school, Jasmin Gonzalez is mindful of being a positive role model to her siblings and to her young son. The only one of four sisters to graduate from high school, Jasmin Gonzalez is mindful of being a positive role model to her siblings and to her young son. New York Foundling, affiliate of Catholic Charities Archdiocese of New York, one of agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, helps Jasmin Gonzalez of Manhattan find affordable housing, and Catholic Charities helps her afford tablet computer for college classes.

In an upset, the frontier-era revenge thriller was the big winner, with awards for Leonardo DiCaprio and Alejandro G. Iñárritu, the director. In an upset, the frontier-era revenge thriller was the big winner, with awards for Leonardo DiCaprio and Alejandro G. Iñárritu, the director. Alejandro G Inarritu movie The Revenant sweeps Golden Globes, winning best drama, best actor and best direction awards; Ridley Scott film The Martian follows, winning prize for best comedy or musical, and best actor in musical or comedy for lead Matt Damon.

After struggling through three quarters in bitter cold against the Vikings&#8217; stingy defense, Seattle escaped with an improbable victory. After struggling through three quarters in bitter cold against the Vikings&#8217; stingy defense, Seattle escaped with an improbable victory. Michael Powell Sports of the Times column comments on how Seattle Seahawks pulled out improbable victory over Minnesota Vikings to advance in NFC playoffs.

Lawyers who organized the case are part of a center that is financially backed by conservative foundations. A decision in the plaintiff&#8217;s favor could free public sector workers from paying fees if they decline to join unions. Lawyers who organized the case are part of a center that is financially backed by conservative foundations. A decision in the plaintiff&#8217;s favor could free public sector workers from paying fees if they decline to join unions. Supreme Court case on public union fees involving California Teachers Assn spotlights libertarian public interest lawyers group Center for Individual Rights; center is backed by conservative foundations.

Quotation of the Day for Monday, January 11, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Monday, January 11, 2016. 

No corrections appeared in print on Monday, January 11, 2016. No corrections appeared in print on Monday, January 11, 2016. 

Aaron Rodgers helped steady the Packers as they routed the Redskins, who had won six of eight home games in the regular season. Aaron Rodgers helped steady the Packers as they routed the Redskins, who had won six of eight home games in the regular season. Green Bay Packers rout Washington Redskins, 35-18, to win NFC wild-card game.

Jon Merrill put the Devils ahead against the Wild with his first goal of the season, and the Capitals’ Alex Ovechkin scored his 500th and 501st goals to become the 43rd N.H.L. player to reach the milestone. Jon Merrill put the Devils ahead against the Wild with his first goal of the season, and the Capitals’ Alex Ovechkin scored his 500th and 501st goals to become the 43rd N.H.L. player to reach the milestone. NHL Roundup; New Jersey Devils defeat Minnesota Wild, 2-1; other hockey scores noted.

Buffalo Bills Coach Rex Ryan hired his twin brother, Rob, as a member of his staff, the team announced Sunday night. Buffalo Bills Coach Rex Ryan hired his twin brother, Rob, as a member of his staff, the team announced Sunday night. NFL Roundup; Buffalo Bills coach Rex Ryan appoints his twin brother Rob as team's assistant head coach; other football news noted.

The United States is urgently warning the Iraqi government to prepare its people for the dam’s failure, fearing up to 500,000 could be killed if repairs don’t come in time. The United States is urgently warning the Iraqi government to prepare its people for the dam’s failure, fearing up to 500,000 could be killed if repairs don’t come in time. State Dept officials warn that insufficient maintenance of Mosul Dam in Iraq could lead either to partial or total collapse, over 16 months after Iraqi and Kurdish forces reclaimed it from Islamic State group; United States officials have urged Iraqi authorities to warn civilians of possibility of collapse as they fear repairs will not be made in time for spring, when Tigris River is swollen by melting snow and rain.

Los Angeles extended the N.B.A.&#8217;s longest current victory streak as Chris Paul scored 25 points and the Clippers subdued New Orleans in overtime. Los Angeles extended the N.B.A.&#8217;s longest current victory streak as Chris Paul scored 25 points and the Clippers subdued New Orleans in overtime. NBA Roundup; Los Angeles Clippers defeat New Orleans Pelicans, 114-111; other basketball scores noted.

After Rolling Stone magazine accepted Sean Penn’s pitch for an interview with the outlaw Joaquín Guzmán Loera, communications about the project became coded. After Rolling Stone magazine accepted Sean Penn’s pitch for an interview with the outlaw Joaquín Guzmán Loera, communications about the project became coded. Rolling Stone magazine founder Jann Wenner describes in interview how it came about that actor Sean Penn published exclusive interview with Mexican drug kingpin Joaquin Guzman Loera; interview has raised concerns about ethics of magazine dealing with Guzman, and for allowing him final say on what would be included in article.

General Motors will face a trial over defective ignition switches; bank earnings season begins; and the Commerce Department will release retail sales data. General Motors will face a trial over defective ignition switches; bank earnings season begins; and the Commerce Department will release retail sales data. 

It is a high-stakes, high-profile prosecution that would have been unimaginable here a year ago, before Mr. Gray&#8217;s death in police custody. It is a high-stakes, high-profile prosecution that would have been unimaginable here a year ago, before Mr. Gray&#8217;s death in police custody. Jury selection is set to begin in trial of Baltimore Police Officer Caesar R Goodson Jr, who drove van in which Freddie Gray was allegedly mortally injured and who faces most serious charge of six police officers indicted in Gray's death; experts say prosecutors will face difficulty in proving Goodson guilty of charges of manslaughter, assault and 'second-degree depraved-heart murder.'

The revelation that Sean Penn interviewed the fugitive drug trafficker gave some Mexicans further justification for their abiding cynicism toward government. The revelation that Sean Penn interviewed the fugitive drug trafficker gave some Mexicans further justification for their abiding cynicism toward government. News Analysis; Media’s focus on tangential issues surrounding apprehension of Sinaloa drug lord Joaquin Guzman Loera blurs event's real significance--Mexican government's inability to stop rampant corruption that allows criminals to operate with impunity.

Mr. Mariani was a wine importer who, with his brother, made a fortune, first with Riunite, a sparkling, sweet red product of Italy. Mr. Mariani was a wine importer who, with his brother, made a fortune, first with Riunite, a sparkling, sweet red product of Italy. Harry F Mariani, importer and producer of Italian wines, dies at age 78. 

Ms. Allen appeared on and off Broadway when New York theater was not especially welcoming to black performers, and she helped integrate network television. Ms. Allen appeared on and off Broadway when New York theater was not especially welcoming to black performers, and she helped integrate network television. Billie Allen, one of first black actresses with recurring network TV role and who appeared on and off Broadway, dies at age 90.

No one was hurt in the fire at the offices of the Israeli Information Center for Human Rights in the Occupied Territories, which has been at the center of a political dispute. No one was hurt in the fire at the offices of the Israeli Information Center for Human Rights in the Occupied Territories, which has been at the center of a political dispute. Israeli authorities investigate fire at Jerusalem office of B’Tselem, Palestinian advocacy group criticized by government for soliciting foreign donations; arson suspicions were also raised by timing of blaze, which occurred one day after television report hinted organization member informed Palestinian security about Palestinians selling land to Jews.

George J. Mitchell, a former senator who presided over power-sharing negotiations in Northern Ireland, has been named grand marshal of the parade, which will include two gay and lesbian groups. George J. Mitchell, a former senator who presided over power-sharing negotiations in Northern Ireland, has been named grand marshal of the parade, which will include two gay and lesbian groups. Organizers of New York City's St Patrick's Day Parade plan to announce George J Mitchell, former majority leader of United States Senate, has been chosen as grand marshal; it is unclear whether Mayor Bill de Blasio will take part in parade, as he has skipped parades in his first two years in office because openly gay groups have been barred from participating; two gay and lesbian groups will participate in parade in 2016.

A new reporting requirement for doctors is providing fodder for races for governor and president this year in a polarized Southern swing state. A new reporting requirement for doctors is providing fodder for races for governor and president this year in a polarized Southern swing state. North Carolina law requiring doctors who perform abortion after 16th week of pregnancy to submit ultrasound to state officials has inflamed public controversy; proponents say law prevents illegal abortions after 20 weeks, while critics call provision violation of privacy and effort to intimidate women and doctors; conservative-led push has been used to motivate voters on both ends of political spectrum in Republican-dominated state.

A day after winning a World Cup downhill, Lindsey Vonn won a super-G in Austria and said she felt she had finally completed her comeback from a 2013 knee injury. A day after winning a World Cup downhill, Lindsey Vonn won a super-G in Austria and said she felt she had finally completed her comeback from a 2013 knee injury. Winter Sports Roundup; Lindsey Vonn wins World Cup super-G event in Altenmarkt-Zauchensee, Austria; other winter sports news noted.

The Rev. Georg Ratzinger said in an interview that he had no knowledge that boys in the internationally known choir he once directed had been sexually abused. The Rev. Georg Ratzinger said in an interview that he had no knowledge that boys in the internationally known choir he once directed had been sexually abused. Rev Georg Ratzinger, German Roman Catholic Church official and older brother of pope emeritus Benedict XVI, says he had no knowledge of alleged sexual abuse committed against young boys of Bavarian choir he directed for 30 years, the Regensburger Domspatzen..

A look at the films, television shows and actors who won at the 73rd Golden Globe Awards. A look at the films, television shows and actors who won at the 73rd Golden Globe Awards. Golden Globes award winners for 2015 listed.

Executives of the German automaker are embarking on what is perhaps the ultimate hard sell after having broken trust with consumers. Executives of the German automaker are embarking on what is perhaps the ultimate hard sell after having broken trust with consumers. Volkswagen is attempting to win back customers at North American International Auto Show in Detroit, following emissions scandal; will also try to convince federal regulators that it can fix all 600,000 of its cars in United States that evaded diesel emissions standards. 

Oxford won, 3-2, while Chelsea beat third-tier Scunthorpe and Leicester tied with Tottenham. Oxford won, 3-2, while Chelsea beat third-tier Scunthorpe and Leicester tied with Tottenham. Soccer Roundup; Oxford United defeats Swansea City, 3-2, in third-round of F A Cup soccer tournament; other soccer matches and news noted.

The union’s president blames micromanagement from the top, with conflicting orders and too many school staff members being overwhelmed with paperwork and meetings. The union’s president blames micromanagement from the top, with conflicting orders and too many school staff members being overwhelmed with paperwork and meetings. Ernest A Logan, president of Council of Schools Supervisors and Administrators union in New York City, says Mayor Bill de Blasio's administration has not lived up to promise it had when de Blasio was elected; Logan warns that de Blasio's approach is destined to fail if it persists; union, while not as influential as teachers' union, is necessary ally in any effort to change city's schools.

Afghanistan is the world’s biggest opium producer, and there is evidence that the country’s drug problem is worse than government officials acknowledge. Afghanistan is the world’s biggest opium producer, and there is evidence that the country’s drug problem is worse than government officials acknowledge. Camp Phoenix Journal; Treatment and Rehabilitation Center opens at former military compound Camp Phoenix in Kabul, Afghanistan, world’s largest opium producing country; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime reports 12.6 percent of Afghan adults are addicts, supplied by low-cost, readily available heroin and other opiates.

Michelle Obama has made stealthy trips to a trendy cycling studio in Washington to work out with friends, aides and sometimes her daughters. Michelle Obama has made stealthy trips to a trendy cycling studio in Washington to work out with friends, aides and sometimes her daughters. White House Letter; Michelle Obama is admitted devotee of SoulCycle, intensive stationary bicycle workout class known equally for motivational, meditative and nightclub-like atmosphere; first lady relishes chance to work out away from White House confines, but due to security reasons must arrange private sessions.

The attack, in which the police said five men with a gun separated a father from his daughter and then took turns raping the 18-year-old woman, set off waves of anger and uncertainty in Brownsville. The attack, in which the police said five men with a gun separated a father from his daughter and then took turns raping the 18-year-old woman, set off waves of anger and uncertainty in Brownsville. New York City police announce arrest of four teenagers suspected of gang-raping 18-year-old woman in playground in Brownsville neighborhood of Brooklyn; two of teenagers were turned in by their parents after police released surveillance video of young men entering deli before rape.

The world where Jamar Clark lived and died from a police bullet illustrates that a city known for its robust economy has, by several measures, left its black population behind. The world where Jamar Clark lived and died from a police bullet illustrates that a city known for its robust economy has, by several measures, left its black population behind. Minneapolis, city long known for healthy economy, affordability and liberal politics, is grappling with deepening divide between blacks and whites; unemployment among blacks is about four times that of whites, with significant salary disparities; inequality is concentrated on city's north side, where about half of black population lives and where violence is rampant.

As international powers intensify military and diplomatic activities in Syria, residents in besieged areas have gone without access to food and medicine. As international powers intensify military and diplomatic activities in Syria, residents in besieged areas have gone without access to food and medicine. International humanitarian workers report malnutrition has spiked as cause of death in Syrian towns like Madaya, near Lebanese border, where residents are starving due to siege on town by pro-government forces; many residents in town like Madaya, where humanitarian aid cannot reach trapped citizens, have abandoned thoughts of political change in face of hunger, sign of utter failure of international powers to resolve conflict.

The hiring of a former United States attorney followed a judge’s finding that the city agency concealed evidence in a lawsuit over a fatal police shooting. The hiring of a former United States attorney followed a judge’s finding that the city agency concealed evidence in a lawsuit over a fatal police shooting. Chicago officials say they have hired former United States Attorney Dan K Webb to lead review of city's Police Dept practices; announcement comes in response to criticisms of how department uses excessive force and accusations that Chicago Law Dept concealed incriminating evidence against officers in 2011 shooting of black man Darius Pinex.

“Nothing is more cumbersome than a piece of plastic when all you want is the music,” said Patrick Moxey, founder of the electronic dance music label Ultra Music. “Nothing is more cumbersome than a piece of plastic when all you want is the music,” said Patrick Moxey, founder of the electronic dance music label Ultra Music. Electronic dance music, once seen as minor subculture by music industry, is now important facet of pop world, comprising much of Top 40 radio; 20-year-old Ultra Music is one of record labels fueling dance music's growth, which has also been driven by rise of streaming services. 

Mr. Wellman’s play at the Connelly Theater uses Hitler’s dog, among other tools, to criticize international relations today. Mr. Wellman’s play at the Connelly Theater uses Hitler’s dog, among other tools, to criticize international relations today. Neil Genzlinger reviews Tank and 3-Legged Dog co-production of Mac Wellman play The Offending Gesture, directed by Meghan Finn and starring Kristine Haruna Lee, at Connelly Theater.

TV ads often reflect the mood of the times, but many criticized those that aired during last year’s game as gloomy. This year, despite turmoil in the news, the spots are likely to be more fun. TV ads often reflect the mood of the times, but many criticized those that aired during last year’s game as gloomy. This year, despite turmoil in the news, the spots are likely to be more fun. Advertising column; some Super Bowl advertisers plan to rely on use of humor and heartwarming stories; marks reversal from previous year, in which ads were marked by somber tone. 

“Songs From the Road to Broadway” opened the 92nd Street Y’s Lyrics and Lyricist’s series, with Kathleen Marshall hosting and directing. “Songs From the Road to Broadway” opened the 92nd Street Y’s Lyrics and Lyricist’s series, with Kathleen Marshall hosting and directing. Stephen Holden reviews A Funny Thing Happened: Songs From the Road to Broadway, opening season show from 92nd Street Y's Lyrics and Lyricists series, directed, written and hosted by program's artistic director Kathleen Marshall.

The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week. The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week. 

President Barack Obama made a push for tighter laws to curb gun deaths in America last week, announcing plans for executive actions that would increase background checks for gun buyers. President Barack Obama made a push for tighter laws to curb gun deaths in America last week, announcing plans for executive actions that would increase background checks for gun buyers. 

The Belgian band teamed with Baroque Orchestration X for a sensual performance at National Sawdust. The Belgian band teamed with Baroque Orchestration X for a sensual performance at National Sawdust. Corinna da Fonseca-Wollheim reviews performance by Belgian band Dez Mona and Dutch ensemble Baroque Orchestration X, at National Sawdust in Williamsburg as part of Prototype Festival.

David T. Little and Royce Vavrek’s opera at the Skirball Center depicts a desperate household in a post-apocalyptic landscape. David T. Little and Royce Vavrek’s opera at the Skirball Center depicts a desperate household in a post-apocalyptic landscape. Anthony Tommasini reviews David T Little and Royce Vavrek opera Dog Days, directed by Robert Woodruff and starring John Kelly and Lauren Worsham, at Skirball Center for the Performing Arts as part of Prototype Festival.

Ms. del Castillo, a Mexican television star, is believed to have brokered the meeting between the drug lord, Joaqu&#237;n Guzm&#225;n Loera, and Mr. Penn last year. Ms. del Castillo, a Mexican television star, is believed to have brokered the meeting between the drug lord, Joaqu&#237;n Guzm&#225;n Loera, and Mr. Penn last year. Rambling account by actor Sean Penn in Rolling Stone magazine about his interview with Mexican drug lord Joaquin Guzman Loera points to integral role played by Mexican television star; Kate del Castillo had met previously with Guzman, who admired her performance in television series La Reina del Sur, in which she played drug lord; their personal contact increased after his 2014 capture, and he had indicated he wanted her to produce film about his life. 

Faced with the failure of her efforts to reignite growth at Yahoo, Marissa Mayer is now turning to the opposite strategy: cutting jobs. Faced with the failure of her efforts to reignite growth at Yahoo, Marissa Mayer is now turning to the opposite strategy: cutting jobs. Yahoo chief executive Marissa Mayer is leading desperate attempt to streamline company, including substantial layoffs, as some investors urge she be fired; some employees have lost faith in her leadership, with more than one-third of work force having left in past year.

Illumina, a maker of DNA sequencing machines, said it was forming the company to develop a blood test that would work for any type of cancer, but some experts see risks. Illumina, a maker of DNA sequencing machines, said it was forming the company to develop a blood test that would work for any type of cancer, but some experts see risks. Illumina, maker of DNA sequencing machines, says it is forming company to develop simple blood test to detect any kind of early stage cancer.

The German police said the man, who approached a Paris police station with fake explosives last week, had lived in a house for migrants in Germany. The German police said the man, who approached a Paris police station with fake explosives last week, had lived in a house for migrants in Germany. German authorities provide information on unidentified man who was killed four days earlier by Paris police after he advanced on them with meat cleaver and fake explosives; say suspect lived in Recklinghausen home for asylum seekers since August, had used at least seven different identities, and served jail time.

Until now, writes Iran’s foreign minister, Tehran has acted with restraint toward Riyadh’s provocations. Until now, writes Iran’s foreign minister, Tehran has acted with restraint toward Riyadh’s provocations. Op-Ed article by Iranian foreign minister Mohammad Javad Zarif accuses Saudi Arabia of undermining recent nuclear deal and other regional anti-terrorism efforts; asserts Saudis fear that resolution of nuclear issue will expose their support for Islamist extremists globally. 

On a potential game-winning kick against the Seahawks, Vikings kicker Blair Walsh was presented with a problem: The laces were facing him. He missed the 27-yarder, and Seattle escaped with a victory. On a potential game-winning kick against the Seahawks, Vikings kicker Blair Walsh was presented with a problem: The laces were facing him. He missed the 27-yarder, and Seattle escaped with a victory. Seattle Seahawks defeat Minnesota Vikings, 10-9, in NFC wild-card game.

En Los Mochis existe el temor de que la ausencia de Guzmán pueda desatar una nueva ola de violencia. En Los Mochis existe el temor de que la ausencia de Guzmán pueda desatar una nueva ola de violencia. 

Also invited is Jim Obergefell, the lead plaintiff in the Supreme Court case legalizing gay marriage, and others who illustrate America as “inclusive and compassionate.” Also invited is Jim Obergefell, the lead plaintiff in the Supreme Court case legalizing gay marriage, and others who illustrate America as “inclusive and compassionate.” Roster of official guests scheduled to attend Pres Obama's final State of the Union address includes several figures associated with issues and initiatives that have defined Obama's presidency, from gay marriage to immigration; White House announcement states guests are intended to illustrate diversity, compassion, courage and innovation of Americans. 

Ms. Stovall led a grass-roots campaign to make cancer treatment and prevention, and the search for a cure, the top health care and research priorities in the United States. Ms. Stovall led a grass-roots campaign to make cancer treatment and prevention, and the search for a cure, the top health care and research priorities in the United States. Ellen Stovall, three-time cancer survivor and president of National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship, dies at age 69.

If the Iran nuclear deal, his health care law and the financial recovery are deemed successes, Barack Obama could be seen as a near-great president. If the Iran nuclear deal, his health care law and the financial recovery are deemed successes, Barack Obama could be seen as a near-great president. 

Mr. Obama hopes to use his last address as president to frame the debate about who should replace him and where the country should go from here. Mr. Obama hopes to use his last address as president to frame the debate about who should replace him and where the country should go from here. Pres Obama is expected to use his final State of the Union address to address public directly and frame narrative surrounding his legacy and debate over future of country and who should replace him; Obama hopes to counter Republican criticisms and generate support for several key initiatives.

Even before Donald J. Trump began his presidential campaign by demonizing Mexican immigrants, young people with ties to the country were becoming politically active and urging others to do the same. Even before Donald J. Trump began his presidential campaign by demonizing Mexican immigrants, young people with ties to the country were becoming politically active and urging others to do the same. Side Street column; Janet Perez of immigration advocacy group Masa has been walking streets of Bronx inviting those who are worried about rumors of immigration raids to attend community meetings to dispel misinformation; group's work is signal of how Mexican community has grown and matured politically, in many ways thanks to experiences of previous generations of immigrants.

To many residents in Sinaloa, where Joaqu&#237;n Guzm&#225;n Loera was captured, he was and remains El Se&#241;or (the Lord), a mythical figure who inspires as much respect as fear. To many residents in Sinaloa, where Joaqu&#237;n Guzm&#225;n Loera was captured, he was and remains El Se&#241;or (the Lord), a mythical figure who inspires as much respect as fear. Residents in Sinaloa, Mexico are dismayed by report that drug kingpin Joaquin Guzman Loera, who hails from area, was recaptured by Mexican marines; criminal enterprise is de facto government for inhabitants of impoverished state, building infrastructure and providing public services, employment and stability.

After buying counterfeit tickets to a Times Square comedy club, some who thought their ball-drop vantage point was secure were left out in the cold. After buying counterfeit tickets to a Times Square comedy club, some who thought their ball-drop vantage point was secure were left out in the cold. Michael Wilson Crime Scene column describes how counterfeiting cottage industry sprang up on New Year's Eve revolving around LOL Times Square Comedy Club in Times Square in Manhattan; notes many unsuspecting visitors bought fraudulent tickets for club based on promises they would be able to see ball drop from club's tables, but bar and theater has no windows.

At least four people were killed and the Shiara Hospital, in northern Yemen, near the border with Saudi Arabia, suffered severe damage. At least four people were killed and the Shiara Hospital, in northern Yemen, near the border with Saudi Arabia, suffered severe damage. Doctors Without Borders announces hospital it supports in northern Yemen was struck by military projectile that killed at least four people and destroyed several buildings.

The team made the moves in the midst of its worst season since it moved to Brooklyn from New Jersey. The assistant Tony Brown will be the interim coach. The team made the moves in the midst of its worst season since it moved to Brooklyn from New Jersey. The assistant Tony Brown will be the interim coach. Struggling Brooklyn Nets fire Coach Lionel Hollins and reassign General Manager Billy King; owner Mikhail D Prokhorov says changes will allow team fresh start. 

The sister of King Felipe VI was indicted last year after an investigation into whether her husband and others had embezzled public money. The sister of King Felipe VI was indicted last year after an investigation into whether her husband and others had embezzled public money. Corruption trial against Princess Cristina, sister of King Felipe VI of Spain, is scheduled to begin in Palma, capital of Balearic Islands; Spanish royal faces tax fraud charges stemming from allegations husband Inaki Urdangarin used his non-profit Noos Institute to embezzle public monies intended for sporting events.

Mr. Cruz’s success in consolidating evangelical Christian voters in Iowa reflects how he has methodically pursued the state’s Christian right. Mr. Cruz’s success in consolidating evangelical Christian voters in Iowa reflects how he has methodically pursued the state’s Christian right. Sen Ted Cruz has won significant support from evangelical Christian community in Iowa; Cruz has actively courted group, but also benefited from criticisms of Ben Carson's foreign policy experience that have pushed many evangelical supporters from Carson to Cruz; Christian right has networking ability in Iowa that can be decisive in determining winner of Republican caucuses.

A growing Republican-led movement is pushing the federal government to hand the states millions of acres of Western public lands — as well as their rich stores of coal, timber and grazing grass. A growing Republican-led movement is pushing the federal government to hand the states millions of acres of Western public lands — as well as their rich stores of coal, timber and grazing grass. Growing number of lawmakers in Western states, most of them Republican, are pushing for federal government to give millions of acres of public lands back to states; while they have criticized armed ranchers and activists who have seized control of wildlife refuge in Oregon, goals are essentially same; critics of concept note proponents are not giving clear picture of what would happen if states do take back federal lands inside their borders. 

Mr. Cuomo announced a plan to offer college courses to inmates across the state in an effort to reduce recidivism. Mr. Cuomo announced a plan to offer college courses to inmates across the state in an effort to reduce recidivism. New York Gov Andrew M Cuomo reintroduces plan to make state pay for college courses for prison inmates, but includes financing mechanism that is less vulnerable to attack from critics; proposes using around $7.5 million from civil forfeiture funds collected by Dist Atty Cyrus R Vance Jr in number of bank settlements, with additional $7.5 million coming from private matching funds.

Joaquín Guzmán Loera has never appeared in an American court, though after his capture, Mexico indicated it might cooperate after years of requests by the United States. Joaquín Guzmán Loera has never appeared in an American court, though after his capture, Mexico indicated it might cooperate after years of requests by the United States. Attorney General Loretta E Lynch and Mexican counterpart Arely Gomez Gonzalez begin formal extradition proceedings for Joaquin Guzman Loera; Sinaloa drug cartel leader has been charged with drug trafficking and other crimes, filed by American prosecutors in numerous jurisdictions; Lynch will make final decision of where to try Loera.

The briskest trade at Madrid’s Santiago Bernabéu Stadium was for merchandise with Zinedine Zidane’s name printed on the back. The old player, new coach and messiah — Zidane — is back. The briskest trade at Madrid’s Santiago Bernabéu Stadium was for merchandise with Zinedine Zidane’s name printed on the back. The old player, new coach and messiah — Zidane — is back. 

The bomber was dispatched on Sunday to conduct training missions after North Korea’s fourth underground nuclear test. The bomber was dispatched on Sunday to conduct training missions after North Korea’s fourth underground nuclear test. American military flies long-range B-52 bomber from Guam to Osan Air Base in Seoul, South Korea, in show of force days after North Korea tests what leader Kim Jong-un claims was hydrogen bomb; Adm Harry B Harris Jr of Pacific Command says flight of nuclear-ready aircraft demonstrates America’s commitment to allies.

“The Name of God Is Mercy” renews the pope’s call for a Roman Catholic Church that responds to a wounded humanity. “The Name of God Is Mercy” renews the pope’s call for a Roman Catholic Church that responds to a wounded humanity. Michiko Kakutani reviews book The Name of God Is Mercy by Pope Francis.

The excesses of today's art market are much different from the time when Peggy Guggenheim was selling Jackson Pollocks for $200 to $600. The excesses of today's art market are much different from the time when Peggy Guggenheim was selling Jackson Pollocks for $200 to $600. Lisa Immordino Vreeland documentary film Peggy Guggenheim: Art Addict offers new insight into life of celebrated collector and calls for reassessment of changes that have taken place in art world since her heyday.

Mufti Sayeed, one of India’s best-known Muslim politicians, had won praise for his efforts to bring about reconciliation in the restive region. Mufti Sayeed, one of India’s best-known Muslim politicians, had won praise for his efforts to bring about reconciliation in the restive region. 

Mr. Angelo started Angelo Gordon with Michael Gordon in 1988, and helped build it into an investment firm with $26 billion in assets. Mr. Angelo started Angelo Gordon with Michael Gordon in 1988, and helped build it into an investment firm with $26 billion in assets. 

The products and steps required to recreate the Struts frontman’s on-stage beauty look. The products and steps required to recreate the Struts frontman’s on-stage beauty look. 

Recent research into the early life of Vivian Maier suggests a difficult childhood that was offset by the support of other women. Recent research into the early life of Vivian Maier suggests a difficult childhood that was offset by the support of other women. 

 I was live-tweeting President Obama’s State of the Union Address. For those of you not on Twitter, here’s what I had to say. I was live-tweeting President Obama’s State of the Union Address. For those of you not on Twitter, here’s what I had to say.

 Jeremy Newton gets his inner Texan on. Jeremy Newton gets his inner Texan on.

 With her lead against Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont slipping in Iowa, Hillary Clinton’s campaign on Tuesday unveiled a new television ad that sought to seize on President Obama’s popularity among Democratic voters on the issue of gun control. With her lead against Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont slipping in Iowa, Hillary Clinton’s campaign on Tuesday unveiled a new television ad that sought to seize on President Obama’s popularity among Democratic voters on the issue of gun control.

 A senior executive of Koch Industries on Tuesday sent a letter to the company’s employees disputing a new book about the Kochs and other conservative families, saying it significantly exaggerated the role of the company’s founder, Fred C. Koch, in constructing an important refinery for the Nazi regime in Germany. A senior executive of Koch Industries on Tuesday sent a letter to the company’s employees disputing a new book about the Kochs and other conservative families, saying it significantly exaggerated the role of the company’s founder, Fred C. Koch, in constructing an important refinery for the Nazi regime in Germany.

 As the polls tighten in Hillary Clinton’s primary fight against Senator Bernie Sanders, her language is starting to carry echoes from a similar point in 2008, when Senator Barack Obama started surging. As the polls tighten in Hillary Clinton’s primary fight against Senator Bernie Sanders, her language is starting to carry echoes from a similar point in 2008, when Senator Barack Obama started surging.

 Ted Cruz, facing persistent elbows from Donald J. Trump over his Canadian birth, delivered his most forceful response yet on Tuesday, suggesting that Mr. Trump was catering to Democrats. Ted Cruz, facing persistent elbows from Donald J. Trump over his Canadian birth, delivered his most forceful response yet on Tuesday, suggesting that Mr. Trump was catering to Democrats.

Republican and Democratic primary voters give their opinions on the candidates. Republican and Democratic primary voters give their opinions on the candidates. 

 The idea, the company says, is to give riders access to information and entertainment that interest them during their time in Uber cars. The idea, the company says, is to give riders access to information and entertainment that interest them during their time in Uber cars.

 In returning to the presidential campaign trail for the first time since 2008, Chelsea Clinton focused on motherhood and attacked Senator Bernie Sanders over his health care and education proposals. In returning to the presidential campaign trail for the first time since 2008, Chelsea Clinton focused on motherhood and attacked Senator Bernie Sanders over his health care and education proposals.

The latest New York Times/CBS News national poll finds a significant narrowing of the race for the Democratic nomination while Donald Trump maintains his sizable lead among Republican primary voters. The latest New York Times/CBS News national poll finds a significant narrowing of the race for the Democratic nomination while Donald Trump maintains his sizable lead among Republican primary voters. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

 Caroline Atkinson, who left her position as a White House deputy national security adviser last month, will join Google in March and be based in Washington. Caroline Atkinson, who left her position as a White House deputy national security adviser last month, will join Google in March and be based in Washington.

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

The fashion critic Vanessa Friedman started working on a piece about Mr. Bowie’s legacy the morning after learning of his death. The fashion critic Vanessa Friedman started working on a piece about Mr. Bowie’s legacy the morning after learning of his death. 

 While Jeb Bush is portraying himself as a serious candidate for serious times, the “super PAC” supporting him is running attack ads against Marco Rubio. While Jeb Bush is portraying himself as a serious candidate for serious times, the “super PAC” supporting him is running attack ads against Marco Rubio.

 Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Rod Nordland, Donald G. McNeil Jr. and others. Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Rod Nordland, Donald G. McNeil Jr. and others.

Jim Rutenberg, chief political correspondent for the Sunday magazine, will fill the role last held by David Carr, who died in February. Jim Rutenberg, chief political correspondent for the Sunday magazine, will fill the role last held by David Carr, who died in February. New York Times announces chief political correspondent for New York Times Magazine Jim Rutenberg will become media columnist, role that has been vacant since death of David Carr in 2015.

 Photos from Ukraine, Turkey, South Africa and India. Photos from Ukraine, Turkey, South Africa and India.

Ukraine and More — Pictures of the Day Ukraine and More — Pictures of the Day 

 Forty-seven percent of likely Republican caucus-goers in Iowa think someone born outside the country shouldn’t be able to be president. Forty-seven percent of likely Republican caucus-goers in Iowa think someone born outside the country shouldn’t be able to be president.

The British legend wrote songs above all about being an outsider: an alien, a misfit, a sexual adventurer, a faraway astronaut. The British legend wrote songs above all about being an outsider: an alien, a misfit, a sexual adventurer, a faraway astronaut. 

 A man dressed as one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence recently visited the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, currently occupied by armed protesters. A man dressed as one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence recently visited the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, currently occupied by armed protesters.

A chart of the songs Spotify users listened to most after David Bowie’s death. A chart of the songs Spotify users listened to most after David Bowie’s death. 

 Hillary Clinton, appearing with the president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence, attacked Bernie Sanders on his 2005 vote to shield gunmakers from lawsuits. Hillary Clinton, appearing with the president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence, attacked Bernie Sanders on his 2005 vote to shield gunmakers from lawsuits.

 The work, “Layla and Majnun,” is to have its premiere in Berkeley, Calif., in September. The work, “Layla and Majnun,” is to have its premiere in Berkeley, Calif., in September.

 Shona McCarthy succeeds Kath Mainland as chief executive of the Edinburgh Festival Fringe Society. Shona McCarthy succeeds Kath Mainland as chief executive of the Edinburgh Festival Fringe Society.

A man who saw the explosion in Istanbul’s central district of Sultanahmet on Tuesday recounts what he saw. A man who saw the explosion in Istanbul’s central district of Sultanahmet on Tuesday recounts what he saw. 

 The United Food and Commercial Workers Union will endorse Hillary Clinton, giving the Democratic candidate a welcome boost as polls in Iowa and New Hampshire show Senator Bernie Sanders gaining ground. The United Food and Commercial Workers Union will endorse Hillary Clinton, giving the Democratic candidate a welcome boost as polls in Iowa and New Hampshire show Senator Bernie Sanders gaining ground.

Junior doctors in London staged a strike against government plans to reform pay and work hours. They joined their colleagues across the country for the first protest in 40 years. Junior doctors in London staged a strike against government plans to reform pay and work hours. They joined their colleagues across the country for the first protest in 40 years. 

Dana Sherwood’s latest work involves leaving precisely chosen feasts out for Brazilian ocelots and Danish deer — and filming the results. Dana Sherwood’s latest work involves leaving precisely chosen feasts out for Brazilian ocelots and Danish deer — and filming the results. 

 Con la crisis económica de Puerto Rico muchos profesionales jóvenes se han visto obligados a buscar oportunidades en el continente americano. Joseph Rodríguez retrató a los que se han quedado en el país”. Con la crisis económica de Puerto Rico muchos profesionales jóvenes se han visto obligados a buscar oportunidades en el continente americano. Joseph Rodríguez retrató a los que se han quedado en el país”.

Alexander McQueen, Wales Bonner and Rory Parnell-Mooney showed the simple style in their fall/ winter 2016 collections. Alexander McQueen, Wales Bonner and Rory Parnell-Mooney showed the simple style in their fall/ winter 2016 collections. 

Miembros de la Marina vacían cargadores e incluso lanzan granadas en el interior de una vivienda en Sinaloa. Miembros de la Marina vacían cargadores e incluso lanzan granadas en el interior de una vivienda en Sinaloa. 

 Three bags of unwanted clothing turned into $175 in gift cards and $86.09 in Paypal cash. Three bags of unwanted clothing turned into $175 in gift cards and $86.09 in Paypal cash.

 No details about the performers were confirmed for the festival, which will take place a month after Governors Ball in the same location on Randalls Island. No details about the performers were confirmed for the festival, which will take place a month after Governors Ball in the same location on Randalls Island.

Christopher Bailey honored the late musician in his men’s fall/winter 2016 show, while newcomer Liam Hodges explored British car culture. Christopher Bailey honored the late musician in his men’s fall/winter 2016 show, while newcomer Liam Hodges explored British car culture. 

When we needed a cover illustration for our annual 52 Places to Go issue, we turned to Rafael Lopez, a celebrated illustrator. When we needed a cover illustration for our annual 52 Places to Go issue, we turned to Rafael Lopez, a celebrated illustrator. 

Marin Montagut, the illustrator of Bonjour City Map-Guides, takes T in and around his bucolic atelier in Normandy. Marin Montagut, the illustrator of Bonjour City Map-Guides, takes T in and around his bucolic atelier in Normandy. 

The artist takes T around his bucolic home-away-from-home in in Saint-Luc, where he creates his Bonjour City Map-Guides series. The artist takes T around his bucolic home-away-from-home in in Saint-Luc, where he creates his Bonjour City Map-Guides series. 

 After months of urging by conservation biologists and environmental groups, the Obama administration moves to stave off a devastating threat to American salamanders. After months of urging by conservation biologists and environmental groups, the Obama administration moves to stave off a devastating threat to American salamanders.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: British planes drop bombs and pamphlets on Turin in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: British planes drop bombs and pamphlets on Turin in 1941.

Redondo Beach, once a major tourist destination, no longer attracts crowds of visitors. A $250 million public-private partnership to redevelop its faded waterfront aims to change that. Redondo Beach, once a major tourist destination, no longer attracts crowds of visitors. A $250 million public-private partnership to redevelop its faded waterfront aims to change that. 

 Senator Bernie Sanders is breaking away from Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire and has erased her lead in Iowa, according to new polls that show him solidifying the support of Democrats ahead the first two 2016 presidential voting contests. Senator Bernie Sanders is breaking away from Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire and has erased her lead in Iowa, according to new polls that show him solidifying the support of Democrats ahead the first two 2016 presidential voting contests.

 “MoveOn members are feeling the Bern,” the liberal website’s political action executive director said, in endorsing Bernie Sanders. The group spent months in search of an alternative to Hillary Clinton and invested $1 million in ads to draft Elizabeth Warren. “MoveOn members are feeling the Bern,” the liberal website’s political action executive director said, in endorsing Bernie Sanders. The group spent months in search of an alternative to Hillary Clinton and invested $1 million in ads to draft Elizabeth Warren.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: The Central Powers gain access to an Adriatic port in 1916. From the International Herald Tribune archives: The Central Powers gain access to an Adriatic port in 1916.

 The winners, 46 in all, each receive $50,000 in funding, as well as $45,000 worth of career development services. The winners, 46 in all, each receive $50,000 in funding, as well as $45,000 worth of career development services.

 Pamela Tatge, the director of the Center for the Arts at Wesleyan University, is to take over beginning April 18. Pamela Tatge, the director of the Center for the Arts at Wesleyan University, is to take over beginning April 18.

Rhythm and blues is no longer taking hip-hop’s assault lying down. Singers like Mr. Tiller are finding new ways to invigorate the genre. Rhythm and blues is no longer taking hip-hop’s assault lying down. Singers like Mr. Tiller are finding new ways to invigorate the genre. Jon Caramanica Critic's Notebook suggests latest albums by R&B singers Bryson Tiller, Jeremih and Chris Brown may help move genre out of hip hop’s shadow. 

 What were scientists recently able to recover from Ötzi the Iceman’s stomach? What were scientists recently able to recover from Ötzi the Iceman’s stomach?

 The decision by Chris Hughes, a Facebook co-founder, to put The New Republic up for sale is a reminder of the unusual places Facebook money has ended up, with unusual outcomes. The decision by Chris Hughes, a Facebook co-founder, to put The New Republic up for sale is a reminder of the unusual places Facebook money has ended up, with unusual outcomes.

A government that once championed Internet freedom now seems more interested in surveillance and censorship. A government that once championed Internet freedom now seems more interested in surveillance and censorship. 

 Guess who likes heavy metals? Guess who likes heavy metals?

It wasn’t the quality of the apartment that got under the renter’s skin; it was the overbearing host and her endless complaints. It wasn’t the quality of the apartment that got under the renter’s skin; it was the overbearing host and her endless complaints. 

 Here’s a sobering start to the new year: an extra long rundown of gaffes and missteps, compiled with help from colleagues and our ever-vigilant readers. Here’s a sobering start to the new year: an extra long rundown of gaffes and missteps, compiled with help from colleagues and our ever-vigilant readers.

 From the International Herald Tribune: Amelia Earhart completed a solo flight across the Pacific in 1935. From the International Herald Tribune: Amelia Earhart completed a solo flight across the Pacific in 1935.

 Have you been following this week’s news? Take our quiz to see what you know and to learn more. Have you been following this week’s news? Take our quiz to see what you know and to learn more.

 Top aides have made it very clear that the speech would not be the usual litany of legislative priorities but would instead be a grander call to arms on the major challenges facing the nation. Top aides have made it very clear that the speech would not be the usual litany of legislative priorities but would instead be a grander call to arms on the major challenges facing the nation.

 President Obama’s plan to expand gun background checks has wide support among Americans, but he faces deep skepticism about his performance on other issues, a New York Times/CBS News poll says. President Obama’s plan to expand gun background checks has wide support among Americans, but he faces deep skepticism about his performance on other issues, a New York Times/CBS News poll says.

 Chelsea Clinton will make her first campaign swing of 2016 with three events in the state, where the Hillary Clinton campaign has been trying to quell a rising challenge from Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. Chelsea Clinton will make her first campaign swing of 2016 with three events in the state, where the Hillary Clinton campaign has been trying to quell a rising challenge from Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont.

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 When Billionaires Trip on Their Toys | A New Focus on Liquidity | How David Bowie Inspired Changes on Wall Street When Billionaires Trip on Their Toys | A New Focus on Liquidity | How David Bowie Inspired Changes on Wall Street

 When Senator John McCain of Arizona faced questions about meeting constitutional qualifications for the presidency because of his birth in the Panama Canal Zone, Ms. McCaskill of Missouri came to his defense. But she is not exactly extending a helping hand for Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, who faces similar questions about his birth in Canada. When Senator John McCain of Arizona faced questions about meeting constitutional qualifications for the presidency because of his birth in the Panama Canal Zone, Ms. McCaskill of Missouri came to his defense. But she is not exactly extending a helping hand for Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, who faces similar questions about his birth in Canada.

Tuesday: Remembering an icon, changeable weather, and the arrival of starlings. Tuesday: Remembering an icon, changeable weather, and the arrival of starlings. 

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 What is it about their music or personality that you admire? What is it about their music or personality that you admire?

Leafy streets and idiosyncratic houses distinguish the Brooklyn neighborhood of Ditmas Park. Leafy streets and idiosyncratic houses distinguish the Brooklyn neighborhood of Ditmas Park. 

Ditmas Park, Brooklyn, is the focus of the next video in our new monthly series, “Block by Block.” Ditmas Park, Brooklyn, is the focus of the next video in our new monthly series, “Block by Block.” 

 Is it ever justified to help a client believe a fiction? Is it ever justified to help a client believe a fiction?

It’s really hard to make money in currency trading, as a look at the trading records of one of the 20th century’s greatest economists makes clear. It’s really hard to make money in currency trading, as a look at the trading records of one of the 20th century’s greatest economists makes clear. The Upshot; research published in Journal of Economic History shows that British economist John Maynard Keynes, despite being renowned economic thinker, was not successful at currency trading; had equivalent of $23 million invested in stocks and currencies at peak in 1936, but his returns were mediocre.

 The palliative care system in Kerala, India, has been singled out as a beacon of hope in offering the possibility of a dignified death to everyone. The palliative care system in Kerala, India, has been singled out as a beacon of hope in offering the possibility of a dignified death to everyone.

Aid convoys and their supplies offer only a respite. What is needed is an immediate end to the civil war. Aid convoys and their supplies offer only a respite. What is needed is an immediate end to the civil war. Editorial warns that entry of aid convoys into Syrian town of Madaya should not lessen concern about many Syrians who are desperately in need of food and other forms of aid; underscores necessity of immediate end to country's civil war to address widespread malnutrition and lack of access to medicine; urges outside powers to impose ceasefire on their Syrian proxies if political settlement within country remains elusive.

Weakening labor increases inequality and instability. The Supreme Court should do neither. Weakening labor increases inequality and instability. The Supreme Court should do neither. Op-Ed article by Richard D Kahlenberg warns of disastrous consequences if Supreme Court rules in favor of plaintiff in Friedrichs v California Teachers Assn, which would strip unions of key financial resources; recalls how both unionism and fair share fees used to have bipartisan support, even among conservatives like Justice Antonin Scalia; underscores degree to which unions serve as bedrock of American democracy.

The point of true-crime serials is that we never really know what happened. The point of true-crime serials is that we never really know what happened. Op-Ed article by Lisa Kern Griffin suggests popular documentary television series Making a Murderer is latest piece of media to portray criminal justice system in a way that is frank about dysfunctional reality; points to lack of resolution in many such narratives, saying they offer important lesson on how elusive true closure is in real-life criminal cases. 

The argument over admitting Syrian refugees obscures the bigger issue: How do we support those who want to return to Syria? The argument over admitting Syrian refugees obscures the bigger issue: How do we support those who want to return to Syria? Op-Ed article by Maureen White underscores degree to which world, and United States in particular, bears responsibility for migrant crisis due to lack of support of refugees in Middle East; notes most refugees would choose to stay in Middle East if possible; urges United States to accept far more refugees and to give more money to fund United Nations aid efforts.

Congress should urgently complete its efforts to reform the Toxic Substances Control Act. Congress should urgently complete its efforts to reform the Toxic Substances Control Act. Editorial underscores necessity of Congress completing reform of Toxic Substances Control Act; notes issue was highlighted in New York Times Magazine article that shows devastating case lawyer Rob Bilott has built against DuPont and its efforts to hide dangers of chemical known as perfluorooctanoic acid.

New ads from Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are part of a tradition that began with a race-baiting 1988 spot. New ads from Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are part of a tradition that began with a race-baiting 1988 spot. 

The Texas Republican lacks the Christian virtues many evangelical voters may expect. The Texas Republican lacks the Christian virtues many evangelical voters may expect. David Brooks Op-Ed column suggests Sen Ted Cruz has come up short when it comes to Christian virtues, and has instead had a career marked by overzealous application of the law, in a way that violates spirit of the law; observes that Cruz's speeches are marred by ridiculous apocalyptic themes; posits that Cruz's brutal approach is antithesis of best influence evangelicals and other conservatives have had on American politics.

 What have been the defining aspects of Obama's legacy as president? What have been the defining aspects of Obama's legacy as president?

 When she started delving into Vivian Maier’s family history, an amateur researcher had no idea that her search would become an obsession. When she started delving into Vivian Maier’s family history, an amateur researcher had no idea that her search would become an obsession.

A major project in the Pacific Ocean off the West Coast is monitoring a steaming ridge full of living and mineral wonders on the ocean floor circling Earth. A major project in the Pacific Ocean off the West Coast is monitoring a steaming ridge full of living and mineral wonders on the ocean floor circling Earth. Scientists have equipped highly-active volcanic ridge deep below surface of several oceans, with cameras and sensors providing continuous flow of data from one of planet's most obscure regions; such ridges, which typically lie more than mile deep and emit extremely high temperatures, are part of 40,000 mile network girding planet; data is expected to shed light on how undersea volcanic activity influences both ocean environment and atmospheric temperatures.

Quotation of the Day for Tuesday, January 12, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Tuesday, January 12, 2016. 

Corrections appearing in print on Tuesday, January 12, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Tuesday, January 12, 2016. 

 A review of 21 studies found that continuing to take statins both before and after coronary artery bypass surgery reduced complications. A review of 21 studies found that continuing to take statins both before and after coronary artery bypass surgery reduced complications.

You can stream some of David Bowie’s impressive film roles, including Andy Warhol in “Basquiat.” President Obama delivers his final State of the Union address. You can stream some of David Bowie’s impressive film roles, including Andy Warhol in “Basquiat.” President Obama delivers his final State of the Union address. 

 The vice president told CNN that the president had wanted to spare the Bidens from the prospect of selling their house to help Beau Biden’s family after a cancer diagnosis. The vice president told CNN that the president had wanted to spare the Bidens from the prospect of selling their house to help Beau Biden’s family after a cancer diagnosis.

 At the Iowa Black and Brown Forum, a nationally televised event focused on minority issues, Mrs. Clinton broke with the Obama administration in arguing that raids are not an appropriate method of enforcing immigration laws. At the Iowa Black and Brown Forum, a nationally televised event focused on minority issues, Mrs. Clinton broke with the Obama administration in arguing that raids are not an appropriate method of enforcing immigration laws.

Mr. Murdoch, the media titan, and Ms. Hall, a former model, made the announcement in the classifieds of The Times of London, a newspaper Mr. Murdoch’s company owns. Mr. Murdoch, the media titan, and Ms. Hall, a former model, made the announcement in the classifieds of The Times of London, a newspaper Mr. Murdoch’s company owns. 

 This word has appeared in 185 New York Times articles in the past year. This word has appeared in 185 New York Times articles in the past year.

Friedrich Nietzsche, a singular philosopher with the style of a romantic poet, influenced the past century in ways he could never have imagined and might not have countenanced. Friedrich Nietzsche, a singular philosopher with the style of a romantic poet, influenced the past century in ways he could never have imagined and might not have countenanced. 

Huey P. Newton, who helped found the Black Panthers, unapologetically argued that black Americans needed to patrol their neighborhoods. Huey P. Newton, who helped found the Black Panthers, unapologetically argued that black Americans needed to patrol their neighborhoods. 

Alice Coachman became the first black woman to win a gold medal, at the 1948 Olympics in London, then returned to racism in the United States. Alice Coachman became the first black woman to win a gold medal, at the 1948 Olympics in London, then returned to racism in the United States. 

Before Babe Ruth tantalized fans with hundreds of home runs he had to survive a tough childhood in an orphanage. Before Babe Ruth tantalized fans with hundreds of home runs he had to survive a tough childhood in an orphanage. 

Even after three gold medals, country came before glory for Teófilo Stevenson. Even after three gold medals, country came before glory for Teófilo Stevenson. 

Babe Didrikson Zaharias was a brash competitor in practically any sport who became internationally famous after winning three medals at the 1932 Olympics. Babe Didrikson Zaharias was a brash competitor in practically any sport who became internationally famous after winning three medals at the 1932 Olympics. 

George H. Gallup pioneered better public polling techniques and helped make polls a critical part of the electoral process. George H. Gallup pioneered better public polling techniques and helped make polls a critical part of the electoral process. 

The Justice Department hopes to seize more than $1 billion in assets bought with money that it believes was stolen from 1MDB, a Malaysian sovereign wealth fund. The Justice Department hopes to seize more than $1 billion in assets bought with money that it believes was stolen from 1MDB, a Malaysian sovereign wealth fund. 

Was Louis Armstrong the world’s most beloved entertainer, or was he the single most important musician in the history of jazz? The answer is yes. Was Louis Armstrong the world’s most beloved entertainer, or was he the single most important musician in the history of jazz? The answer is yes. 

“You can kill a man, but you can’t kill an idea,” he once said. Evers championed school integration, encouraged blacks to vote and staged daring protests against racial inequality in the South. “You can kill a man, but you can’t kill an idea,” he once said. Evers championed school integration, encouraged blacks to vote and staged daring protests against racial inequality in the South. 

World War I began with the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand by an 18-year-old student in Bosnia. World War I began with the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand by an 18-year-old student in Bosnia. 

Storme DeLarverie and Seymour Pine were on different sides of the historical riot at the Stonewall Inn in Greenwich Village in 1969. Storme DeLarverie and Seymour Pine were on different sides of the historical riot at the Stonewall Inn in Greenwich Village in 1969. 

Tom Brokaw said he would dine with Winston Churchill, who led England to victory during World War II. Tom Brokaw said he would dine with Winston Churchill, who led England to victory during World War II. 

Dr. Jonas Salk created the first successful vaccine against poliomyelitis, a debilitating illness that has proved difficult to eradicate. Dr. Jonas Salk created the first successful vaccine against poliomyelitis, a debilitating illness that has proved difficult to eradicate. 

Fame and fortune could never quite fill the void Judy Garland felt in her life. Fame and fortune could never quite fill the void Judy Garland felt in her life. 

Benazir Bhutto, twice elected prime minister of Pakistan, is remembered for governing the country during tumultuous times. Benazir Bhutto, twice elected prime minister of Pakistan, is remembered for governing the country during tumultuous times. 

Benjamin “Bugsy” Siegel is mainly remembered as a vicious mobster, but he also helped turn Las Vegas from a sleepy desert town into a grown-up playground. Benjamin “Bugsy” Siegel is mainly remembered as a vicious mobster, but he also helped turn Las Vegas from a sleepy desert town into a grown-up playground. 

Influential people tell us which historical figures they would dine with for our Breaking Bread series. Influential people tell us which historical figures they would dine with for our Breaking Bread series. 

Wernher von Braun played a key role in Hitler’s rocket program before turning to space exploration. Wernher von Braun played a key role in Hitler’s rocket program before turning to space exploration. 

A listener would not have realized it hearing her crooning, belting or scatting, but Ella Fitzgerald was a quiet person in private. A listener would not have realized it hearing her crooning, belting or scatting, but Ella Fitzgerald was a quiet person in private. 

The mystical, enigmatic and paradoxical imbued the writing of Jorge Luis Borges, an Argentine author whose concise, intricate work overflowed with wonder. The mystical, enigmatic and paradoxical imbued the writing of Jorge Luis Borges, an Argentine author whose concise, intricate work overflowed with wonder. 

In the nearly 17 years as the host of “Meet the Press,” Tim Russert grilled lawmakers from across the political spectrum. In the nearly 17 years as the host of “Meet the Press,” Tim Russert grilled lawmakers from across the political spectrum. 

David H. Petraeus, a retired general and former C.I.A. director, wrote about Ulysses S. Grant, a general who became president. David H. Petraeus, a retired general and former C.I.A. director, wrote about Ulysses S. Grant, a general who became president. 

The don of the Gambino crime family lived a surprisingly public life. The don of the Gambino crime family lived a surprisingly public life. 

Dorothy Parker was famous for her bons mots. Here are some of our favorites. Dorothy Parker was famous for her bons mots. Here are some of our favorites. 

“In many ways, the personal characteristics of Robert Kennedy are very much like the dominant characteristics of the American people,” The New York Times wrote on June 6, 1968, the day he died. “In many ways, the personal characteristics of Robert Kennedy are very much like the dominant characteristics of the American people,” The New York Times wrote on June 6, 1968, the day he died. 

Mourning Ruhollah Khomeini, the founder of the Islamic republic, required every Iranian’s complete attention. Mourning Ruhollah Khomeini, the founder of the Islamic republic, required every Iranian’s complete attention. 

Senator Cory Booker chooses Frederick Douglass, as we revisit some of the 200,000 obituaries that have appeared in The Times. Senator Cory Booker chooses Frederick Douglass, as we revisit some of the 200,000 obituaries that have appeared in The Times. 

A look at that complicated relationship, told through the personal stories of Americans. A look at that complicated relationship, told through the personal stories of Americans. 

Estados Unidos decidió actuar después de concluir que la epidemia de violencia causada por las pandillas ha llegado a nivel de crisis. Estados Unidos decidió actuar después de concluir que la epidemia de violencia causada por las pandillas ha llegado a nivel de crisis. 

Un lector asegura que no votó por Chávez, ni creyó en sus promesas pero reconoce que el gobierno del ex presidente “no ocurrió por accidente”. Un lector asegura que no votó por Chávez, ni creyó en sus promesas pero reconoce que el gobierno del ex presidente “no ocurrió por accidente”. 

In Quebec’s capital, hip and historic exist side by side, with cultural and culinary enticements for all manner of visitors. In Quebec’s capital, hip and historic exist side by side, with cultural and culinary enticements for all manner of visitors. 

At a Times Insider event, the Times columnist, Ron Lieber talked money — spending, earning and socking it away. At a Times Insider event, the Times columnist, Ron Lieber talked money — spending, earning and socking it away. 

This alluring seaside town also has its charms in the winter, with specialty shops offering wares from around the world. This alluring seaside town also has its charms in the winter, with specialty shops offering wares from around the world. 

Applications are open for the Fourth Annual New York Portfolio Review, where editors, curators, gallerists and book publishers will conduct two days of private photo critiques. Applications are open for the Fourth Annual New York Portfolio Review, where editors, curators, gallerists and book publishers will conduct two days of private photo critiques. 

 Jeffrey Wechsler gets tripped up. Jeffrey Wechsler gets tripped up.

The application to be Chicago's new police superintendent includes eight essay questions. Among the topics: accountability, use of technology and experience with matters related to terrorism. The application to be Chicago's new police superintendent includes eight essay questions. Among the topics: accountability, use of technology and experience with matters related to terrorism. 

 The survey company appointed Zander Lurie as its new chief executive, replacing Bill Veghte after just six months in the job. Mr. Veghte took over after the longtime chief David Goldberg died last May on a vacation to Mexico. The survey company appointed Zander Lurie as its new chief executive, replacing Bill Veghte after just six months in the job. Mr. Veghte took over after the longtime chief David Goldberg died last May on a vacation to Mexico.

 In this lesson, we provide strategies to help students accurately interpret maps, and we suggest ways for using current event maps as a tool to better understand both history and what’s going on in the world today. In this lesson, we provide strategies to help students accurately interpret maps, and we suggest ways for using current event maps as a tool to better understand both history and what’s going on in the world today.

Un nuevo libro propone que la principal causa de la obesidad no es el exceso de calorías sino el exceso de alimentos con un índice glicémico elevado. Un nuevo libro propone que la principal causa de la obesidad no es el exceso de calorías sino el exceso de alimentos con un índice glicémico elevado. 

The American Museum of Natural History unveils a new dinosaur exhibit this month. The process required careful planning and delicate handiwork. The American Museum of Natural History unveils a new dinosaur exhibit this month. The process required careful planning and delicate handiwork. 

 Campaigning for his wife in New Hampshire, Bill Clinton opened up about three people close to the family who had lost their lives to drug abuse or an overdose. Campaigning for his wife in New Hampshire, Bill Clinton opened up about three people close to the family who had lost their lives to drug abuse or an overdose.

The governor’s identity may feel tailored to reassure white Americans — but in her response to the State of the Union address, she appealed to a nation united by something deeper than appearances. The governor’s identity may feel tailored to reassure white Americans — but in her response to the State of the Union address, she appealed to a nation united by something deeper than appearances. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

Politicians in Denmark reacted to a bill that would require refugees to help finance their stay. The proposal is the latest of several recent migrant-deterring measures taken by the country. Politicians in Denmark reacted to a bill that would require refugees to help finance their stay. The proposal is the latest of several recent migrant-deterring measures taken by the country. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

Katy Perry, Johnny Depp and Elizabeth Olsen join fashion stars at the landmark Amoeba Music store. Katy Perry, Johnny Depp and Elizabeth Olsen join fashion stars at the landmark Amoeba Music store. 

 Photos from The Netherlands, Afghanistan, Israel and India. Photos from The Netherlands, Afghanistan, Israel and India.

Everyday items, from headphones to ballerina flats, that can be customized to fit you perfectly — all from your smartphone. Everyday items, from headphones to ballerina flats, that can be customized to fit you perfectly — all from your smartphone. 

The Netherlands and More — Pictures of the Day The Netherlands and More — Pictures of the Day 

 Mr. Sanders hit back on Wednesday as Mrs. Clinton continued to assail his positions on health insurance and gun control. Mr. Sanders hit back on Wednesday as Mrs. Clinton continued to assail his positions on health insurance and gun control.

Jami Morse Heidegger brings decades of experience — and some of the highest-quality ingredients in the industry — to Retrouvé. Jami Morse Heidegger brings decades of experience — and some of the highest-quality ingredients in the industry — to Retrouvé. 

Musicians recall the nudges of support that Mr. Bowie gave them early in their careers. “We felt he had all the time in the world for us,” a guitarist recounts. Musicians recall the nudges of support that Mr. Bowie gave them early in their careers. “We felt he had all the time in the world for us,” a guitarist recounts. 

 While Representative Steve King said he doubted whether Gov. Nikki Haley was a “principled conservative,” he thought she was “beautiful” enough to be the face of the Republican Party. While Representative Steve King said he doubted whether Gov. Nikki Haley was a “principled conservative,” he thought she was “beautiful” enough to be the face of the Republican Party.

 Elizabeth Verdow, who died in 2014, spent her career teaching in the Detroit public schools, and volunteered at the museum for almost two decades. Elizabeth Verdow, who died in 2014, spent her career teaching in the Detroit public schools, and volunteered at the museum for almost two decades.

Plus: Bras on the red carpet and the comeback of brooches. Plus: Bras on the red carpet and the comeback of brooches. 

 A journalist who has highlighted conspiracy theories about major news events is quoted in an ad by the “super PAC” supporting Jeb Bush. A journalist who has highlighted conspiracy theories about major news events is quoted in an ad by the “super PAC” supporting Jeb Bush.

 Stacey Lustig and Daniel Goldstein are the latest winners of a prize that has been awarded over time to Jason Robert Brown and Robert Lopez. Stacey Lustig and Daniel Goldstein are the latest winners of a prize that has been awarded over time to Jason Robert Brown and Robert Lopez.

Pete Wells’s review of the famed restaurant inspired comments from readers about their experience there and complaints about income disparity. Pete Wells’s review of the famed restaurant inspired comments from readers about their experience there and complaints about income disparity. 

 After the House passed legislation bolstering sanctions against Iran, Republican leaders called for a do-over because more than 100 members had not voted. After the House passed legislation bolstering sanctions against Iran, Republican leaders called for a do-over because more than 100 members had not voted.

 The departure of employees from the online shoe seller Zappos is continuing after the company adopted the radical self-management system Holacracy. The departure of employees from the online shoe seller Zappos is continuing after the company adopted the radical self-management system Holacracy.

 The strength of Mr. Cruz’s campaign reflects a Republican Party moving sharply right, readers said in response to a recent column. The strength of Mr. Cruz’s campaign reflects a Republican Party moving sharply right, readers said in response to a recent column.

Among the notable apps at International CES were the video-sharing apps MeVee and VidMob and the home DJ app Edjing Scratch. Among the notable apps at International CES were the video-sharing apps MeVee and VidMob and the home DJ app Edjing Scratch. 

 Absurdist monetary economics. Absurdist monetary economics.

Alejandro G. Inarritu narrates a scene from “The Revenant,” featuring Leonardo DiCaprio. Alejandro G. Inarritu narrates a scene from “The Revenant,” featuring Leonardo DiCaprio. 

 Toward a conservative alternative to the elite consensus on immigration. Toward a conservative alternative to the elite consensus on immigration.

 “I love the fact that people are shooting at me,” Gov. Chris Christie, while campaigning in New Hampshire, said of political opponents’ attacks on him. “I love the fact that people are shooting at me,” Gov. Chris Christie, while campaigning in New Hampshire, said of political opponents’ attacks on him.

The Rising States’ Meagan Delaney takes T inside her grandmother Denise Hare’s Dutchess County home — which inspires Delaney’s Ludlow Street boutique. The Rising States’ Meagan Delaney takes T inside her grandmother Denise Hare’s Dutchess County home — which inspires Delaney’s Ludlow Street boutique. 

 It’s a real discipline. It’s a real discipline.

 Parents and teachers can inadvertently teach children that feigning incompetence gets results. Parents and teachers can inadvertently teach children that feigning incompetence gets results.

 Gov. Nikki Haley of South Carolina, who gave the Republican rebuttal to the State of the Union address, said she was referring to Donald J. Trump when she warned Americans not to follow the angriest voices in politics. Gov. Nikki Haley of South Carolina, who gave the Republican rebuttal to the State of the Union address, said she was referring to Donald J. Trump when she warned Americans not to follow the angriest voices in politics.

Friday brunches in the City of Gold are often lavish, hourslong events with dizzying spreads. Here are four to get you started. Friday brunches in the City of Gold are often lavish, hourslong events with dizzying spreads. Here are four to get you started. 

 More than 4,600 educators have signed an open letter speaking out against intolerance and discrimination against Arab and Muslim Americans. More than 4,600 educators have signed an open letter speaking out against intolerance and discrimination against Arab and Muslim Americans.

 The Danish company had refused a request for a bulk order by the Chinese artist, whose work has often been critical of the Beijing government. The Danish company had refused a request for a bulk order by the Chinese artist, whose work has often been critical of the Beijing government.

 Mrs. Clinton will answer a reader question when she visits the editorial board on Thursday. Mrs. Clinton will answer a reader question when she visits the editorial board on Thursday.

 Jim Rutenberg is a strong choice to succeed David Carr. Jim Rutenberg is a strong choice to succeed David Carr.

A conversation about the pop star with the philosopher Simon Critchley, author of “Bowie.” A conversation about the pop star with the philosopher Simon Critchley, author of “Bowie.” 

New York Times readers share their memories of David Bowie and what his life and music meant to them. New York Times readers share their memories of David Bowie and what his life and music meant to them. 

The initiative will start in Manhattan and Miami-Dade County as part of a broader federal effort to focus on money laundering in real estate. The initiative will start in Manhattan and Miami-Dade County as part of a broader federal effort to focus on money laundering in real estate. 

So many options for dinner tonight: pasta with broccoli and anchovy sauce, miso chicken, kimchi soup and more. So many options for dinner tonight: pasta with broccoli and anchovy sauce, miso chicken, kimchi soup and more. 

Americans took to social media to share their excitement, and qualms, about potentially hitting the jackpot, which was at $1.5 billion on Wednesday. Americans took to social media to share their excitement, and qualms, about potentially hitting the jackpot, which was at $1.5 billion on Wednesday. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: A Nazi general linked to the death of Anne Frank is arrested in 1966. From the International Herald Tribune archives: A Nazi general linked to the death of Anne Frank is arrested in 1966.

 Hillary Clinton says she would use the winnings from the top Powerball prize to finance her campaign. Hillary Clinton says she would use the winnings from the top Powerball prize to finance her campaign.

Following dance history in film and sound clips, and catching missed shows at Joyce Theater reprise productions. Following dance history in film and sound clips, and catching missed shows at Joyce Theater reprise productions. 

 A Des Moines Register/Bloomberg Politics survey released on Wednesday found that 25 percent of Iowa Republican voters support Senator Ted Cruz while 22 percent back Donald j. Trump, with few bothered by the questions surrounding Mr. Cruz’s citizenship. A Des Moines Register/Bloomberg Politics survey released on Wednesday found that 25 percent of Iowa Republican voters support Senator Ted Cruz while 22 percent back Donald j. Trump, with few bothered by the questions surrounding Mr. Cruz’s citizenship.

The property, set on a little over an acre in a luxury resort, is on the market for $2.5 million. The property, set on a little over an acre in a luxury resort, is on the market for $2.5 million. 

 Which giant tech company does Netflix most take after? For some, the answer is Amazon. Which giant tech company does Netflix most take after? For some, the answer is Amazon.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Changes are made to Italy’s forces in Albania in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Changes are made to Italy’s forces in Albania in 1941.

This week’s properties include a modern in California, a Victorian-style house in Louisiana, and a cabin in Washington. This week’s properties include a modern in California, a Victorian-style house in Louisiana, and a cabin in Washington. 

A modern in California, a Victorian-style house in Louisiana, and a cabin in Washington A modern in California, a Victorian-style house in Louisiana, and a cabin in Washington 

 Obama’s macro record: not too bad. Obama’s macro record: not too bad.

With apologies to Emma Lazarus, a poem to raise the spirits of hedge-fund billionaires and foreign oligarchs in their supertall penthouses. With apologies to Emma Lazarus, a poem to raise the spirits of hedge-fund billionaires and foreign oligarchs in their supertall penthouses. 

Two stylish new alphabet books deliver enchantment along with the ABCs. Two stylish new alphabet books deliver enchantment along with the ABCs. 

Impressed by Donald J. Trump’s resilience so far, a veteran political strategist now believes Mr. Trump could capture the Republican nomination. Impressed by Donald J. Trump’s resilience so far, a veteran political strategist now believes Mr. Trump could capture the Republican nomination. 

 The Times asked adult readers this same question this week and, now that President Obama has given his final State of the Union address, we pose it to you. What are our biggest problems? What are the most hopeful things about America in 2016? The Times asked adult readers this same question this week and, now that President Obama has given his final State of the Union address, we pose it to you. What are our biggest problems? What are the most hopeful things about America in 2016?

 In a new ad on Tuesday night, Mrs. Clinton did not name Mr. Sanders, but she didn’t have to. Mrs. Clinton, who was such a prohibitive leader in polls that her presence in the race discouraged some Democratic elected officials from challenging her, finds herself in a tightening contest with Mr. Sanders, a self-described Democratic socialist and independent from Vermont. In a new ad on Tuesday night, Mrs. Clinton did not name Mr. Sanders, but she didn’t have to. Mrs. Clinton, who was such a prohibitive leader in polls that her presence in the race discouraged some Democratic elected officials from challenging her, finds herself in a tightening contest with Mr. Sanders, a self-described Democratic socialist and independent from Vermont.

 A small group led by Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee, has been discussing some potentially nonexplosive changes, including limiting the use of a filibuster to prevent opening debate on spending bills and reducing some of the required time between procedural votes. The group will meet with Republicans on Wednesday. A small group led by Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee, has been discussing some potentially nonexplosive changes, including limiting the use of a filibuster to prevent opening debate on spending bills and reducing some of the required time between procedural votes. The group will meet with Republicans on Wednesday.

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 Representative Adam B. Schiff of California and Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut want to change the law that protects gun manufacturers from most lawsuits over gun crimes, a law that Hillary Clinton has criticized Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont on the presidential campaign trail for voting for in 2005. Representative Adam B. Schiff of California and Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut want to change the law that protects gun manufacturers from most lawsuits over gun crimes, a law that Hillary Clinton has criticized Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont on the presidential campaign trail for voting for in 2005.

 A New Corporate Bank Raider Eyes a Sale of Ally | Puerto Rico Utility’s Debt Plan Remains Fragile A New Corporate Bank Raider Eyes a Sale of Ally | Puerto Rico Utility’s Debt Plan Remains Fragile

Wednesday: An unsurprising speech, blustery weather, and Restaurant Week. Wednesday: An unsurprising speech, blustery weather, and Restaurant Week. 

 Like other forms of physical activity, tai chi may be an effective method for helping to reduce the risk of heart disease. Like other forms of physical activity, tai chi may be an effective method for helping to reduce the risk of heart disease.

 President Obama framed the issue as the most important of the several he laid out in his speech. Though he acknowledged the difficulty in building traction for such initiatives, he said he intended to campaign for them in the final months of his administration and after he leaves office. President Obama framed the issue as the most important of the several he laid out in his speech. Though he acknowledged the difficulty in building traction for such initiatives, he said he intended to campaign for them in the final months of his administration and after he leaves office.

What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including cooking classes at a Seattle hotel and guest chefs at a hotel in New York. What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including cooking classes at a Seattle hotel and guest chefs at a hotel in New York. In Transit blog; Efendi Hotel in Acre, 4,000-year-old port city in northern Israel, is offering four-day trip focusing on culture and history of city and surrounding region of Western Galilee.

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 To handle stress and adversity more effectively, we should probably pay closer attention to what is happening inside our bodies, according to a fascinating new brain study. To handle stress and adversity more effectively, we should probably pay closer attention to what is happening inside our bodies, according to a fascinating new brain study.

The first lady has worn a range of designers over eight years. The first lady has worn a range of designers over eight years. 

 The decision to move a parent into a nursing home is always excruciatingly difficult, but it was out of the question for me. The decision to move a parent into a nursing home is always excruciatingly difficult, but it was out of the question for me.

 Before you read the article, take a guess: What do you think the odds of winning this week’s $1.5 billion Powerball jackpot would be if you bought one ticket? Before you read the article, take a guess: What do you think the odds of winning this week’s $1.5 billion Powerball jackpot would be if you bought one ticket?

Poland’s retreat from the fundamental values of liberal democracy is reprehensible and foolish. Poland’s retreat from the fundamental values of liberal democracy is reprehensible and foolish. Editorial urges European leaders to censure Poland's conservative, nationalistic government for assuming greater control over country's judiciary and media; acknowledges challenges former Communist societies face in adjusting to Western institutions and values, but asserts Poland's leaders underestimates necessity of open society as bulwark against authoritarianism.

Conservative strategists understand that if you turn enough of the local map red, you can shrink the power of government just where you want it shrunk. Conservative strategists understand that if you turn enough of the local map red, you can shrink the power of government just where you want it shrunk. 

There is a crisis in police violence, but there is also a crisis in mental health services that we leave to the police to solve. There is a crisis in police violence, but there is also a crisis in mental health services that we leave to the police to solve. Op-Ed article by assistant professor Matthew Epperson asserts responsibility for managing mentally ill people in crisis, especially those who are poor, has largely and unfairly fallen on police; suggests recent concerns about police violence could be mitigated by revised approach; calls for increased funding for mental health treatment, and programs integrating police work with mental health services.

We can’t regulate our way to higher teacher quality. To help our children, we need to nurture their teachers. We can’t regulate our way to higher teacher quality. To help our children, we need to nurture their teachers. Op-Ed article by Shael Polakow-Suransky lauds New York Board of Regents' decision to rethink teacher evaluations; argues best strategy for improving New York State's schools is to require better training and preparation for developing teachers, adopt more flexible testing methods and empower principals to support and evaluate their own teachers.

It’s no wonder people are morally aroused by the behavior they are exposed to. But beware when moral arousal manifests as moral outrage. It’s no wonder people are morally aroused by the behavior they are exposed to. But beware when moral arousal manifests as moral outrage. Thomas L Friedman Op-Ed column reflects on causes and effects of current trend toward political and social protest, largely driven by disruptive forces of globalization, steady proliferation of technology and changing forces of nature. 

Mayor Bill de Blasio announced two encouraging new approaches in pursuit of a safer city. Mayor Bill de Blasio announced two encouraging new approaches in pursuit of a safer city. 

 With a surge in wildlife in the New York area, are urbanites losing ground to their furry neighbors? With a surge in wildlife in the New York area, are urbanites losing ground to their furry neighbors?

 Recent research into the early life of Vivian Maier suggests a difficult childhood that was offset by the support of other women. Recent research into the early life of Vivian Maier suggests a difficult childhood that was offset by the support of other women.

Quotation of the Day for Wednesday, January 13, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Wednesday, January 13, 2016. 

Corrections appearing in print on Wednesday, January 13, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Wednesday, January 13, 2016. 

“Second Chance” deserves a second look. Sutton Foster shaves off the years in “Younger.” And Jerry Seinfeld takes Kathleen Madigan for a spin. “Second Chance” deserves a second look. Sutton Foster shaves off the years in “Younger.” And Jerry Seinfeld takes Kathleen Madigan for a spin. 

Jonathan Weisman of The Times analyzes key moments from the president’s last annual address to Congress. Jonathan Weisman of The Times analyzes key moments from the president’s last annual address to Congress. 

How President Obama’s economic message contrasts with what the 2016 candidates are saying. How President Obama’s economic message contrasts with what the 2016 candidates are saying. 

Congress&#8217;s reaction to the president&#8217;s last State of the Union address was a reflection of the partisanship that Mr. Obama had pledged to reverse &#8212; a failure he called one of the great regrets of his tenure. Congress&#8217;s reaction to the president&#8217;s last State of the Union address was a reflection of the partisanship that Mr. Obama had pledged to reverse &#8212; a failure he called one of the great regrets of his tenure. Congress largely reacts to Pres Obama's final State of the Union address with same acrimonious  partisanship that he had hoped to overcome when taking office; Republicans, for the most part, remain silently in their seats, while Democrats are vocally supportive, standing at times to cheer.

The Devils, who lost for the fourth time in five games, have not won in St. Louis since December 2008. The Devils, who lost for the fourth time in five games, have not won in St. Louis since December 2008. 

Gov. Rick Snyder of Michigan activated the National Guard, which will free up American Red Cross volunteers to join efforts to provide free supplies door to door. Gov. Rick Snyder of Michigan activated the National Guard, which will free up American Red Cross volunteers to join efforts to provide free supplies door to door. Michigan Gov Rick Snyder activates National Guard and asks Federal Emergency Management Agency for help in dealing with lead-tainted drinking water in city of Flint. 

 This word has appeared in 406 New York Times articles in the past year. This word has appeared in 406 New York Times articles in the past year.

LINTS--Rasjad Kenton, born February 5, 1954, died January 9, 2016 in Vancouver, WA. Renowned pediatrician, Associate Medical Director, lover of airstreams, runner, outdoorsman and committed husband and father. Donations and memorial service on February 6, 2016 will be announced on his blog www.a- life-beyond-measure.com. 1/3 LINTS--Rasjad Kenton, born February 5, 1954, died January 9, 2016 in Vancouver, WA. Renowned pediatrician, Associate Medical Director, lover of airstreams, runner, outdoorsman and committed husband and father. Donations and memorial service on February 6, 2016 will be announced on his blog www.a- life-beyond-measure.com. 1/3 

DUTTON--Pauline Barbara, of Kinderhook, NY and Canaan, CT passed away on January 10 at the age of 90. Born in New York City, she was the adored wife of the late Ben Joseph Dutton, an inspirational and devoted mother to Deborah Dutton Minton and Pamela Barbara Dutton and grandmother of Sebastian Frugone and Alexandra Frugone. She was imbued with great dignity and genuine goodness. Her enthusiasm for life, love of family, spiritedness and spontaneity touched us all. Her spirit will remain with us forever. A Mass of Christian burial will be held on Thursday, January 14 at 10:00am at St. Joseph's Church, 4 Main Street, Canaan, CT. Interment will take place on Thursday, January 14 at 2:00pm St. Michael's Cemetery, 7202 Astoria Boulevard, East Elmhurst, NY. Calling hours will take place at Finnerty & Stevens Funeral Home in Great Barrington, MA on Wednesday, January 13 from 11am to 1pm and 2pm to 6pm. Memorial contributions may be sent to the Kosciuszko Foundation Art Restoration Fund, 15 East 65th St., New York, NY 10065. 1/3 DUTTON--Pauline Barbara, of Kinderhook, NY and Canaan, CT passed away on January 10 at the age of 90. Born in New York City, she was the adored wife of the late Ben Joseph Dutton, an inspirational and devoted mother to Deborah Dutton Minton and Pamela Barbara Dutton and grandmother of Sebastian Frugone and Alexandra Frugone. She was imbued with great dignity and genuine goodness. Her enthusiasm for life, love of family, spiritedness and spontaneity touched us all. Her spirit will remain with us forever. A Mass of Christian burial will be held on Thursday, January 14 at 10:00am at St. Joseph's Church, 4 Main Street, Canaan, CT. Interment will take place on Thursday, January 14 at 2:00pm St. Michael's Cemetery, 7202 Astoria Boulevard, East Elmhurst, NY. Calling hours will take place at Finnerty & Stevens Funeral Home in Great Barrington, MA on Wednesday, January 13 from 11am to 1pm and 2pm to 6pm. Memorial contributions may be sent to the Kosciuszko Foundation Art Restoration Fund, 15 East 65th St., New York, NY 10065. 1/3 

GREASON--Mary Twomey. The entire Marymount Manhattan College community mourns the loss of Mary Twomey Greason. Mary Twomey Greason graduated magna cum laude from Marymount Manhattan College in 1986 with a Bachelor of Arts in art history and went on to a life of service for the College. Mary encouraged alumni to become involved and give back to the college, and demonstrated tremendous generosity and leadership in her work on the Board of Trustees from 1995 to 2004 and again from 2005 to 2014. She lit up every room she entered and was a friend to all. Mary's commitment to Marymount Manhattan and her dedication to the college's students, faculty, and staff will always be remembered. Services: visitation at Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home, 1076 Madison Ave., New York, NY, Tuesday, January 12th from 3:00-5:00pm and 7:00-9:00pm. Funeral Mass at 11:00am on Wednesday, January 13th, at Our Lady of Peace Church, East 62nd St. between Second and Third Avenues. In lieu of flowers, the family has suggested contributions to the Mary Twomey Greason Endowed Scholarship at Marymount Manhattan College. Kerry Walk, Ph.D., President, Marymount Manhattan College Hope Knight, Chairperson of the Board of Trustees, Marymount Manhattan College 1/3 GREASON--Mary Twomey. The entire Marymount Manhattan College community mourns the loss of Mary Twomey Greason. Mary Twomey Greason graduated magna cum laude from Marymount Manhattan College in 1986 with a Bachelor of Arts in art history and went on to a life of service for the College. Mary encouraged alumni to become involved and give back to the college, and demonstrated tremendous generosity and leadership in her work on the Board of Trustees from 1995 to 2004 and again from 2005 to 2014. She lit up every room she entered and was a friend to all. Mary's commitment to Marymount Manhattan and her dedication to the college's students, faculty, and staff will always be remembered. Services: visitation at Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home, 1076 Madison Ave., New York, NY, Tuesday, January 12th from 3:00-5:00pm and 7:00-9:00pm. Funeral Mass at 11:00am on Wednesday, January 13th, at Our Lady of Peace Church, East 62nd St. between Second and Third Avenues. In lieu of flowers, the family has suggested contributions to the Mary Twomey Greason Endowed Scholarship at Marymount Manhattan College. Kerry Walk, Ph.D., President, Marymount Manhattan College Hope Knight, Chairperson of the Board of Trustees, Marymount Manhattan College 1/3 

PRESENT-- Dr. Daniel H. A brilliant, creative, and abundantly loved giant has left us. Dr. Daniel H. Present, born April 3, 1934, passed away on January 12th from complication of Parkinson's Disease. He was 81 years old. His passing will be deeply mourned by Jane Werner Present, his wife, partner, lover and best friend of more than 59 years, his three children, their spouses, and four grandchildren, Tracy Present, Stephanie, Michael, Billy and Katherine Podalak, Douglas, Susan, Adam and Margot Present, and his sister Judy Present Liss; his friends, associates and the thousands of lives he touched during his 50 years of practice. Dan graduated from Syracuse University Magna Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa in 1955 and State University of New York Downstate College of Medicine, Magna Cum Laude, in 1959. He completed an internship, medical residency, Gastroenterology residency and GI Fellowship at Mt. Sinai Hospital, and entered private practice in 1964, where he quickly began to focus his attention on the management of Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. He was the recipient of the first research award given by the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America. Dan brought clinical trials into clinical practice. His first paper was accepted for publication in 1966. He subsequently published 329 papers. At the time of his retirement, his publications had been cited more than 15,000 times. During his 54 years at Mt. Sinai, he served as President of both the Association of the Attending Staff and the Alumni Association for which he received the coveted Jacobi Medallion for Conspicuous Service to the Alumni. Dan received every award in his field including the Samuel Bronfman Department of Medicine Distinguished Service Award, The American Gastroenterology Association Distinguished Clinician Award, Master of the American College of Gastroenterology, The WiIIiam Dock, M.D. Master Teacher Award in Medicine State University of New York, the Janssen Award for Outstanding Achievement Award in Clinical Gastroenterology, the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America Lifetime Achievement Award and the George Arents Award for Excellence in Medicine, the highest achievement awarded by Syracuse University. He is generally recognized as having pioneered the way Crohn's disease is treated. More than any recognition, Dan loved taking care of his patients. He loved them and they returned that love many times over. His joy came from sparing his patients the pain, discomfort, and humiliation of inflammatory bowel disease by finding the right combination of medications and thoughtful creativity. He fought against surgery if there was a possible medical solution. He talked with his patients for many more hours than any HMO wouId have allowed. He sat at their bedside and visited them late at night, he celebrated when they felt better. Nothing made him happier than a college student being able to return to school, or a young adult feeling well enough to plan a wedding or bear a child. He loved teaching young Gastroenterologists and, along with a grateful patient, created the Present-Levison fourth year fellowship in Clinical GI, which allowed the brightest young men and women to spend a post-graduate year learning clinical GI at Mt. Sinai. These fellows now care for IBD patients all over the world. Funeral services will be held on Thursday at 12pm at "The Riverside," 180 West 76th St., New York. Contributions in Dan's memory may be made to the Present-Levison Fellowship at Mt. Sinai, and sent to the Division of Gastroenterology, Mt. Sinai Hospital, Box 1069, New York, New York 10029. 1/3 PRESENT-- Dr. Daniel H. A brilliant, creative, and abundantly loved giant has left us. Dr. Daniel H. Present, born April 3, 1934, passed away on January 12th from complication of Parkinson's Disease. He was 81 years old. His passing will be deeply mourned by Jane Werner Present, his wife, partner, lover and best friend of more than 59 years, his three children, their spouses, and four grandchildren, Tracy Present, Stephanie, Michael, Billy and Katherine Podalak, Douglas, Susan, Adam and Margot Present, and his sister Judy Present Liss; his friends, associates and the thousands of lives he touched during his 50 years of practice. Dan graduated from Syracuse University Magna Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa in 1955 and State University of New York Downstate College of Medicine, Magna Cum Laude, in 1959. He completed an internship, medical residency, Gastroenterology residency and GI Fellowship at Mt. Sinai Hospital, and entered private practice in 1964, where he quickly began to focus his attention on the management of Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. He was the recipient of the first research award given by the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America. Dan brought clinical trials into clinical practice. His first paper was accepted for publication in 1966. He subsequently published 329 papers. At the time of his retirement, his publications had been cited more than 15,000 times. During his 54 years at Mt. Sinai, he served as President of both the Association of the Attending Staff and the Alumni Association for which he received the coveted Jacobi Medallion for Conspicuous Service to the Alumni. Dan received every award in his field including the Samuel Bronfman Department of Medicine Distinguished Service Award, The American Gastroenterology Association Distinguished Clinician Award, Master of the American College of Gastroenterology, The WiIIiam Dock, M.D. Master Teacher Award in Medicine State University of New York, the Janssen Award for Outstanding Achievement Award in Clinical Gastroenterology, the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America Lifetime Achievement Award and the George Arents Award for Excellence in Medicine, the highest achievement awarded by Syracuse University. He is generally recognized as having pioneered the way Crohn's disease is treated. More than any recognition, Dan loved taking care of his patients. He loved them and they returned that love many times over. His joy came from sparing his patients the pain, discomfort, and humiliation of inflammatory bowel disease by finding the right combination of medications and thoughtful creativity. He fought against surgery if there was a possible medical solution. He talked with his patients for many more hours than any HMO wouId have allowed. He sat at their bedside and visited them late at night, he celebrated when they felt better. Nothing made him happier than a college student being able to return to school, or a young adult feeling well enough to plan a wedding or bear a child. He loved teaching young Gastroenterologists and, along with a grateful patient, created the Present-Levison fourth year fellowship in Clinical GI, which allowed the brightest young men and women to spend a post-graduate year learning clinical GI at Mt. Sinai. These fellows now care for IBD patients all over the world. Funeral services will be held on Thursday at 12pm at "The Riverside," 180 West 76th St., New York. Contributions in Dan's memory may be made to the Present-Levison Fellowship at Mt. Sinai, and sent to the Division of Gastroenterology, Mt. Sinai Hospital, Box 1069, New York, New York 10029. 1/3 

POSER--Joseph Edward. Born London, 30 July 1924, died New York, 24 December 2015. Former president of the American Fur Merchants Association and the International Fur Trade Federation. Survived by Mimi, his wife of 63 years, children Margaret, Nicholas (April Newbauer), Daphne (George Kalogerakis), grandchildren Rachel, Justin, Simon, brother Norman, sister Elizabeth Gribin, by relatives in the USA, England and Scandinavia, and will be missed by his many friends. 1/3 POSER--Joseph Edward. Born London, 30 July 1924, died New York, 24 December 2015. Former president of the American Fur Merchants Association and the International Fur Trade Federation. Survived by Mimi, his wife of 63 years, children Margaret, Nicholas (April Newbauer), Daphne (George Kalogerakis), grandchildren Rachel, Justin, Simon, brother Norman, sister Elizabeth Gribin, by relatives in the USA, England and Scandinavia, and will be missed by his many friends. 1/3 

MASLOW--Marilyn Moore, 83, of Naples, FL died Saturday January 9, 2016. While living in Scarsdale, NY and completing a course of professional study at Tobe Coburn School of Fashion Design, Marilyn embarked on a successful career as a children's fashion editor for Harper's Bazaar. Survivors include her husband Richard; six children, Jennifer Holtzman Maslow of Ashland, OR, Hilary Maslow of Charlotte, VT, Melanie Maslow-Kern of Dallas, Douglas Maslow of Dallas, Allison Maslow of Shavertown and Leslie Maslow of New York. She is survived by eight grandchildren: Percy, Temple and Rivers Holtzman; Eric Naud; and Olivia, Louise, Malcolm and Duncan Lumia. Also surviving are her beloved sisters-in-law, Louise Moore and Gyana Pendleton, and nine nieces and nephews. For more information and to place online condolences please visit: www.fullernaples.com 1/3 MASLOW--Marilyn Moore, 83, of Naples, FL died Saturday January 9, 2016. While living in Scarsdale, NY and completing a course of professional study at Tobe Coburn School of Fashion Design, Marilyn embarked on a successful career as a children's fashion editor for Harper's Bazaar. Survivors include her husband Richard; six children, Jennifer Holtzman Maslow of Ashland, OR, Hilary Maslow of Charlotte, VT, Melanie Maslow-Kern of Dallas, Douglas Maslow of Dallas, Allison Maslow of Shavertown and Leslie Maslow of New York. She is survived by eight grandchildren: Percy, Temple and Rivers Holtzman; Eric Naud; and Olivia, Louise, Malcolm and Duncan Lumia. Also surviving are her beloved sisters-in-law, Louise Moore and Gyana Pendleton, and nine nieces and nephews. For more information and to place online condolences please visit: www.fullernaples.com 1/3 

HAGOPIAN--Louis Thomas. Of Vero Beach, FL and Darien, CT, died after a short illness in his Florida home on January 9, 2016 at age 90. He is survived by his wife of 60 years, Joanne Kelly Hagopian; his daughter Susan Goddard and sons Thomas and Matthew; nine grandchildren; his sister Helen Geovjian; and more than 40 members of his extended family. Lou thought himself to be one of the luckiest men in the world, with a wife and family who loved him and whom he loved dearly, parents he respected and adored and a career he both enjoyed and succeeded in beyond his wildest hopes. As the son of parents who fled to the United States after their families were killed in the Armenian Genocide, he felt that he truly lived the American Dream and loved this country for it. Lou served in the US Navy during World War II and graduated from Michigan State University after the War. His career started in the auto business, but his skills in marketing and communications soon led him to a successful career in advertising with the oldest agency in the US, NW Ayer. He led NW Ayer for over 25 years, including the last ten as Chairman and CEO. During his tenure, Ayer was selected Agency of the Year and developed numerous iconic advertising campaigns with taglines such as "A Diamond is Forever" and "Be All That You Can Be." He also was Chairman of the Advertising Association of America and a founding member of the innovative Partnership for Drug-Free America. Lou was a man of style with an enormous heart, tremendous charm and a wicked wit. He loved to serenade his wife, Joanne, with "Misty" or "My Funny Valentine" whenever given the slightest excuse (and often without). An avid and excellent golfer for over 70 years, he started as a caddy at the Pine Lake Country Club outside of Detroit and ended as a member of the Royal & Ancient Golf Club in St. Andrews (where he won the Seniors Tournament at the age of 86). Services will be held at St. Thomas More Catholic Church in Darien, CT at 10:30am on Saturday, January 16. A memorial service will also be scheduled for friends and relatives in Vero Beach in the next several weeks. In lieu of flowers, the family requests that a memorial donation be made to Indian River Habitat for Humanity, www.irchabitat.org. Services are under the direction of Strunk Funeral Home and Crematory, Vero Beach. An online guest book is available at www. strunkfuneralhome.com. 1/3 HAGOPIAN--Louis Thomas. Of Vero Beach, FL and Darien, CT, died after a short illness in his Florida home on January 9, 2016 at age 90. He is survived by his wife of 60 years, Joanne Kelly Hagopian; his daughter Susan Goddard and sons Thomas and Matthew; nine grandchildren; his sister Helen Geovjian; and more than 40 members of his extended family. Lou thought himself to be one of the luckiest men in the world, with a wife and family who loved him and whom he loved dearly, parents he respected and adored and a career he both enjoyed and succeeded in beyond his wildest hopes. As the son of parents who fled to the United States after their families were killed in the Armenian Genocide, he felt that he truly lived the American Dream and loved this country for it. Lou served in the US Navy during World War II and graduated from Michigan State University after the War. His career started in the auto business, but his skills in marketing and communications soon led him to a successful career in advertising with the oldest agency in the US, NW Ayer. He led NW Ayer for over 25 years, including the last ten as Chairman and CEO. During his tenure, Ayer was selected Agency of the Year and developed numerous iconic advertising campaigns with taglines such as "A Diamond is Forever" and "Be All That You Can Be." He also was Chairman of the Advertising Association of America and a founding member of the innovative Partnership for Drug-Free America. Lou was a man of style with an enormous heart, tremendous charm and a wicked wit. He loved to serenade his wife, Joanne, with "Misty" or "My Funny Valentine" whenever given the slightest excuse (and often without). An avid and excellent golfer for over 70 years, he started as a caddy at the Pine Lake Country Club outside of Detroit and ended as a member of the Royal & Ancient Golf Club in St. Andrews (where he won the Seniors Tournament at the age of 86). Services will be held at St. Thomas More Catholic Church in Darien, CT at 10:30am on Saturday, January 16. A memorial service will also be scheduled for friends and relatives in Vero Beach in the next several weeks. In lieu of flowers, the family requests that a memorial donation be made to Indian River Habitat for Humanity, www.irchabitat.org. Services are under the direction of Strunk Funeral Home and Crematory, Vero Beach. An online guest book is available at www. strunkfuneralhome.com. 1/3 

TROUTMAN--Patricia W. January 11, 2016. Wife of the late Courtland W. Troutman. Wake at Pelham Funeral Home, 64 Lincoln Ave, Pelham, NY, Friday, 2-4 and 7-9pm. Funeral Mass, Saturday, 10am, St. Catharine's, 25 Second Ave, Pelham, NY. 1/3 TROUTMAN--Patricia W. January 11, 2016. Wife of the late Courtland W. Troutman. Wake at Pelham Funeral Home, 64 Lincoln Ave, Pelham, NY, Friday, 2-4 and 7-9pm. Funeral Mass, Saturday, 10am, St. Catharine's, 25 Second Ave, Pelham, NY. 1/3 

SCHNEIDER--John Kleban. January 11, 2016. Loved brother of Jane, Rick; uncle of Sara, Matthew; granduncle of four. RIP Johnny. 1/3 SCHNEIDER--John Kleban. January 11, 2016. Loved brother of Jane, Rick; uncle of Sara, Matthew; granduncle of four. RIP Johnny. 1/3 

LITTELL--Rosalind "Ronnie." The family of Ronnie Littell deeply mourn her death on January 10, 2016 at age 91. Beloved wife of David; mother of Bruce (and Heather) and Scott (and Sherri); grandmother of Nicole (and Tom), Danielle, Brent, Griffin, Marissa and Erika; great-grand- mother to Emma and Jack. A prolific song writer and lover of music, Ronnie was a frequent guest on the Joe Franklin Show. The Ronnie Littell Special, a tribute to her father, is believed to be the longest running program on public television. Her memory will be a blessing for all she loved and all who loved her. 1/3 LITTELL--Rosalind "Ronnie." The family of Ronnie Littell deeply mourn her death on January 10, 2016 at age 91. Beloved wife of David; mother of Bruce (and Heather) and Scott (and Sherri); grandmother of Nicole (and Tom), Danielle, Brent, Griffin, Marissa and Erika; great-grand- mother to Emma and Jack. A prolific song writer and lover of music, Ronnie was a frequent guest on the Joe Franklin Show. The Ronnie Littell Special, a tribute to her father, is believed to be the longest running program on public television. Her memory will be a blessing for all she loved and all who loved her. 1/3 

PRESENT--Daniel H.,M.D. The faculty and staff of the Dr. Henry D. Janowitz Division of Gastroenterology and the Department of Medicine at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai mourn the passing of Daniel Present, M.D. Beloved by his patients and revered by his trainees and colleagues, Dr. Present leaves behind a fifty-year legacy of research and treatment of inflammatory bowel disease. His innovations in the care of Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis immeasurably improved the lives of thousands of patients. Our deepest condolences go to his family: wife Jane, children Douglas, Stephanie and Tracy, and his grandchildren. 1/3 PRESENT--Daniel H.,M.D. The faculty and staff of the Dr. Henry D. Janowitz Division of Gastroenterology and the Department of Medicine at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai mourn the passing of Daniel Present, M.D. Beloved by his patients and revered by his trainees and colleagues, Dr. Present leaves behind a fifty-year legacy of research and treatment of inflammatory bowel disease. His innovations in the care of Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis immeasurably improved the lives of thousands of patients. Our deepest condolences go to his family: wife Jane, children Douglas, Stephanie and Tracy, and his grandchildren. 1/3 

DIAMOND--Michael H. The partners of Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP mourn the passing of dear friend and former partner, Michael H. Diamond. A highly regarded lawyer who made a tremendous impact on the litigation field in Los Angeles and beyond, Mike joined Milbank in 2000 as partner and head of the Litigation Group in the Firm's Los Angeles office. Prior to joining Milbank, he spent 23 years at Skadden, Arps, where he opened and expanded the firm's Los Angeles office. After retiring from Milbank in 2007, Mike founded a successful consulting and expert witness firm, MHD Group. During his career, he advised numerous corporations and their officers, directors and shareholders, on complex and high-profile disputes. Mike was also dedicated to pro bono work, applying his legal skills to a wide range of matters. These included the merger of Brandeis-Bardin Institute with the University of Judaism, which formed the American Jewish University, and his successful defense of journalists in a case related to the 2000 Democratic National Convention, which earned him recognition from the ACLU Foundation of Southern California. He held degrees from Brown University and Columbia University Law School. We extend our deepest sympathies to Mike's wife, Marilyn, his four children Seth, Cory, Beth and Debra and ten grandchildren, and to his entire family. 1/3 DIAMOND--Michael H. The partners of Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP mourn the passing of dear friend and former partner, Michael H. Diamond. A highly regarded lawyer who made a tremendous impact on the litigation field in Los Angeles and beyond, Mike joined Milbank in 2000 as partner and head of the Litigation Group in the Firm's Los Angeles office. Prior to joining Milbank, he spent 23 years at Skadden, Arps, where he opened and expanded the firm's Los Angeles office. After retiring from Milbank in 2007, Mike founded a successful consulting and expert witness firm, MHD Group. During his career, he advised numerous corporations and their officers, directors and shareholders, on complex and high-profile disputes. Mike was also dedicated to pro bono work, applying his legal skills to a wide range of matters. These included the merger of Brandeis-Bardin Institute with the University of Judaism, which formed the American Jewish University, and his successful defense of journalists in a case related to the 2000 Democratic National Convention, which earned him recognition from the ACLU Foundation of Southern California. He held degrees from Brown University and Columbia University Law School. We extend our deepest sympathies to Mike's wife, Marilyn, his four children Seth, Cory, Beth and Debra and ten grandchildren, and to his entire family. 1/3 

SMYLIE--The Reverend Robert F.,87 and a resident of Seabrook Village in Tinton Falls, NJ, passed away on Saturday, December 19, 2015. He was born in Memphis, Tennessee; grew up in St. Louis, Missouri; and spent most of his adult life living in Englewood, NJ and working in New York City. A graduate of Washington University, Robert was an ordained Presbyterian minister with a Masters in Divinity and Theology from Princeton Theological Seminary and a Masters in Philosophy from Columbia. A lifelong student of international affairs, world traveler, and advocate for peace and human rights, he had spent 27 years with the Presbyterian Church USA's Peacemaking Program in several capacities before retiring as the Director of its United Nations Office in 2002. He had also served as a US Navy chaplain, taught at the University of Florida as an Assistant Professor in Social Sciences, and had been a Visiting Fellow at New College, University of Edinburgh in Scotland. Robert was a widower; his wife, Yuri Yamamoto, was a concert pianist and teacher. He is survived by his sons, Mark and John. A memorial service is scheduled for 11am, Saturday, January 16, at First Presbyterian Church in Englewood, NJ. In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to the Memorial Scholarship established by the family of his grandniece, Rachel G. Smylie, at the charity Geography of Hope. 1/3 SMYLIE--The Reverend Robert F.,87 and a resident of Seabrook Village in Tinton Falls, NJ, passed away on Saturday, December 19, 2015. He was born in Memphis, Tennessee; grew up in St. Louis, Missouri; and spent most of his adult life living in Englewood, NJ and working in New York City. A graduate of Washington University, Robert was an ordained Presbyterian minister with a Masters in Divinity and Theology from Princeton Theological Seminary and a Masters in Philosophy from Columbia. A lifelong student of international affairs, world traveler, and advocate for peace and human rights, he had spent 27 years with the Presbyterian Church USA's Peacemaking Program in several capacities before retiring as the Director of its United Nations Office in 2002. He had also served as a US Navy chaplain, taught at the University of Florida as an Assistant Professor in Social Sciences, and had been a Visiting Fellow at New College, University of Edinburgh in Scotland. Robert was a widower; his wife, Yuri Yamamoto, was a concert pianist and teacher. He is survived by his sons, Mark and John. A memorial service is scheduled for 11am, Saturday, January 16, at First Presbyterian Church in Englewood, NJ. In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to the Memorial Scholarship established by the family of his grandniece, Rachel G. Smylie, at the charity Geography of Hope. 1/3 

BARNET--Sylvan, born in Brooklyn, New York, on December 11, 1926, died at home in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on January 9, 2016. He served in the U.S. Army during World War II, then graduated from New York University (1948), Phi Beta Kappa, and entered the graduate program at Harvard (Ph.D. in English Language and Literature, 1954), where he wrote a prize-winning essay on Shakespeare. He spent his entire teaching career at Tufts University (1954-84), serving twice as chair of the Department of English. He published a number of essays in scholarly journals, a popular introduction to Shakespeare, and he served as General Editor of The Signet Classic Shakespeare, a paperback series (one play per volume) that is widely used in colleges and universities. He was also the author or co-author of several widely used textbooks-on argument (with Hugo Bedau, late of the Tufts Department of Philosophy), art, composition, drama, and literature, including "A Short Guide to Writing about Art" (now in its 11th edition), and "Introduction to Literature" (16th edition). In 1963, he and William Burto (his partner since 1952, deceased 2013) developed an interest in Japanese art, especially calligraphy, and they went on to build a collection that was exhibited in the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Freer Gallery, the Harvard Art Museum, and the Museum of Fine Art, Houston. The Metropolitan exhibition was accompanied by a catalog by Miyeko Murase, "The Written Image" (2002), to which Barnet and Burto contributed two essays, one on collecting, the other on looking at calligraphy from a Western point of view. (After Burto's death their collection was divided among the first four of these museums.) He and Burto also wrote "Zen Ink Paintings" (1982) as well as several essays on Japanese art. As a teacher of English literature, he was familiar with a good deal of writing about death. Among the favorite passages he carried in his head-he could not understand why some educators disparage "rote memory"-were Shakespeare's "Golden lads and girls all must/As chimney sweepers come to dust." and this epitaph by Sir Henry Wotton (1568-1639), "Upon the Death of Sir Albert Morton's Wife": "He first deceased; she for a little tried/To live without him, liked it not, and died." (Barnet said, shortly after the death of his partner, that Wotton's lines came to his mind every day, and that he regretted, every day, his inability to re-enact them.) He leaves his sister-in-law Saretta Barnet, a niece and three nephews and their spouses, nine grandnephews and nieces, a great-grandnephew and niece, and his longtime friend, Morton Berman. Most of his estate was bequeathed to a scholarship fund at Tufts, in honor of his parents, Philip and Esther Barnet. By his wish there will be no services. 1/3 BARNET--Sylvan, born in Brooklyn, New York, on December 11, 1926, died at home in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on January 9, 2016. He served in the U.S. Army during World War II, then graduated from New York University (1948), Phi Beta Kappa, and entered the graduate program at Harvard (Ph.D. in English Language and Literature, 1954), where he wrote a prize-winning essay on Shakespeare. He spent his entire teaching career at Tufts University (1954-84), serving twice as chair of the Department of English. He published a number of essays in scholarly journals, a popular introduction to Shakespeare, and he served as General Editor of The Signet Classic Shakespeare, a paperback series (one play per volume) that is widely used in colleges and universities. He was also the author or co-author of several widely used textbooks-on argument (with Hugo Bedau, late of the Tufts Department of Philosophy), art, composition, drama, and literature, including "A Short Guide to Writing about Art" (now in its 11th edition), and "Introduction to Literature" (16th edition). In 1963, he and William Burto (his partner since 1952, deceased 2013) developed an interest in Japanese art, especially calligraphy, and they went on to build a collection that was exhibited in the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Freer Gallery, the Harvard Art Museum, and the Museum of Fine Art, Houston. The Metropolitan exhibition was accompanied by a catalog by Miyeko Murase, "The Written Image" (2002), to which Barnet and Burto contributed two essays, one on collecting, the other on looking at calligraphy from a Western point of view. (After Burto's death their collection was divided among the first four of these museums.) He and Burto also wrote "Zen Ink Paintings" (1982) as well as several essays on Japanese art. As a teacher of English literature, he was familiar with a good deal of writing about death. Among the favorite passages he carried in his head-he could not understand why some educators disparage "rote memory"-were Shakespeare's "Golden lads and girls all must/As chimney sweepers come to dust." and this epitaph by Sir Henry Wotton (1568-1639), "Upon the Death of Sir Albert Morton's Wife": "He first deceased; she for a little tried/To live without him, liked it not, and died." (Barnet said, shortly after the death of his partner, that Wotton's lines came to his mind every day, and that he regretted, every day, his inability to re-enact them.) He leaves his sister-in-law Saretta Barnet, a niece and three nephews and their spouses, nine grandnephews and nieces, a great-grandnephew and niece, and his longtime friend, Morton Berman. Most of his estate was bequeathed to a scholarship fund at Tufts, in honor of his parents, Philip and Esther Barnet. By his wish there will be no services. 1/3 

DOPPELT--Ellie. The members of Brae Burn Country Club mourn the passing of our esteemed member Ellie Doppelt. Our sympathy is extended to her entire family. Paul Friedman, President Douglas Simon, Secretary 1/3 DOPPELT--Ellie. The members of Brae Burn Country Club mourn the passing of our esteemed member Ellie Doppelt. Our sympathy is extended to her entire family. Paul Friedman, President Douglas Simon, Secretary 1/3 

SCAGLIONE--Carolyn, M.D.,of Englewood, NJ died on January 10, 2016, age 88. Known professionally as Carolyn R. Denning, M.D., she was an internationally recognized pediatrician and one of the leading experts in the field of Cystic Fibrosis research and care. Carolyn Rebecca Denning was born on May 30, 1927 in Detroit, MI. She was raised in Franklin, KY and graduated from University of Kentucky in 1947. She graduated from Tulane University School of Medicine with an M.D. degree in 1952. After her internship and residency, she completed a pulmonary fellowship in 1957 at Babies Hospital, at Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center where she worked with Dr. Dorothy Andersen and the group that originally described CF. She spent the remainder of her career in the Metropolitan New York City area. From 1963-1977, she served as Director of Cystic Fibrosis and Pediatric Pulmonary Disease Centers of Babies Hospital, at Columbia Presbyterian. In 1977, she founded the Cystic Fibrosis, Pediatric Pulmonary and GI Center at St. Vincent's Hospital, and served as its Director until retiring in 1995. For over 40 years she cared for hundreds of patients with CF and formed lasting bonds with their families. She trained many of the CF caregivers who are practicing throughout the world today, upholding her standards of care and compassion. She is survived by her husband of 59 years, Peter R. Scaglione, M.D., four sons and seven grandchildren. The family will receive friends at Barrett Funeral Home, 148 Dean Drive, Tenafly, NJ, on Friday, January 15 from 6-9pm and Saturday, January 16 from 12-4pm (3pm Remembrance). In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Research Fund for Cystic Fibrosis, 455 Oradell Ave., Oradell, NJ 07649. A memorial service will be held at later date. 1/3 SCAGLIONE--Carolyn, M.D.,of Englewood, NJ died on January 10, 2016, age 88. Known professionally as Carolyn R. Denning, M.D., she was an internationally recognized pediatrician and one of the leading experts in the field of Cystic Fibrosis research and care. Carolyn Rebecca Denning was born on May 30, 1927 in Detroit, MI. She was raised in Franklin, KY and graduated from University of Kentucky in 1947. She graduated from Tulane University School of Medicine with an M.D. degree in 1952. After her internship and residency, she completed a pulmonary fellowship in 1957 at Babies Hospital, at Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center where she worked with Dr. Dorothy Andersen and the group that originally described CF. She spent the remainder of her career in the Metropolitan New York City area. From 1963-1977, she served as Director of Cystic Fibrosis and Pediatric Pulmonary Disease Centers of Babies Hospital, at Columbia Presbyterian. In 1977, she founded the Cystic Fibrosis, Pediatric Pulmonary and GI Center at St. Vincent's Hospital, and served as its Director until retiring in 1995. For over 40 years she cared for hundreds of patients with CF and formed lasting bonds with their families. She trained many of the CF caregivers who are practicing throughout the world today, upholding her standards of care and compassion. She is survived by her husband of 59 years, Peter R. Scaglione, M.D., four sons and seven grandchildren. The family will receive friends at Barrett Funeral Home, 148 Dean Drive, Tenafly, NJ, on Friday, January 15 from 6-9pm and Saturday, January 16 from 12-4pm (3pm Remembrance). In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Research Fund for Cystic Fibrosis, 455 Oradell Ave., Oradell, NJ 07649. A memorial service will be held at later date. 1/3 

GREASON--Mary Twomey, of Manhattan and Quogue, NY passed away peacefully on January 9th, surrounded by her loving family, after a brief and sudden illness. Mary was born January 15, 1932 in the Bronx to Timothy and Anna (nee King) Twomey. Mary was a wonderful and loving wife, mother, grandmother, and friend to all who met her. She is survived by Edward W. Greason, her husband of nearly 61 years, her sons Edward and his wife Marisa, William and his wife Margaret, and Michael, her granddaughter Elizabeth, and brother-in-law Robert, as well as many nieces, nephews and cousins. Among her many accomplishments, she was most proud of graduating from Marymount Manhattan College, where she later served as a Trustee for 19 years and received the College's President's Medal of Honor. Visiting at Frank E. Campbell "The Funeral Chapel" Madison Ave and 81st Street, on Tuesday, January 12, from 3-5pm and 7-9pm. Funeral mass will be held at 11am on January 13 at Our Lady of Peace Church, 237 East 62nd Street, New York City. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Mary T. Greason Scholarship Fund at Marymount Manhattan College or to Memorial Sloan Kettering Hospital. 1/3 GREASON--Mary Twomey, of Manhattan and Quogue, NY passed away peacefully on January 9th, surrounded by her loving family, after a brief and sudden illness. Mary was born January 15, 1932 in the Bronx to Timothy and Anna (nee King) Twomey. Mary was a wonderful and loving wife, mother, grandmother, and friend to all who met her. She is survived by Edward W. Greason, her husband of nearly 61 years, her sons Edward and his wife Marisa, William and his wife Margaret, and Michael, her granddaughter Elizabeth, and brother-in-law Robert, as well as many nieces, nephews and cousins. Among her many accomplishments, she was most proud of graduating from Marymount Manhattan College, where she later served as a Trustee for 19 years and received the College's President's Medal of Honor. Visiting at Frank E. Campbell "The Funeral Chapel" Madison Ave and 81st Street, on Tuesday, January 12, from 3-5pm and 7-9pm. Funeral mass will be held at 11am on January 13 at Our Lady of Peace Church, 237 East 62nd Street, New York City. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Mary T. Greason Scholarship Fund at Marymount Manhattan College or to Memorial Sloan Kettering Hospital. 1/3 

STANLEY--Ted. The Treatment Advocacy Center deeply mourns the passing of Ted Stanley, whose extraordinary generosity toward the fight against serious mental illness was unique in the world. Our deepest sympathies go to his son Jonathan, our co-founder and board member. Stephen Segal, Chairman, Board of Directors; John Snook, Executive Director 1/3 STANLEY--Ted. The Treatment Advocacy Center deeply mourns the passing of Ted Stanley, whose extraordinary generosity toward the fight against serious mental illness was unique in the world. Our deepest sympathies go to his son Jonathan, our co-founder and board member. Stephen Segal, Chairman, Board of Directors; John Snook, Executive Director 1/3 

NEWMAN--Frances Rudolph. Beloved wife of the late George Newman passed away on January 10, 2016. She is survived by her sons Laurence and his wife Luisa Hunnewell and Jerrold and his late wife Nadine Fribourg; sister Joyce Weiskopf; grandchildren Mark, Rosemary, Daniel, Jason and Scott. She was born in 1916 in Montreal, Canada. She received teaching certificates from Macdonald College of McGill University and Sir George Williams; she graduated from Queens University (Canada) and Columbia University Teachers College. She was a teacher and guidance counselor in Montreal and New York City Public Schools for over 40 years. Contributions may be made in her memory to Chautauqua Institution, PO Box 28, Chautauqua, NY 14722. Memorial Service: Plaza Jewish Chapel, 630 Amsterdam Ave and 91 St, 12pm, on Wednesday, January 13. 1/3 NEWMAN--Frances Rudolph. Beloved wife of the late George Newman passed away on January 10, 2016. She is survived by her sons Laurence and his wife Luisa Hunnewell and Jerrold and his late wife Nadine Fribourg; sister Joyce Weiskopf; grandchildren Mark, Rosemary, Daniel, Jason and Scott. She was born in 1916 in Montreal, Canada. She received teaching certificates from Macdonald College of McGill University and Sir George Williams; she graduated from Queens University (Canada) and Columbia University Teachers College. She was a teacher and guidance counselor in Montreal and New York City Public Schools for over 40 years. Contributions may be made in her memory to Chautauqua Institution, PO Box 28, Chautauqua, NY 14722. Memorial Service: Plaza Jewish Chapel, 630 Amsterdam Ave and 91 St, 12pm, on Wednesday, January 13. 1/3 

FEINMAN--Sadie. January 14, 1921-January 10, 2016. Beloved wife, mother, grandmother and great- grandmother. Forever loved. The Ash/Feinman Family 1/3 FEINMAN--Sadie. January 14, 1921-January 10, 2016. Beloved wife, mother, grandmother and great- grandmother. Forever loved. The Ash/Feinman Family 1/3 

The Mexican government said Tuesday evening that it would not be investigating the actors Sean Penn or Kate del Castillo. The Mexican government said Tuesday evening that it would not be investigating the actors Sean Penn or Kate del Castillo. Mexican government announces that it will not investigate actors Sean Penn and Kate del Castillo, who met with drug lord Joaquin Guzman Loera.

Almost all of the top 10 women in tennis are injured or have become sick as the Australian Open approaches. Kerber, withdrew from the Sydney International with a stomach illness. Almost all of the top 10 women in tennis are injured or have become sick as the Australian Open approaches. Kerber, withdrew from the Sydney International with a stomach illness. Nearly all of top 10 women in tennis are injured or sick heading into Australian Open.

The team acquired the infielder Ronald Torreyes and the left-handed pitcher Tyler Olson from the Los Angeles Dodgers. The team acquired the infielder Ronald Torreyes and the left-handed pitcher Tyler Olson from the Los Angeles Dodgers. New York Yankees trade minor league player Rob Segedin and player to be named or cash to Los Angeles Dodgers for infielder Ronald Torreyes and left-handed pitcher Tyler Olson.

Veronika Velez Zuzulova of Slovakia held on to a commanding first-run lead to win the World Cup event. Veronika Velez Zuzulova of Slovakia held on to a commanding first-run lead to win the World Cup event. Slovakia's Veronika Velez-Zuzulova wins World Cup slalom in Flachau, Austria.

Brayan Jiménez, the fugitive former national soccer federation president, was arrested in connection with a corruption probe into FIFA. Brayan Jiménez, the fugitive former national soccer federation president, was arrested in connection with a corruption probe into FIFA. Guatemalan police arrest fugitive former national soccer federation president Brayan Jimenez in connection with FIFA corruption investigation; other soccer news and scores noted. 

Carmelo Anthony returned only briefly after injuring his right ankle in the second quarter, but the Knicks hung on for their fifth victory in six games. Carmelo Anthony returned only briefly after injuring his right ankle in the second quarter, but the Knicks hung on for their fifth victory in six games. New York Knicks beat Boston Celtics, 120-114.

The speech attempted to lift Americans above the miasma of a brutal presidential campaign to reflect on the nation’s achievements and resilience. The speech attempted to lift Americans above the miasma of a brutal presidential campaign to reflect on the nation’s achievements and resilience. Editorial praises inspiring words of Pres Obama's final State of Union speech, extolling his hopeful emphasis on Americans' positive traits; cites president's significant accomplishments, including healthcare, economy, environment and foreign policy, despite constant, vigorous Republican opposition.

Mr. Davidson created psychedelic images of crystallized substances like DNA and hormones. Many of those images ended up on ties, millions of which were sold. Mr. Davidson created psychedelic images of crystallized substances like DNA and hormones. Many of those images ended up on ties, millions of which were sold. Michael W Davidson, innovative scientist who utilized sophisticated microscopes to create dazzling images that assisted Nobel Prize-honored research and were later used to create men's neckwear, dies at age 65.

Jaysean Paige scored 26 points for West Virginia, which at 15-1 is off to its best start in more than 30 years. Jaysean Paige scored 26 points for West Virginia, which at 15-1 is off to its best start in more than 30 years. College Basketball Roundup; West Virginia beats Kansas, 74-63; other college basketball news and scores noted.

The police broke up a demonstration in Brazil&#8217;s financial capital against an increase in bus and transit fares amid a prolonged recession. The police broke up a demonstration in Brazil&#8217;s financial capital against an increase in bus and transit fares amid a prolonged recession. Protests in Sao Paulo, Brazil, over bus and transit fares continue amid prolonged recession.

LeBron James scored 27 points and Kyrie Irving added 22 as Cleveland won in overtime in Dallas. LeBron James scored 27 points and Kyrie Irving added 22 as Cleveland won in overtime in Dallas. NBA Roundup; Cleveland Cavaliers beat Dallas Mavericks, 110-107; other pro basketball scores noted.

Brock Nelson scored three times to take over the Islanders&#8217; team lead in goals. Brock Nelson scored three times to take over the Islanders&#8217; team lead in goals. NHL Roundup; New York Islanders beat Columbus Blue Jackets, 5-2; other pro hockey scores noted.

The footage North Korea has broadcast of what looked like a successful submarine-launched ballistic missile was most likely faked to exaggerate the country’s advances in missile development The footage North Korea has broadcast of what looked like a successful submarine-launched ballistic missile was most likely faked to exaggerate the country’s advances in missile development Analysts say North Korea likely faked missile test video to exaggerate country’s advances in missile development.

Arizona will be without the defensive starters Alex Okafor, who Coach Bruce Arians said was hurt over the weekend, and Cory Redding for the playoffs. Arizona will be without the defensive starters Alex Okafor, who Coach Bruce Arians said was hurt over the weekend, and Cory Redding for the playoffs. NFL Roundup; Arizona enters playoffs without defensive tackle Cory Redding, who injured his ankle in last game of regular season, and outside linebacker Alex Okafor, who landed on nonfootball injury list with hurt toe; other pro football news noted.

Marlin Hernandez’s drive to excel was spurred by the poverty and drug abuse she saw in the Dominican Republic, her home country. Marlin Hernandez’s drive to excel was spurred by the poverty and drug abuse she saw in the Dominican Republic, her home country. Catholic Charities Archdiocese of New York, one of seven agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, helps Marlin Hernandez buy toddler bed for one of her children.

Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo&#8217;s weeklong rollout of an ambitious agenda robs his annual State of the State address of drama but allows him to focus on big themes. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo&#8217;s weeklong rollout of an ambitious agenda robs his annual State of the State address of drama but allows him to focus on big themes. New York Gov Andrew M Cuomo's decision to unveil series of proposals in lead up to State of State address offers him opportunity to focus speech on big themes rather than policy proposals.

As he begins his final stretch, President Obama has been trying to counter the glass-is-half-empty view coming from so many candidates intent on succeeding him. As he begins his final stretch, President Obama has been trying to counter the glass-is-half-empty view coming from so many candidates intent on succeeding him. News Analysis; largely positive view of United States presented by Pres Barack Obama during his final State of the Union address contrasts profoundly with dim view espoused by Republicans; vision that seems more credible to American public will greatly influence 2016 election.

The text of the president’s State of the Union address, as prepared for delivery Tuesday night. The text of the president’s State of the Union address, as prepared for delivery Tuesday night. 

The United Methodist Church has placed five Israeli banks on a list of companies that it will not invest in for human rights reasons. The United Methodist Church has placed five Israeli banks on a list of companies that it will not invest in for human rights reasons. United Methodist Church removes five Israeli banks from its investment portfolio over human rights issues.

While life in the compound taken over by armed protesters at Malheur National Wildlife Refuge exhibits a mix of the mundane and the insurrectionary, many nearby residents want them to leave. While life in the compound taken over by armed protesters at Malheur National Wildlife Refuge exhibits a mix of the mundane and the insurrectionary, many nearby residents want them to leave. Armed citizens enter second week of occupying Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon, protesting government control of federally owned land; many anxious residents in surrounding Harney County say they want protesters to leave.

For six years, officials have tried to open a court in the Brownsville area to curb incarceration, based on a model in Red Hook. But a City Council member has effectively vetoed it. For six years, officials have tried to open a court in the Brownsville area to curb incarceration, based on a model in Red Hook. But a City Council member has effectively vetoed it. Jim Dwyer About New York column calls attention to obstruction by New York City Councilwoman Darlene Mealy to idea of establishing community court in Brownsville neighborhood of Brooklyn, idea that is almost uniformly supported by lawmakers in city; notes that similar court in Red Hook neighborhood has led to reduction in recidivism among young people and reduced incarceration.

With their move approved by the team owners, the Rams will give the Los Angeles area its first N.F.L. team since the Rams and the Raiders left in 1995. The Chargers have the option to join them as soon as next season. With their move approved by the team owners, the Rams will give the Los Angeles area its first N.F.L. team since the Rams and the Raiders left in 1995. The Chargers have the option to join them as soon as next season. St Louis Rams will return to Los Angeles after over two decades away, giving area its first NFL team since 1995; team plans to build $3 billion stadium in Inglewood, Calif; San Diego Chargers will have option to relocate to Los Angeles as well, in what would be unprecedented move of two NFL teams to same city in same year.

Meant as a tribute to the resiliency of Highlands, N.J., after Hurricane Sandy, a concrete structure donated by a nonprofit construction trade group has instead become a point of contention. Meant as a tribute to the resiliency of Highlands, N.J., after Hurricane Sandy, a concrete structure donated by a nonprofit construction trade group has instead become a point of contention. Large concrete pavilion erected on Highlands, NJ, beach as tribute to resiliency of residents in wake of Hurricane Sandy is subject of local ridicule; structure, gift to town from Tilt-Up Concrete Assn of Mount Vernon, Iowa, has been deemed eyesore by many and failure of builders to obtain state permit has opened door to having it removed.

The program is aimed at people fleeing El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras and would involve setting up processing centers in several other Latin American countries. The program is aimed at people fleeing El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras and would involve setting up processing centers in several other Latin American countries. Obama administration officials say United Nations refugee agency will work with United States to offer temporary safety to migrants fleeing violence in Central America by attempting to cross into US illegally over southern border; processing centers in several Latin American nations would  assess migrants for refugee status and offer range of resettlement options. 

The insurer is weighing several options, including an I.P.O., to create a company better able to compete with smaller life insurance and annuity providers. The insurer is weighing several options, including an I.P.O., to create a company better able to compete with smaller life insurance and annuity providers. MetLife announces it may spin off its retail life and annuity business in United States due to regulations put in place after insurer was deemed systemically important nonbank financial institution by Financial Stability Oversight Council.

For Blackhawks left wing Artemi Panarin, a Russian, the language of hockey takes over at the rink, and he has responded by becoming one of the top first-year players in the N.H.L. For Blackhawks left wing Artemi Panarin, a Russian, the language of hockey takes over at the rink, and he has responded by becoming one of the top first-year players in the N.H.L. Artemi Panarin, rookie Russian left wing for Chicago Blackhawks, has difficulty communicating with English-language media, but it has not affected his play as he emerges as top candidate for annual Calder Memorial Trophy; has also been learning from his teammate, league's top scorer Patrick Kane, with whom he has bonded with on and off ice.

Sook Yeong Park was charged with labor trafficking, third-degree assault and endangering the welfare of a child for her treatment of two teenagers from South Korea. Sook Yeong Park was charged with labor trafficking, third-degree assault and endangering the welfare of a child for her treatment of two teenagers from South Korea. Queens prosecutors charge Sook Yeong Park with labor trafficking, third-degree assault and endangering welfare of children, after school noticed bruising on girl and boy that lived with her.

A lawsuit against the Ferguson-Florissant School District board argues that at-large voting discriminates against minorities. A lawsuit against the Ferguson-Florissant School District board argues that at-large voting discriminates against minorities. American Civil Liberties Union lawsuit claims use of at-large voting by Missouri's Ferguson-Florissant School District discriminates against minority voters; proposes instead creation of subdistricts, which would have school board candidates running for seats in areas where they also reside; under current system, three of four students in district are black, but there have never been more than two black members on seven-person school board at same time.

The Supreme Court will consider whether Congress acted constitutionally in passing a 2012 law that helps families of victims of terrorist attacks collect judgments against Iran. The Supreme Court will consider whether Congress acted constitutionally in passing a 2012 law that helps families of victims of terrorist attacks collect judgments against Iran. Supreme Court is set to consider whether Congress acted unconstitutionally by passing law in 2012 that aided families of victims of terrorist attacks collect judgments against Iran; case is being heard just months after nuclear agreement was signed by United States and Iran, and ruling could affect relations between two countries.

As the Volunteers&#8217; new defensive coordinator, Bob Shoop, who held the same position with the Nittany Lions, said his goal was to build a &#8220;championship-caliber&#8221; unit. As the Volunteers&#8217; new defensive coordinator, Bob Shoop, who held the same position with the Nittany Lions, said his goal was to build a &#8220;championship-caliber&#8221; unit. 

The Supreme Court finally strikes down an unconstitutional law requiring a judge, not a jury, to sentence someone to death. The Supreme Court finally strikes down an unconstitutional law requiring a judge, not a jury, to sentence someone to death. Editorial praises Supreme Court ruling rejecting Florida law requiring trial judge, rather than jury, to hand down death sentence; asserts law's bypassing of jury's crucial participation in sentencing is unconstitutional; rebukes continued efforts by governors and state legislatures to skirt Sixth Amendment's guarantee of jury trial in service of more executions.

Mr. Margulies, a versatile character actor, performed in scores of supporting stage, film and television roles. Mr. Margulies, a versatile character actor, performed in scores of supporting stage, film and television roles. David Margulies, character actor best known for playing New York City mayor in 1984 movie Ghostbusters, dies at age 78.

Chief Charlie Beck of the Los Angeles police recommended that an officer face charges for fatally shooting an unarmed homeless man in Venice. Chief Charlie Beck of the Los Angeles police recommended that an officer face charges for fatally shooting an unarmed homeless man in Venice. Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck has provided city's Police Commission with formal recommendation that Officer Clifford Proctor face charges for fatal shooting of unarmed Venice homeless man Brendon Glenn in May 2015.

Four Israelis were indicted Tuesday over the beating of an Eritrean migrant they mistook for an attacker during a shooting last fall. Four Israelis were indicted Tuesday over the beating of an Eritrean migrant they mistook for an attacker during a shooting last fall. Four Israelis are indicted on charges of attacking Eritrea migrant Habtom Zerhom, who they mistook for Arab assailant who fatally shot soldier in October 2015.

Facing an impeachment effort, Gov. Paul LePage said that he would skip the traditional State of the State speech to a joint session of the Legislature. Facing an impeachment effort, Gov. Paul LePage said that he would skip the traditional State of the State speech to a joint session of the Legislature. 

The rail operator Southeastern said low winter sun was hitting monitors at an angle that created a glare, impairing the drivers’ ability to see and causing train delays. The rail operator Southeastern said low winter sun was hitting monitors at an angle that created a glare, impairing the drivers’ ability to see and causing train delays. 

A convicted killer who is the subject of “Making a Murderer” filed a wide-ranging appeal claiming that the authorities used an improper warrant, among other things. A convicted killer who is the subject of “Making a Murderer” filed a wide-ranging appeal claiming that the authorities used an improper warrant, among other things. 

The pilot, David Wood, was working on a fuel-loading operation on the remote ice shelf on Monday when he got out of the helicopter and fell more than 60 feet. The pilot, David Wood, was working on a fuel-loading operation on the remote ice shelf on Monday when he got out of the helicopter and fell more than 60 feet. Canadian helicopter pilot David Wood dies after landing on remote ice shelf in Antarctica.

An armed man who believed he was confronting an intruder in the basement of his home instead fatally shot his 14-year-old son, the police said. An armed man who believed he was confronting an intruder in the basement of his home instead fatally shot his 14-year-old son, the police said. 

The trial of Officer Caesar R. Goodson Jr. has another scheduling obstacle, an appeals court set March 4 for oral arguments for another officer who is trying to avoid testifying. The trial of Officer Caesar R. Goodson Jr. has another scheduling obstacle, an appeals court set March 4 for oral arguments for another officer who is trying to avoid testifying. Scheduling of trial of Baltimore Police Officer Caesar R Goodson Jr, who has been charged with murder in death of Freddie Gray, runs into another obstacle due to appeals court ruling that trial cannot go forward until it hears appeal of Officer William G Porter, who also faces charges related to Gray's death.

A producer said a 14-day window between episodes of a podcast about Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl was needed to accommodate “narrative developments.” A producer said a 14-day window between episodes of a podcast about Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl was needed to accommodate “narrative developments.” Producers of hit podcast Serial announce second season, which focuses on case of Sgt Bowe Bergdahl, will move from weekly to biweekly schedule, citing need for additional reporting and fact that it will be longer season than anticipated.

Ads from “super PACs” backing Ted Cruz and Jeb Bush also paint Mr. Rubio as being overly close to President Obama and Senator Chuck Schumer. Ads from “super PACs” backing Ted Cruz and Jeb Bush also paint Mr. Rubio as being overly close to President Obama and Senator Chuck Schumer. Super PACs supporting Republican presidential candidates Jeb Bush and Sen Ted Cruz launch attack ads portraying Sen Marco Rubio as flip-flopper on immigration reform; ads suggest Rubio's political positions are close to those of Pres Obama and Sen Chuck Schumer of New York. 

Mr. Shuster, 71, is the founder of VRE Development. Its condominium developments in Manhattan include the Charles and the Lumiere. Mr. Shuster, 71, is the founder of VRE Development. Its condominium developments in Manhattan include the Charles and the Lumiere. Vivian Marino 30-Minute Interview with VRE Development president and founder Moshe Shuster; VRE, which does business as Victor Group, has number of condominium developments in Manhattan.

According to the latest United Nations estimates, 244 million people, or 3.3 percent of the world&#8217;s population, live in a country other than the one where they were born. According to the latest United Nations estimates, 244 million people, or 3.3 percent of the world&#8217;s population, live in a country other than the one where they were born. United Nations estimates that 3.3 percent of world's population no longer live in their native country; United States was by far most popular destination for migrants in 2015.

With 32 wealthy owners and billions of dollars at stake in an effort to put a team or teams back in Los Angeles, nothing is clear or simple. With 32 wealthy owners and billions of dollars at stake in an effort to put a team or teams back in Los Angeles, nothing is clear or simple. 

At the Detroit auto show, Ford executives said they were undaunted by the economic troubles in China and were pressing ahead with their global plans for the car. At the Detroit auto show, Ford executives said they were undaunted by the economic troubles in China and were pressing ahead with their global plans for the car. Lower demand for automobiles in China, combined with upheaval in country's stock market, complicates Ford Motor's plan to reintroduce Lincoln Continental luxury sedan there.

The hedge fund Lion Point Capital has proposed two candidates for the board of Ally Financial and urged the company to explore strategic alternatives. The hedge fund Lion Point Capital has proposed two candidates for the board of Ally Financial and urged the company to explore strategic alternatives. Hedge fund Lion Point Capital is calling for changes at Ally Financial, joining small group of activist investors who are trying to change practices at national, deposit-taking bank; efforts suggests activism will soon spread to other large institutions with lagging share prices, but also emphasizes obstacles activists face.

The plea from the United Nations humanitarian coordinator for Syria cited sick and malnourished residents in Madaya, some resembling “skeletons that are now barely moving.” The plea from the United Nations humanitarian coordinator for Syria cited sick and malnourished residents in Madaya, some resembling “skeletons that are now barely moving.” United Nations humanitarian coordinator for Syria Yacoub El Hillo asks all factions in Syrian war to lift their sieges and allow aid agencies to deliver food and medical care to desperate civilians.

Recent commercial real estate transactions in New York City. Recent commercial real estate transactions in New York City. 

John Bel Edwards acted to fulfill a campaign pledge tied to the Affordable Care Act and aimed at aiding hundreds of thousands of state residents. John Bel Edwards acted to fulfill a campaign pledge tied to the Affordable Care Act and aimed at aiding hundreds of thousands of state residents. Louisiana Gov John Bel Edwards signs executive order expanding Medicaid coverage under Affordable Care Act, saying it will help 300,000 more people in one of nation's poorest states.

Some of the positive statistics President Obama could cite: fewer gun homicide deaths, more babies, lower unemployment and cheaper fuel. Some of the positive statistics President Obama could cite: fewer gun homicide deaths, more babies, lower unemployment and cheaper fuel. 

A New York Times/CBS News poll finds a sharp generational divide within the Democratic Party, with voters under 45 favoring Mr. Sanders. A New York Times/CBS News poll finds a sharp generational divide within the Democratic Party, with voters under 45 favoring Mr. Sanders. New York Times/CBS News Poll finds Hillary Rodham Clinton's big lead nationally in Democratic primary has mostly faded; 48 percent of primary voters support her, with 41 percent supporting Sen Bernie Sanders; she led Sanders by 20 percent month earlier; Donald J Trump continues to sustain big lead among Republican primary voters.

The latest New York Times/CBS News Poll is based on telephone interviews conducted Jan. 7 through 10 with 1,276 adults throughout the United States. Of those, 1,094 said they were registered to vote. The latest New York Times/CBS News Poll is based on telephone interviews conducted Jan. 7 through 10 with 1,276 adults throughout the United States. Of those, 1,094 said they were registered to vote. 

A city with a large population and a sizable base of experienced showgoers helps gauge what theatergoers might make of a new production. A city with a large population and a sizable base of experienced showgoers helps gauge what theatergoers might make of a new production. Director Jerry Mitchell refines his latest Broadway-bound musical Gotta Dance in Chicago, third time Tony Award-winning director has fine-tuned a play there in past four years; Midwestern city emerges as great place to perfect shows, luring producers with thriving theater industry, audiences and venues that are similar to New York and state tax incentives.

The arrest of Ms. Badawi, who has pushed for more rights for women, is the kingdom’s latest effort to clamp down on dissent, advocacy groups said. The arrest of Ms. Badawi, who has pushed for more rights for women, is the kingdom’s latest effort to clamp down on dissent, advocacy groups said. Human rights activist Samar Badawi is arrested in Saudi Arabia for dissent; Badawi is former wife of Waleed Abu al-Khair, Saudi lawyer serving 15-year sentence for his activism.

Scientists hope that a rule making it illegal to import salamanders or move them across state lines, will help stop a deadly fungus. Scientists hope that a rule making it illegal to import salamanders or move them across state lines, will help stop a deadly fungus. Fish and Wildlife Service is making it illegal to import 201 species of salamanders, or move them across state lines, in effort to prevent spread of deadly fungus infecting native fire salamanders; fungus Batrachochytrium salamandrivorans, known as Bsal, has spread in Europe but does not yet appear to have struck the 59 species of salamanders that have already been imported into United States. 

The reconstruction of houses destroyed in earthquakes will not begin until April, a year after the first tremors hit, a Nepali official has said. The reconstruction of houses destroyed in earthquakes will not begin until April, a year after the first tremors hit, a Nepali official has said. Reconstruction of houses devastated in 2015 Nepal earthquakes will begin in April, one year after first tremors hit; United Nations Children's Fund estimates that 2.8 million people were affected, and that tens of thousands are living in temporary shelters.

This show on TV Land is about six inappropriate elementary schoolteachers played by the comedy ensemble the Katydids. This show on TV Land is about six inappropriate elementary schoolteachers played by the comedy ensemble the Katydids. Neil Genzlinger reviews TV Land comedy series Teachers, starring Katydids comedy ensemble. 

The venerable opera company, which filed for bankruptcy protection in 2013, will be taken over by the NYCO Renaissance, which hopes to use the City Opera name by next week. The venerable opera company, which filed for bankruptcy protection in 2013, will be taken over by the NYCO Renaissance, which hopes to use the City Opera name by next week. Manhattan bankruptcy court Judge Sean H Lane approves NYCO Renaissance’s proposal to revive New York City Opera, which filed for bankruptcy in 2013; approval, made after objections to plan by state attorney general were satisfied, clears way for new organization to proceed with production of Puccini’s opera Tosca.

Lawyers say the former Montgomery County district attorney, Bruce Castor, made a binding promise not to prosecute Mr. Cosby in the Andrea Constand case. Lawyers say the former Montgomery County district attorney, Bruce Castor, made a binding promise not to prosecute Mr. Cosby in the Andrea Constand case. Lawyers for Bill Cosby will call Bruce Castor, former Montgomery County district attorney, to testify as part of their strategy to defend actor in Pennsylvania case; prosecutors there have charged Cosby with sexual abuse for 2004 attack on Andrea Constand, but his lawyers maintain 2005 deal Castor made with Cosby to agree not  to prosecute him, is still binding.

The report, to be released Thursday as the second installment from a commission investigating doping allegations, is expected to focus on officials accused of blackmailing athletes. The report, to be released Thursday as the second installment from a commission investigating doping allegations, is expected to focus on officials accused of blackmailing athletes. Upcoming report by commission appointed by World Anti-Doping Agency is expected to detail widespread corruption among top international track and field officials; previous installment of report focused on Russia and resulted in its suspension from international competition.

The Pennsylvania State Police said two 13-year-olds had been charged with disorderly conduct after one boy lit the other on fire — with his approval. The Pennsylvania State Police said two 13-year-olds had been charged with disorderly conduct after one boy lit the other on fire — with his approval. 

In “Dark Money: The Hidden History of the Billionaires Behind the Rise of the Radical Right,” Ms. Mayer reports on David and Charles Koch’s empire and political influence. In “Dark Money: The Hidden History of the Billionaires Behind the Rise of the Radical Right,” Ms. Mayer reports on David and Charles Koch’s empire and political influence. David Nasaw reviews book Dark Money: The Hidden History of the Billionaires Behind the Rise of the Radical Right by Jane Mayer. 

Mr. Ek, 70, a major figure in the European dance world, is calling a two-year halt to performances of his works. Mr. Ek, 70, a major figure in the European dance world, is calling a two-year halt to performances of his works. Acclaimed Swedish choreographer Mats Ek counters news reports announcing his stage farewell at backstage interview during performance of his works in Paris; 70-year-old clarifies that he will stop creating new pieces and pull his dances from repertories in order to take a break for indeterminate time period. 

Erin Markey, whose new play is about to open at the Abrons Arts Center, has developed a cult following through performances that mix humor, songs and storytelling. Erin Markey, whose new play is about to open at the Abrons Arts Center, has developed a cult following through performances that mix humor, songs and storytelling. Profile of Erin Markey, unconventional actress starring in musical A Ride on the Irish Cream, work she created as memoir to her Michigan childhood; Markey comments that acting is all in the subtleties, demonstrating skepticism, sensuality and other emotions using her distinctive blue eyes.  

Four years after Libya’s revolution, warring factions in Misurata have taken steps toward peace that could help lift the country out of war. Four years after Libya’s revolution, warring factions in Misurata have taken steps toward peace that could help lift the country out of war. Factions who have clashed for years in Misurata, Libya, have wearied of fighting, with majority of revolutionary brigades signing agreement to protect United Nations-mediated unity government; agreement is seen as step toward unification and rebuilding of country destroyed by violence.

The company’s proposal for repairing vehicles equipped with a device to cheat on emissions tests is “substantially deficient,” state regulators said. The company’s proposal for repairing vehicles equipped with a device to cheat on emissions tests is “substantially deficient,” state regulators said. California Air Resources Board rejects Volkswagen's proposal to fix its diesel engines, on which company used so-called defeat device to cheat diesel emissions tests, underscoring regulator's frustration with automaker's recall plan. 

The life story of a woman is told in this show from the company 600 Highwaymen, but the actors are 9 or 10 years old. The life story of a woman is told in this show from the company 600 Highwaymen, but the actors are 9 or 10 years old. Excerpts of October 17, 2014, review by Charles Isherwood of play Employee of the Year, which is now launching second run at Public Theater as part of Under the Radar festival.

American officials said that the military had lost contact with the boats in the Persian Gulf and that Iran had promised to return the sailors soon. American officials said that the military had lost contact with the boats in the Persian Gulf and that Iran had promised to return the sailors soon. Iranian authorities seize two United States patrol boats near Farsi Island, site of Iranian naval base, alleging that ships were there illegally and were 'snooping'; American authorities claim one of boats experienced mechanical failure while on routine mission; seizure of boats and crews comes at time of tension between nations, just days before nuclear deal is scheduled to take effect.

The piece by the Australian company Ranters Theater is said to be based on a series of conversations with strangers. The piece by the Australian company Ranters Theater is said to be based on a series of conversations with strangers. Alexis Soloski reviews Ranters Theater production of play Intimacy, directed by Adriano Cortese, at New Ohio Theater as part of Coil Festival. 

Suicide is at the heart of “Museum of Memories,” a production of the European company New International Encounter. Suicide is at the heart of “Museum of Memories,” a production of the European company New International Encounter. Laura Collins-Hughes reviews New Victory Theater production of play Museum of Memories, conceived and directed by Kjell Moberg and starring members of New International Encounter theater ensemble, at Duke on 42nd Street.

Where does all that lottery money go? Answers to key questions on a record Powerball drawing. Where does all that lottery money go? Answers to key questions on a record Powerball drawing. Q&A on how money from record-breaking $1.5 billion Powerball lottery is ultimately distributed, in addition to going to winning ticket holders in individual states. 

Sizing up the world premiere of Jillian Peña’s “Panopticon” and works by Keith Hennessy, Jassem Hindi and Ms. Meier, at Abrons Arts Center. Sizing up the world premiere of Jillian Peña’s “Panopticon” and works by Keith Hennessy, Jassem Hindi and Ms. Meier, at Abrons Arts Center. Gia Kourlas reviews premieres of dances Panopticon by Jillian Pena, future friend/ships by Keith Hennessy and Jassem Hindi, and Durch Nacht und Nebel (By Night and Fog) by Yvonne Meier, at Abrons Arts Center as part of American Realness festival. 

A corrupt onetime sheriff is brought back to life by a Frankenstein-style duo after he dies in this new series, raising the question of whether he will make amends. A corrupt onetime sheriff is brought back to life by a Frankenstein-style duo after he dies in this new series, raising the question of whether he will make amends. Neil Genzlinger reviews Fox television series Second Chance, starring Tim DeKay and Rob Kazinsky. 

Irvin, among the most talented players in the Negro leagues, was already 30 when he joined the New York Giants in 1949. “I was way past my peak then,” he later said. Irvin, among the most talented players in the Negro leagues, was already 30 when he joined the New York Giants in 1949. “I was way past my peak then,” he later said. Monte Irvin, star outfielder who spent his prime years in Negro leagues and joined New York Giants after baseball's color barrier was broken down, dies at age 96.

For the past four decades, people have debated the appropriateness of a village seal showing a white man wrestling a Native American man to the ground. For the past four decades, people have debated the appropriateness of a village seal showing a white man wrestling a Native American man to the ground. Residents of Village of Whitesboro in central New York vote overwhelmingly to retain official emblem, which depicts white man throttling Native American man; critics of image say it is racist, whereas proponents say it is celebration of role played by Native Americans in settlement of community.

A House subcommittee heard testimony that a restructuring plan for the electric monopoly still needs approval by the island’s legislature. A House subcommittee heard testimony that a restructuring plan for the electric monopoly still needs approval by the island’s legislature. Lisa J Donahue, who is charge of restructuring Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, tells congressional panel that utility could run out of money by summer if restructuring plans fall through; utility has about $9 billion of debt.

The story behind a popular Facebook video posted by a rehabilitation center for animals in New York State. The story behind a popular Facebook video posted by a rehabilitation center for animals in New York State. 

Scores of whales washed ashore near the Tiruchendur beach in the state of Tamil Nadu. Though many were towed back to sea, 45 died. Scores of whales washed ashore near the Tiruchendur beach in the state of Tamil Nadu. Though many were towed back to sea, 45 died. Scores of whales wash ashore in India; many are guided back to sea, but 45 died on beach.

Even the smallest auto companies are flourishing in the booming American market, none more so than this tiny Chinese-owned, Swedish-run luxury brand. Even the smallest auto companies are flourishing in the booming American market, none more so than this tiny Chinese-owned, Swedish-run luxury brand. Volvo unveils new sedan and wins recognition for its first sports utility vehicle at annual North American International Auto Show in Detroit, illustrating how soaring demand is helping even smaller auto companies thrive.

In a federal courtroom in Manhattan, General Motors raised questions about the story of a man who was injured in a 2014 accident in Oklahoma. In a federal courtroom in Manhattan, General Motors raised questions about the story of a man who was injured in a 2014 accident in Oklahoma. General Motors strongly questions veracity of story of man who was injured in 2014 crash and is suing company; civil trial is first of six 'bellwether' cases regarding defective ignition switches in many of company's vehicles.

The gun was at the Lumberton, N.C., convenience store for protection. The boy got his hands on it, and joined the roster of children killed in shootings. The gun was at the Lumberton, N.C., convenience store for protection. The boy got his hands on it, and joined the roster of children killed in shootings. 

An online questionnaire from Sanford C. Bernstein & Company found that A.I.G. investors wanted the insurer to sell or spin off businesses to better focus its operation. An online questionnaire from Sanford C. Bernstein & Company found that A.I.G. investors wanted the insurer to sell or spin off businesses to better focus its operation. 

It is encouraging that Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo has championed Penn Station’s cause, but he’s passed on the really big idea: moving Madison Square Garden. It is encouraging that Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo has championed Penn Station’s cause, but he’s passed on the really big idea: moving Madison Square Garden. Michael Kimmelman Critic's Notebook submits most efficient and beneficial plan to expand Penn Station includes relocating Madison Square Garden.

The governor said on Tuesday that he had pulled the state “back from the economic brink” and that he had no intention of abandoning his policy approaches on the state level. The governor said on Tuesday that he had pulled the state “back from the economic brink” and that he had no intention of abandoning his policy approaches on the state level. New Jersey Gov Chris Christie uses State of State address to declare that he will not be diminished presence in final years of his second term; Christie offers defense of his style of governing.

With the primaries bearing down, six presidential hopefuls ponder how to cut government without further harming the poor and helpless. With the primaries bearing down, six presidential hopefuls ponder how to cut government without further harming the poor and helpless. Eduardo Porter Economic Scene column assesses convention held in South Carolina for Republican presidential candidates to discuss issue of poverty; notes conservatives believe poverty is largely fault of government, despite lack of evidence for their views.

Readers’ suggestions include bringing back the “joy in learning,” avoiding the “Harvard-or-bust mentality” and reducing overscheduling. Readers’ suggestions include bringing back the “joy in learning,” avoiding the “Harvard-or-bust mentality” and reducing overscheduling. 

The Russian president told a German newspaper it was premature to discuss Mr. Assad’s future but not impossible the dictator would relocate to Russia. The Russian president told a German newspaper it was premature to discuss Mr. Assad’s future but not impossible the dictator would relocate to Russia. Russian Pres Vladimir V Putin hints that his country could grant asylum to Syrian Pres Bashar al-Assad.

Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo is only one player in addressing the issue in the city, but decisions his administration has made have left the city shouldering more of the burden. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo is only one player in addressing the issue in the city, but decisions his administration has made have left the city shouldering more of the burden. Review of New York State government's efforts on homelessness since Gov Andrew M Cuomo took office reveals pattern of shifting burden onto New York City, even as issue has grown more dire; Cuomo's administration says much of struggle in city's handling of issue is due to bad management on part of city.

Dr. Robert M. Califf’s candidacy as the head of the Food and Drug Administration is likely to be blocked over the agency’s approval of genetically engineered salmon. Dr. Robert M. Califf’s candidacy as the head of the Food and Drug Administration is likely to be blocked over the agency’s approval of genetically engineered salmon. Senate committee, by voice vote, unanimously approves Duke University cardiologist Dr Robert M Califf as commissioner of Food and Drug Administration; Sen Lisa Murkowski of Alaska says she intends block his candidacy because of FDA's approval of genetically engineered salmon, and Sen Bernie Sanders of Vermont , who was not present for voice vote, has also indicated reluctance to approve Califf. 

A smartphone video that defense lawyers said showed a verbal encounter before a suspected rape at a Brooklyn playground emerged on Tuesday, after a fifth suspect was arrested. A smartphone video that defense lawyers said showed a verbal encounter before a suspected rape at a Brooklyn playground emerged on Tuesday, after a fifth suspect was arrested. Defense lawyers say smartphone video recorded by witness shows brief verbal encounter between victim of alleged gang rape at playground in Brownsville neighborhood of Brooklyn and her suspected attackers; police arrest fifth suspect, and four other suspects are arraigned on first-degree rape charges.

Anaheim, which took over regional supremacy last season but has struggled to score, will meet first-place Los Angeles for the first time this season on Sunday. Anaheim, which took over regional supremacy last season but has struggled to score, will meet first-place Los Angeles for the first time this season on Sunday. 

Also, pick your pasta and sauce at Aunt Jake’s; high-end food stalls near Pennsylvania Station; and movies and meatballs in Bushwick. Also, pick your pasta and sauce at Aunt Jake’s; high-end food stalls near Pennsylvania Station; and movies and meatballs in Bushwick. Restaurants Momofuku Nishi, Prime West, Syndicated and Vandal open in New York City.

“Mad Max” and “Martian” also make the Directors Guild list, but “Carol” is shut out. “Mad Max” and “Martian” also make the Directors Guild list, but “Carol” is shut out. Directors Guild of America announces nominees for its feature film awards; partial list of nominees noted. 

Right to Rise, the “super PAC” supporting Jeb Bush, has released its third negative ad criticizing Senator Marco Rubio, this time attacking him over his record on immigration. Right to Rise, the “super PAC” supporting Jeb Bush, has released its third negative ad criticizing Senator Marco Rubio, this time attacking him over his record on immigration. 

Serdar Kilic discusses the Turkish president’s reference to “Hitler’s Germany” and the country’s treatment of Kurds. Serdar Kilic discusses the Turkish president’s reference to “Hitler’s Germany” and the country’s treatment of Kurds. 

A court majority ruled that juries were not given sufficient say over which inmates should be put to death. A court majority ruled that juries were not given sufficient say over which inmates should be put to death. Supreme Court strikes down two precedents upholding part of Florida's capital punishment system, saying part of process does not grant jurors role guaranteed by Sixth Amendment in deciding whether inmates should be executed; ruling concerns case of Timothy Lee Hurst, convicted of murder in 1998 and sentenced to death in 2000; number of death row inmates that would be entitled to new sentencing hearings based on ruling is uncertain. 

In his final State of the Union message, the president urged Americans to confront the challenges of the future by rejecting fear and embracing change. In his final State of the Union message, the president urged Americans to confront the challenges of the future by rejecting fear and embracing change. Pres Obama's final State of the Union address presents hopeful and ambitious vision for America, but concedes failures of his tenure, in particular his inability to bridge growing political divide; Obama chastises Republican presidential candidates for capitalizing on voter disenfranchisement for political gain and urges Americans to reject fear and misguided thinking that springs from it.

“How much more suffering must we witness before world leaders take real action to end the war in Syria?” a writer asks. “How much more suffering must we witness before world leaders take real action to end the war in Syria?” a writer asks. 

Women made up 9 percent of the filmmakers behind the top-grossing movies in 2015, up from 7 percent the year before. Women made up 9 percent of the filmmakers behind the top-grossing movies in 2015, up from 7 percent the year before. San Diego State University’s The Celluloid Ceiling report finds percentage of women directors among 250 top-grossing domestic films in 2015 was 9 percent, small jump from 2014 figure of 7 percent; Directors Guild of America reports slightly lower percentage of 6.4 for 2014.

A reader says the postal system is an essential American institution that deserves greater support. A reader says the postal system is an essential American institution that deserves greater support. 

A former candidate writes that it’s “a fool’s errand.” A former candidate writes that it’s “a fool’s errand.” 

Fine dining from the chef Thomas Keller. Fine dining from the chef Thomas Keller. 

The Saudi government owns stakes in local companies worth $170 billion. By spinning these off to compensate for lower oil revenue, it could fund years of budget deficits. The Saudi government owns stakes in local companies worth $170 billion. By spinning these off to compensate for lower oil revenue, it could fund years of budget deficits. 

Activists described the detention of Peter Jesper Dahlin as another step in the Chinese government’s drive to silence human rights campaigners. Activists described the detention of Peter Jesper Dahlin as another step in the Chinese government’s drive to silence human rights campaigners. 

The bar owner had a few enterprises in the works when he died last August, one of which will be realized: a new bar in Brooklyn. The bar owner had a few enterprises in the works when he died last August, one of which will be realized: a new bar in Brooklyn. Seaborne, cocktail lounge planned by pioneering bar owner Sasha Petraske, who died in August 2015, will open in Red Hook Brooklyn; bar, originally called Falconer, was 90 percent built when Petraske died.

As tensions escalate between Iran and Saudi Arabia, a dispute over the name of the body of water between them illustrates the disagreements at the heart of their dispute. As tensions escalate between Iran and Saudi Arabia, a dispute over the name of the body of water between them illustrates the disagreements at the heart of their dispute. Iran and Saudi Arabia continue to dispute name of body of water that separates them, illustrating deep level of distrust and hatred between two nations; Iran insists that it be called Persian Gulf, while Arab nations prefer to use Arabian Gulf.

The Diesel Technology Forum rebuts an Op-Ed essay raising doubts about “clean diesel.” The Diesel Technology Forum rebuts an Op-Ed essay raising doubts about “clean diesel.” 

Comparing payout options is fun to imagine, but also a useful way to think about taxes, investment opportunities and human nature. Comparing payout options is fun to imagine, but also a useful way to think about taxes, investment opportunities and human nature. The Upshot; best option for winner of $1.5 billion Powerball jackpot would be to accept annuity rather than taking lump sum, choice that protects winners from making grievous spending or investment mistakes and guarantees holding on to large portion of winnings for decades while minimizing tax liability.

Ms. Barnett, who succeeds Rachel S. Moore, is a ballet aficionado with a long career in the arts, including her most recent position as managing director of Lincoln Center International. Ms. Barnett, who succeeds Rachel S. Moore, is a ballet aficionado with a long career in the arts, including her most recent position as managing director of Lincoln Center International. American Ballet Theater appoints Kara Medoff Barnett as executive director, succeeding Rachel S Moore.

Glittering glass beads produced at the Preciosa factory in Desna can be found across the world, a favorite of the Masai and Samburu tribes in Kenya and Tanzania, and the Kayapos of the Amazon. Glittering glass beads produced at the Preciosa factory in Desna can be found across the world, a favorite of the Masai and Samburu tribes in Kenya and Tanzania, and the Kayapos of the Amazon. Desna Journal; Desna, Czech Republic, has been center of Bohemian bead production for more than 150 years; glass beads produced at Preciosa factory, which employs 900 of 3,000 people living in town, can be found across the world--from the Amazon to Kenya, India and North America.

More cuts are considered likely in an industry that had already lost an estimated 250,000 jobs since the price of crude began to drop in 2014. More cuts are considered likely in an industry that had already lost an estimated 250,000 jobs since the price of crude began to drop in 2014. BP announces it will cut 4,000 of approximately 24,000 positions in its production and exploration units; cuts come on top of 4,000 jobs trimmed in 2015, and are due to persistent drop in oil prices.

Readers respond to articles on extremism, gun laws, Islam and how to teach the classics. Readers respond to articles on extremism, gun laws, Islam and how to teach the classics. 

Fine dining from the chef Thomas Keller in Columbus Circle. Fine dining from the chef Thomas Keller in Columbus Circle. 

Other homes with Hollywood cachet do well, but the setting for a serial killer’s dungeon seems to be a tough sell. Other homes with Hollywood cachet do well, but the setting for a serial killer’s dungeon seems to be a tough sell. 

Ownership of The Philadelphia Inquirer, Philly.com and The Philadelphia Daily News, has been transferred to The Institute for Journalism in New Media. Ownership of The Philadelphia Inquirer, Philly.com and The Philadelphia Daily News, has been transferred to The Institute for Journalism in New Media. H F Lenfest announces that he has ceded his ownership of Philadelphia Media Network, which controls Philadelphia Inquirer, Philadelphia Daily News and Philly.com, to newly created nonprofit Institute for Journalism in New Media, which will operate under Philadelphia Foundation.

Redondo Beach, once a major tourist destination, no longer attracts crowds of visitors. A $250 million public-private project to redevelop its faded waterfront aims to change that. Redondo Beach, once a major tourist destination, no longer attracts crowds of visitors. A $250 million public-private project to redevelop its faded waterfront aims to change that. Redondo Beach, Calif, is working with developer CenterCal Properties on $250 million, 35-acre redevelopment project geared toward making city destination that will vie with its beach city neighbors.

The price of a barrel of oil was nearing $30, though tech stocks were up, and health insurance companies also gained. The price of a barrel of oil was nearing $30, though tech stocks were up, and health insurance companies also gained. Stock market closes with modest gain due to late-afternoon rally after volatile day.

With more than a billion dollars up for grabs in the Powerball jackpot this week, people flocked to Georgia, a state that actually participates in the lottery. With more than a billion dollars up for grabs in the Powerball jackpot this week, people flocked to Georgia, a state that actually participates in the lottery. Residents of Alabama have been crossing into Georgia to buy Powerball lottery tickets, standing in lines 60 or more people deep in hopes of buying winning ticket for record jackpot, now exceeding $1.5 billion; Alabama is one of six states that do not participate in Powerball game.

The art dealer Larry Gagosian and the Qatar royal family are disputing the ownership of a Picasso sculpture of his mistress, Marie-Thérèse, on view at MoMA. The art dealer Larry Gagosian and the Qatar royal family are disputing the ownership of a Picasso sculpture of his mistress, Marie-Thérèse, on view at MoMA. Art dealer Larry Gagosian and royal family of Qatar both claim to have purchased Picasso's plaster bust of his muse Marie-Therese Walter, prompting lawsuit and questions over whether Picasso's daughter Maya Widmaier-Picasso sold bust to two buyers; case is complicated by competitive and secretive nature of art world and complex nature of Picasso's family.

Paid security protection software has its advantages, but some services guard your system free. Paid security protection software has its advantages, but some services guard your system free. Tech Tips on security package for Windows 10.

The real estate market, greedy officials and rapid urbanization feed the pollution problem. The real estate market, greedy officials and rapid urbanization feed the pollution problem. 

Oscar the Grouch has a recycling bin and Big Bird has moved to a tree as the children’s classic debuts on HBO, aiming at a generation that doesn’t distinguish between TV and mobile screens. Oscar the Grouch has a recycling bin and Big Bird has moved to a tree as the children’s classic debuts on HBO, aiming at a generation that doesn’t distinguish between TV and mobile screens. Cast and crew of Sesame Street are settling into revamped set as well as new home on HBO after 45 years on PBS; new season will feature number of changes in effort to appeal to current generation of children, including shorter episodes, modern sets and new theme song. 

People think the Russian president is a hard-nosed realist. But the danger is that he’s nothing of the kind. People think the Russian president is a hard-nosed realist. But the danger is that he’s nothing of the kind. 

Probably. Sorry. Probably. Sorry. 

The country’s deputy nuclear chief said a report that technicians had removed the core of the country’s heavy-water reactor and poured concrete into the cavity was baseless. The country’s deputy nuclear chief said a report that technicians had removed the core of the country’s heavy-water reactor and poured concrete into the cavity was baseless. Iranian deputy nuclear chief Ali Asghar Zarean denies report that Arak heavy-water reactor has been dismantled and filled with concrete, saying country plans to sign agreement to modify it.

The kick was a classic underdog maneuver, a gamble from a program that is seemingly always favored and from a coach, Nick Saban, who used never to make such moves. The kick was a classic underdog maneuver, a gamble from a program that is seemingly always favored and from a coach, Nick Saban, who used never to make such moves. Marc Tracy On College Football column suggests Alabama coach Nick Saban's uncharacteristic use of onside kick in team's national championship victory over Clemson reflects coach's willingness to adapt his winning strategy as sport evolves.

The rise in passing and scoring lines up with the rise in N.F.L. ratings, popularity and revenue. The rise in passing and scoring lines up with the rise in N.F.L. ratings, popularity and revenue. 

Instead of paying a slice of their profits, companies could turn over nonvoting stock to the government. Instead of paying a slice of their profits, companies could turn over nonvoting stock to the government. Op-Ed article by economist Dean Baker asserts efforts American companies devote to avoiding onerous corporate taxes squander resources better spent on innovation; suggests instead of being taxed, companies should hand over certain amount of nonvoting stock to government, assuring its profits are shared by government and eliminating corporate incentive to minimize tax liability.

The favored in-flight pastime of a group of players including Al Horford, Kent Bazemore and Dennis Schroder is a schoolchildren’s card game with some added twists. The favored in-flight pastime of a group of players including Al Horford, Kent Bazemore and Dennis Schroder is a schoolchildren’s card game with some added twists. Several Atlanta Hawks teammates pass time traveling to games by playing modified version of card game Uno.

But the star of “Woman in Gold” and “Trumbo” says “it’s incredibly flattering” to be considered a role model. But the star of “Woman in Gold” and “Trumbo” says “it’s incredibly flattering” to be considered a role model. 

The move against the four, already detained for six months, continues a nationwide sweep of more than 200 lawyers and associates who worked on civil rights cases. The move against the four, already detained for six months, continues a nationwide sweep of more than 200 lawyers and associates who worked on civil rights cases. Chinese authorities reportedly arrest four lawyers, including Zhou Shifeng, who have fought for human rights in China; are charged with subverting state power, which can carry sentence of up to life in prison.

Wendell Silva Lira won a FIFA award for the best goal of 2015 for an acrobatic score in a lower-tier game in Brazil, thanks to lots of views on YouTube and a heavy push by Brazilian sites. Wendell Silva Lira won a FIFA award for the best goal of 2015 for an acrobatic score in a lower-tier game in Brazil, thanks to lots of views on YouTube and a heavy push by Brazilian sites. 

The first strike by medical doctors in the country in four decades heightened tensions over the stewardship of a widely revered health system that has come under growing strain. The first strike by medical doctors in the country in four decades heightened tensions over the stewardship of a widely revered health system that has come under growing strain. English hospital doctors stage first strike over pay and working hours, disrupting treatment for thousands of people and escalating political tensions over publicly funded National Health Service.

Styles caught up with Mr. Ronson, the D.J. and producer, in the tent in Kensington Gardens before the British brand’s event. Styles caught up with Mr. Ronson, the D.J. and producer, in the tent in Kensington Gardens before the British brand’s event. 

Americans, ordinary and well known alike, have over the years been invited to President Obama’s annual addresses to represent his policies. Americans, ordinary and well known alike, have over the years been invited to President Obama’s annual addresses to represent his policies. Names and contributions of Americans who, over past seven years, have been invited to attend Pres Obama's State of the Union address, highlighted. 

With voters mobbing Mr. Sanders at events in the state, exposing a disparity in passion for the two Democrats, Mrs. Clinton has gone on the attack and tried to energize supporters. With voters mobbing Mr. Sanders at events in the state, exposing a disparity in passion for the two Democrats, Mrs. Clinton has gone on the attack and tried to energize supporters. Iowan Democrats are showing far more enthusiasm for Bernie Sanders than Hillary Clinton, causing anxious Clinton campaign to reassess situation; polls show Sanders surging ahead, prompting Clinton and aides to increase focus on him and determine how to undercut his high ratings.

The Turkish government said that the Islamic State was behind the attack in the district of Sultanahmet, and that the dead were all foreign citizens. The Turkish government said that the Islamic State was behind the attack in the district of Sultanahmet, and that the dead were all foreign citizens. Turkish government says Islamic State suicide bomber is responsible for attack in Istanbul, which left 10 tourists dead.

Under the decision, the United States will be allowed to station troops and weapons at crucial bases, decades after Manila lawmakers expelled American troops. Under the decision, the United States will be allowed to station troops and weapons at crucial bases, decades after Manila lawmakers expelled American troops. Philippine Supreme Court votes, 10-4, to allow American military to station troops and weapons at bases in Philippines; decision will likely heighten tensions between United States and China, which is seeking to establish itself as dominant power in region by building military facilities in South China Sea.

Wanda, which already owns the AMC cinema chain, said the purchase would help the producer of movies like “Jurassic World” gain access to China. Wanda, which already owns the AMC cinema chain, said the purchase would help the producer of movies like “Jurassic World” gain access to China. 

Mr. Libertini, a ubiquitous presence on stage, screen and television, was best known for his antic turn as the deranged General Garcia in the 1979 film comedy. Mr. Libertini, a ubiquitous presence on stage, screen and television, was best known for his antic turn as the deranged General Garcia in the 1979 film comedy. Richard Libertini, character actor best known for role as deranged Latin American general in 1979 movie The In-Laws, dies at age 82.

Mr. Del Monte was the last known survivor of the earthquake and fires that killed more than 3,000 people. Mr. Del Monte was the last known survivor of the earthquake and fires that killed more than 3,000 people. William A Del Monte, last known survivor of 1906 San Francisco earthquake and fires, dies at age 109.

Also, horseradish from Long Island; discussing and eating Jewish deli food; mint from the Pacific Northwest; a gin manual; and sausage from California. Also, horseradish from Long Island; discussing and eating Jewish deli food; mint from the Pacific Northwest; a gin manual; and sausage from California. Florence Fabricant Front Burner column notes David Broom book Gin: The Manual, which offers both history and encyclopedic descriptions of spirit; other food and cooking items noted.

Owners and chefs debate whether to add the fee for cakes brought in by customers. Owners and chefs debate whether to add the fee for cakes brought in by customers. Restaurant owners and chefs are debating whether to charge fee to cut and plate cakes customers bring in with them for birthdays and special occasions; practice has been dubbed 'cakeage,' play on corkage, fees restaurants often charge to open bottle of wine brought in by diners.

Cooked a notch longer and chopped fine, the vegetable transforms into a sauce for pasta. Cooked a notch longer and chopped fine, the vegetable transforms into a sauce for pasta. Martha Rose Shulman Recipes For Health column shares recipe for fusilli with broccoli and anchovies.

David Bowie, Bulgogi sloppy joes and more. David Bowie, Bulgogi sloppy joes and more. 

The founder of Food & Tech Connect hauled the block home after a hog-butchering demonstration and mostly chops vegetables on it. The founder of Food & Tech Connect hauled the block home after a hog-butchering demonstration and mostly chops vegetables on it. Danielle Gould, founder of Food & Tech Connect, clearinghouse for data about agriculture and the food industry, treasures four-inch-thick, 80 pound John Boos chopping block that she originally bought for a demonstration of hog butchering. 

On a cold night in Beijing, China’s colossal legislative building held a concert by a group of the country’s leading classical and popular musicians. On a cold night in Beijing, China’s colossal legislative building held a concert by a group of the country’s leading classical and popular musicians. 

On their own or served over rice, polenta or salads, or added to soups and stews, home-cooked beans are the foundation for a simple, healthy and satisfying meal. On their own or served over rice, polenta or salads, or added to soups and stews, home-cooked beans are the foundation for a simple, healthy and satisfying meal. Melissa Clark A Good Appetite column shares recipes for North African bean stew with barley and winter squash, white bean and roasted potato salad with rosemary and ham and bean soup with collard greens.

Early rains in 2013 forced small yields, with lean and earthy flavors that are full of tension. Early rains in 2013 forced small yields, with lean and earthy flavors that are full of tension.  Eric Asimov Wines of The Times column tasting panel rates 20 Oregon pinot noirs from 2013 growing season.

A new, mostly takeout shop may make you rethink fried rice. A new, mostly takeout shop may make you rethink fried rice. Ligaya Mishan reviews Zing's Awesome Rice restaurant on Manhattan's Lower East Side.

An obsession with rice on the Lower East Side. An obsession with rice on the Lower East Side. 

As part of the magazine’s annual Lives They Lived issue, we invite you to contribute a photograph and a story of someone close to you who died this year. As part of the magazine’s annual Lives They Lived issue, we invite you to contribute a photograph and a story of someone close to you who died this year. 

The fine watchmaking fair opens Jan. 18 in Geneva. The fine watchmaking fair opens Jan. 18 in Geneva. 

The Berlusconi years were tough on men’s fashion in Italy. But now there seems to be a return to traditional sartorial values. The Berlusconi years were tough on men’s fashion in Italy. But now there seems to be a return to traditional sartorial values. Designers and fashionable men in Italy are aiming to recapture legacy of subtle, refined fashion in era that has given way to flashy vulgarity.

Chávez tenía sus propias ideas sobre el hijo más famoso de Venezuela. Chávez tenía sus propias ideas sobre el hijo más famoso de Venezuela. 

This table shows the performance of mutual funds through the end of the quarter. This table shows the performance of mutual funds through the end of the quarter. 

Transcripts from Federal Reserve meetings in 2010 show, in real time, how the central bank under chairman Ben S. Bernanke came to the conclusion that the economy was in greater peril than it had initially seemed. Transcripts from Federal Reserve meetings in 2010 show, in real time, how the central bank under chairman Ben S. Bernanke came to the conclusion that the economy was in greater peril than it had initially seemed. 

Searching for answers in the deadliest year in Baltimore’s history Searching for answers in the deadliest year in Baltimore’s history 

PM, the 1940s photo-rich New York tabloid, asked readers to interpret its pictures — 75 of which are currently at the Steven Kasher Gallery in Chelsea. PM, the 1940s photo-rich New York tabloid, asked readers to interpret its pictures — 75 of which are currently at the Steven Kasher Gallery in Chelsea. 

He Wenjun, a teacher and Xibe language translator, sings a popular folk song, “Xiao Qiao Cried for Zhou Yu,” based on a tale from the Ming dynasty novel “Romance of the Three Kingdoms.” He Wenjun, a teacher and Xibe language translator, sings a popular folk song, “Xiao Qiao Cried for Zhou Yu,” based on a tale from the Ming dynasty novel “Romance of the Three Kingdoms.” 

 Republican candidates for president dueled in another televised debate, the modern version of gladiatorial combat. As an experiment I’m posting my tweets about it here. Republican candidates for president dueled in another televised debate, the modern version of gladiatorial combat. As an experiment I’m posting my tweets about it here.

 In which we learn to fully appreciate a Patrick Berry puzzle. In which we learn to fully appreciate a Patrick Berry puzzle.

 Tell us what you think. Tell us what you think.

 Paul Kirk Jr., a former Democratic National Committee chairman and Ted Kennedy confidante, endorsed Bernie Sanders before a rally at Dartmouth College. Paul Kirk Jr., a former Democratic National Committee chairman and Ted Kennedy confidante, endorsed Bernie Sanders before a rally at Dartmouth College.

 Mr. Trump once called Mr. Buchanan a “neo–Nazi.” But times have changed. Mr. Trump once called Mr. Buchanan a “neo–Nazi.” But times have changed.

The Times critic A.O. Scott reviews “In the Shadow of Women.” The Times critic A.O. Scott reviews “In the Shadow of Women.” 

 Hillary Clinton’s aides expressed outrage over a Bernie Sanders ad that they said violated Mr. Sanders’s pledge to never run a negative attack ad against a political opponent. Hillary Clinton’s aides expressed outrage over a Bernie Sanders ad that they said violated Mr. Sanders’s pledge to never run a negative attack ad against a political opponent.

The Times critic Manohla Dargis reviews “13 Hours.” The Times critic Manohla Dargis reviews “13 Hours.” 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

The Times critic A. O. Scott reviews “Ride Along 2.” The Times critic A. O. Scott reviews “Ride Along 2.” 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

 Amazon’s China subsidiary has received United States approval to ship ocean freight for other companies, in another move by the retailer to build out its logistics operations. Amazon’s China subsidiary has received United States approval to ship ocean freight for other companies, in another move by the retailer to build out its logistics operations.

 Photos from Turkey, Beirut, Russia and Indonesia. Photos from Turkey, Beirut, Russia and Indonesia.

The New York Times film critics review “Ride Along 2,” “13 Hours” and “In the Shadow of Women.” The New York Times film critics review “Ride Along 2,” “13 Hours” and “In the Shadow of Women.” 

Turkey and More — Pictures of the Day Turkey and More — Pictures of the Day 

The young photographer Zane Zhou pairs moody images of young men with perfectly composed trees, seascapes and roadsides. The young photographer Zane Zhou pairs moody images of young men with perfectly composed trees, seascapes and roadsides. 

The artist’s paired photographs capture summer nostalgia. The artist’s paired photographs capture summer nostalgia. 

Lucy and Jorge Orta’s “Antarctica World Passport Delivery Bureau,” which follows the pair’s expedition to the South Pole, offers visitors a (symbolic) universal citizenship. Lucy and Jorge Orta’s “Antarctica World Passport Delivery Bureau,” which follows the pair’s expedition to the South Pole, offers visitors a (symbolic) universal citizenship. 

 Donald J. Trump’s popularity has climbed to its highest level to date less than a month before the first Republican votes will be cast, according to a new national NBC/Wall Street Journal poll. Donald J. Trump’s popularity has climbed to its highest level to date less than a month before the first Republican votes will be cast, according to a new national NBC/Wall Street Journal poll.

Two civilians and five assailants were killed in the explosions and gunfire in Jakarta, Indonesia, on Thursday. The Islamic State has claimed responsibility. Two civilians and five assailants were killed in the explosions and gunfire in Jakarta, Indonesia, on Thursday. The Islamic State has claimed responsibility. 

The reporter Julie Turkewitz describes the scene in Burns, Ore., and at a nearby national wildlife refuge that has been occupied by protesters. The reporter Julie Turkewitz describes the scene in Burns, Ore., and at a nearby national wildlife refuge that has been occupied by protesters. 

The designer Marco de Vincenzo and the artist Patrizio Travagli have collaborated to reimagine the city’s Teatro Niccolini. The designer Marco de Vincenzo and the artist Patrizio Travagli have collaborated to reimagine the city’s Teatro Niccolini. 

 Isabella Boylston of American Ballet Theater will be artist in residence and BalletX of Philadelphia will be the company in residence at this year’s Vail International Dance Festival. Isabella Boylston of American Ballet Theater will be artist in residence and BalletX of Philadelphia will be the company in residence at this year’s Vail International Dance Festival.

 The show is to begin performances on March 31 at the Longacre Theater, and opening night is scheduled for April 21. The show is to begin performances on March 31 at the Longacre Theater, and opening night is scheduled for April 21.

 Officials of the Tacoma Art Museum say they plan to build new gallery to house a major gift of art from a collector. Officials of the Tacoma Art Museum say they plan to build new gallery to house a major gift of art from a collector.

 R.I.P. R.I.P.

Thoughts from Jennifer Lawrence, Sylvester Stallone and other newly minted contenders. Thoughts from Jennifer Lawrence, Sylvester Stallone and other newly minted contenders. 

 How dare Obama condemn bigotry? How dare Obama condemn bigotry?

For some people who won the lottery, hitting it big turned out to be the worst thing that could happen. For some people who won the lottery, hitting it big turned out to be the worst thing that could happen. 

 Always wrong, never daunted. Always wrong, never daunted.

 Though his low polling numbers raised the possibility he would be excluded from Sunday’s Democratic presidential debate, former Gov. Martin O’Malley of Maryland will be onstage, NBC News said. Though his low polling numbers raised the possibility he would be excluded from Sunday’s Democratic presidential debate, former Gov. Martin O’Malley of Maryland will be onstage, NBC News said.

The best things we learned from interviews with Cate Blanchett, Charlotte Rampling, Saoirse Ronan and Rooney Mara. The best things we learned from interviews with Cate Blanchett, Charlotte Rampling, Saoirse Ronan and Rooney Mara. 

 The president’s implicit criticism of the idea during his State of the Union speech “degrades the presidency,” according to Mr. Ryan. The president’s implicit criticism of the idea during his State of the Union speech “degrades the presidency,” according to Mr. Ryan.

 Along with Vocabulary.com, our collaborators for Word of the Day, we invite you to create a short video that defines or teaches any of the words in our now nearly 1500-words strong collection. Along with Vocabulary.com, our collaborators for Word of the Day, we invite you to create a short video that defines or teaches any of the words in our now nearly 1500-words strong collection.

 Proton pump inhibitors like Nexium, Prevacid and Prilosec may increase the risk of chronic kidney disease. Proton pump inhibitors like Nexium, Prevacid and Prilosec may increase the risk of chronic kidney disease.

 “Let me tell you, there are three things that are certain in life: death, taxes, and Michelle is not running for president.” — President Obama “Let me tell you, there are three things that are certain in life: death, taxes, and Michelle is not running for president.” — President Obama

 The disarray within Ben Carson’s campaign continued as his campaign’s finance chairman resigned hours before Republican presidential candidates were set to gather in South Carolina for their next debate. The disarray within Ben Carson’s campaign continued as his campaign’s finance chairman resigned hours before Republican presidential candidates were set to gather in South Carolina for their next debate.

 Works include “Broadway Bounty Hunter,” a new musical by Joe Iconis, “Presto Change-O,” directed by Mark Bruni, and “The Pirates of Penzance,” from the director John Rando and the choreographer Joshua Bergasse. Works include “Broadway Bounty Hunter,” a new musical by Joe Iconis, “Presto Change-O,” directed by Mark Bruni, and “The Pirates of Penzance,” from the director John Rando and the choreographer Joshua Bergasse.

 Donald J. Trump took the rare step of “disavowing” the endorsement of a prominent white nationalist who supports Mr. Trump’s ban on Muslim immigration and who said the United States needs more white immigrants who can assimilate. Donald J. Trump took the rare step of “disavowing” the endorsement of a prominent white nationalist who supports Mr. Trump’s ban on Muslim immigration and who said the United States needs more white immigrants who can assimilate.

 Dr. Nicholas Gonzalez was a fascinating figure in the world of cancer, one whose beliefs and treatments have fierce critics but whose insights have shed light on the mysteries of the illness. Dr. Nicholas Gonzalez was a fascinating figure in the world of cancer, one whose beliefs and treatments have fierce critics but whose insights have shed light on the mysteries of the illness.

 With the death of Alan Rickman, who played Severus Snape in the Harry Potter movies, our children will experience the curious grief that accompanies the death of someone you knew without knowing. With the death of Alan Rickman, who played Severus Snape in the Harry Potter movies, our children will experience the curious grief that accompanies the death of someone you knew without knowing.

 Cynthia Elliott, who led the cultural center for 13 years, will leave at the end of the 2016 season. Cynthia Elliott, who led the cultural center for 13 years, will leave at the end of the 2016 season.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: A new air of crisis grips India in 1966. From the International Herald Tribune archives: A new air of crisis grips India in 1966.

 Matthew Aucoin, 25, will conduct and compose, and work with young artists over the next three seasons. Matthew Aucoin, 25, will conduct and compose, and work with young artists over the next three seasons.

Only the inclusion of “The Revenant’s” Iñárritu adds a note of diversity as the absence of black nominees fuels criticism of Hollywood’s hiring record. Only the inclusion of “The Revenant’s” Iñárritu adds a note of diversity as the absence of black nominees fuels criticism of Hollywood’s hiring record. 

The five candidates have a mix of political, academic, business and legal experience. One is a household name, and all attended Harvard in some capacity. The five candidates have a mix of political, academic, business and legal experience. One is a household name, and all attended Harvard in some capacity. 

The anonymous author’s novels can serve as a sort of guidebook to modern Naples. The anonymous author’s novels can serve as a sort of guidebook to modern Naples. Ann Mah travel article recounts highlights of trip to less-popular areas of Naples, Italy; journey traced favored haunts of characters created by author Elena Ferrante, whose popular Neapolitan novels, written under pseudonym, are set in gritty and dangerous parts of city. 

Of all this show’s perversions, the most surprising has been its penchant for happy endings. Of all this show’s perversions, the most surprising has been its penchant for happy endings. 

 GoPro surprised Wall Street with its earnings warning on Wednesday. Intel is on deck to report quarterly results on Thursday. GoPro surprised Wall Street with its earnings warning on Wednesday. Intel is on deck to report quarterly results on Thursday.

Make your Oscar picks and share your ballot with your friends. Make your Oscar picks and share your ballot with your friends. 

 Louise Bourgeois will be among the first artists to get a prominent showcase in Tate Modern’s new building, scheduled to open on June 17. Louise Bourgeois will be among the first artists to get a prominent showcase in Tate Modern’s new building, scheduled to open on June 17.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Japan begins to oil propaganda guns in Mexico in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Japan begins to oil propaganda guns in Mexico in 1941.

A taxi passenger was part of a graceful dance on Second Avenue and heard a new language of sorts. A taxi passenger was part of a graceful dance on Second Avenue and heard a new language of sorts. 

 The eight candidates for the Republican nomination gathered before a debate in Manchester, N.H., on Feb. 15, 1996. The eight candidates for the Republican nomination gathered before a debate in Manchester, N.H., on Feb. 15, 1996.

 Donald J. Trump versus Ted Cruz. Marco Rubio versus Mr. Cruz. Mr. Rubio versus Chris Christie. Jeb Bush versus almost everyone. The list of fight combinations that could take place at the Republican presidential debate on Thursday night, hosted in South Carolina by the Fox Business Network, is long. Donald J. Trump versus Ted Cruz. Marco Rubio versus Mr. Cruz. Mr. Rubio versus Chris Christie. Jeb Bush versus almost everyone. The list of fight combinations that could take place at the Republican presidential debate on Thursday night, hosted in South Carolina by the Fox Business Network, is long.

 As Republican presidential candidates converge on South Carolina for a nationally televised debate, Mr. Sanders of Vermont will be looking to solidify his lead in New Hampshire with a series of events and “an important endorsement.” As Republican presidential candidates converge on South Carolina for a nationally televised debate, Mr. Sanders of Vermont will be looking to solidify his lead in New Hampshire with a series of events and “an important endorsement.”

 A reader asks, why is constipation so common when you are traveling? A reader asks, why is constipation so common when you are traveling?

 Mr. Clinton took to the campaign trail on Wednesday in New Hampshire to make the case for Mrs. Clinton, recalling memories of his adversaries in part to show that she had experience reaching across the aisle. Mr. Clinton took to the campaign trail on Wednesday in New Hampshire to make the case for Mrs. Clinton, recalling memories of his adversaries in part to show that she had experience reaching across the aisle.

 Anheuser-Busch InBev Sets $46 Billion Bond Sale | North Korea, a New Frontier for a Daredevil Investor Anheuser-Busch InBev Sets $46 Billion Bond Sale | North Korea, a New Frontier for a Daredevil Investor

 Mr. Trump, who at the beginning of the month pledged to spend at least $2 million a week on advertising and did so for the first week, has so far in his second week reserved about a third of that, according to multiple media buyers. Mr. Trump, who at the beginning of the month pledged to spend at least $2 million a week on advertising and did so for the first week, has so far in his second week reserved about a third of that, according to multiple media buyers.

Thursday: A prehistoric arrival, chilly weather, and a hippo leaves town. Thursday: A prehistoric arrival, chilly weather, and a hippo leaves town. 

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

What would you name a new element on the periodic table? Scientists will soon have to decide. New York Times readers had some suggestions. What would you name a new element on the periodic table? Scientists will soon have to decide. New York Times readers had some suggestions. International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry is preparing to rename four superheavy elements on periodic table, currently identified only as 113, 115, 117 and 118; reader suggestions for new identifiers highlighted. 

 Republicans have begun their annual retreat, where their policy goals are hashed out in a hotel ballroom, and which will run through Friday in Baltimore. It is the first since John A. Boehner stepped down as House speaker, and the last of the Obama presidency. Republicans have begun their annual retreat, where their policy goals are hashed out in a hotel ballroom, and which will run through Friday in Baltimore. It is the first since John A. Boehner stepped down as House speaker, and the last of the Obama presidency.

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 Food and singledom is the subject of two recent studies that come down on either side of whether or not bachelorhood does a body good. Food and singledom is the subject of two recent studies that come down on either side of whether or not bachelorhood does a body good.

 In his new book “Happy Gut,” Dr. Vincent Pedre argues that chronic health problems can in some cases be traced to the digestive system and fixed by changing the microbes in our gut. In his new book “Happy Gut,” Dr. Vincent Pedre argues that chronic health problems can in some cases be traced to the digestive system and fixed by changing the microbes in our gut.

 What do you look for when thinking about where you’d like to travel? Are you more excited by cities or nature? Adventure or peace and quiet? Nightlife or daytime activities? Going somewhere new or revisiting old places you’ve always loved? What do you look for when thinking about where you’d like to travel? Are you more excited by cities or nature? Adventure or peace and quiet? Nightlife or daytime activities? Going somewhere new or revisiting old places you’ve always loved?

 What does the Orphaned Wildlife Center do, and where is it? What does the Orphaned Wildlife Center do, and where is it?

 Asked to consider whether lies were justified, readers brought forth almost every position that has ever been put forward by philosophers on the subject. Asked to consider whether lies were justified, readers brought forth almost every position that has ever been put forward by philosophers on the subject.

A woman in a camp for Rohingya was forced to weigh what her son should sacrifice for her to save her husband’s life. A woman in a camp for Rohingya was forced to weigh what her son should sacrifice for her to save her husband’s life. Nicholas Kristof Op-Ed column describes desperation that drove Jano Begum and Robi Alom, Muslims of Rohingya minority in Myanmar, to try and flee to Malaysia; notes Rohingya have been confined in concentration camps and isolated villages since 2012, and have been subjected to ethnic cleansing that may amount to genocide; laments Rohingya plight has been met by global indifference.

For many young people, the first president they consciously registered was a black man. For many young people, the first president they consciously registered was a black man. 

We can be doing much more to generate electricity from hydropower, even without building new dams. We can be doing much more to generate electricity from hydropower, even without building new dams. Op-Ed article by Sen Lisa Murkowski and Jay Faison urges Pres Obama to support legislation to increase United States hydropower capacity; details how hydropower could be integral part of country's renewable energy infrastructure.

Here are rules for dealing with family members showing up in the presidential race, like when to give them a break and when to go for the jugular. Here are rules for dealing with family members showing up in the presidential race, like when to give them a break and when to go for the jugular. Gail Collins Op-Ed column reviews rules that should govern way people and press speak about family members of presidential candidates.

Party loyalty has limits. Mr. Trump has altered the political equation because he has altered the moral equation. Party loyalty has limits. Mr. Trump has altered the political equation because he has altered the moral equation. Peter Wehner Op-Ed article declares that he will not vote for Donald Trump if he wins Republican nomination, despite having voted Republican in every presidential election since becoming eligible in 1980 and serving in three Republican administrations; suggests many other Republicans feel same way, in large part because Trump is flatly unqualified to be president.

Is he ruthless enough to win? Is he ruthless enough to win? 

The governor’s view has shifted as he tries to woo the pro-gun vote. The governor’s view has shifted as he tries to woo the pro-gun vote. Editorial rebukes New Jersey Gov Chris Christie for reversing his position on gun control after launching his presidential campaign; calls on him to support new state legislation requiring smart gun technology for handguns, which he has derided; asserts move would show willingness to compromise and distinguish him from crowded Republican field.

 Do recent assaults on women by Middle Eastern migrants show that Europe needs to change its approach to refugees? Do recent assaults on women by Middle Eastern migrants show that Europe needs to change its approach to refugees?

 Applications are now open for the Fourth Annual New York Portfolio Review, where editors, curators, gallerists and book publishers will conduct two days of private photo critiques. Applications are now open for the Fourth Annual New York Portfolio Review, where editors, curators, gallerists and book publishers will conduct two days of private photo critiques.

Two students and a health care worker died Wednesday in a bus crash as they headed to an airport for a flight home after a volunteer mission. Two students and a health care worker died Wednesday in a bus crash as they headed to an airport for a flight home after a volunteer mission. Three American women die in bus crash while heading to airport for flight home following volunteer mission in Honduras organized by Columbia University; twelve other Americans are hurt.

Quotation of the Day for Thursday, January 14, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Thursday, January 14, 2016. 

Corrections appearing in print on Thursday, January 14, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Thursday, January 14, 2016. 

Josh Holloway and Carlton Cuse of “Lost” fame team up again on “Colony.” Kevin Hart and Olivia Munn face off on “Lip Sync Battle.” And Jillian Bell and Charlotte Newhouse bring “Idiotsitter” to TV. Josh Holloway and Carlton Cuse of “Lost” fame team up again on “Colony.” Kevin Hart and Olivia Munn face off on “Lip Sync Battle.” And Jillian Bell and Charlotte Newhouse bring “Idiotsitter” to TV. 

A traffic police post was heavily damaged by the blasts, and at least one officer was killed by gunfire, according to witnesses speaking to a local television station. A traffic police post was heavily damaged by the blasts, and at least one officer was killed by gunfire, according to witnesses speaking to a local television station. 

The Olympic gold-medalist skier Picabo Street has been charged with assault and domestic violence after authorities say she pushed her father down the stairs in a home in Park City, Utah, on Dec. 23. The Olympic gold-medalist skier Picabo Street has been charged with assault and domestic violence after authorities say she pushed her father down the stairs in a home in Park City, Utah, on Dec. 23. Skier Picabo Street is charged with assault and domestic violence after allegedly pushing her father down stairs in Park City, Utah, home.

Catcher Wilson Ramos and the Washington Nationals have avoided salary arbitration by agreeing to terms on a contract. Catcher Wilson Ramos and the Washington Nationals have avoided salary arbitration by agreeing to terms on a contract. 

The Coyotes’ John Scott, voted by fans as one of four captains for the N.H.L. The Coyotes’ John Scott, voted by fans as one of four captains for the N.H.L. Arizona Coyotes send All-Star game captain John Scott to minors for defenseman Kevin Connauton.

 This word has appeared in 372 New York Times articles in the past year. This word has appeared in 372 New York Times articles in the past year.

CURCIO--Columba (Curio), on January 11th at age 100. Retired NYC School Teacher. Survived by her sister Marie Buonomo, brother Noah Curcio, nine nieces and nephews and many great and great-great nieces and nephews. Reposing Farenga Bros., 920 Allerton Ave., Bronx, on Friday, January 15th, 2-5 and 7-9pm. Funeral Mass Saturday, January 16th, 10am at Holy Cross Church. Entombment St. Raymond's Cemetery. 1/3 CURCIO--Columba (Curio), on January 11th at age 100. Retired NYC School Teacher. Survived by her sister Marie Buonomo, brother Noah Curcio, nine nieces and nephews and many great and great-great nieces and nephews. Reposing Farenga Bros., 920 Allerton Ave., Bronx, on Friday, January 15th, 2-5 and 7-9pm. Funeral Mass Saturday, January 16th, 10am at Holy Cross Church. Entombment St. Raymond's Cemetery. 1/3 

PRESENT--Daniel H.,M.D. For 50 years we had the privilege and joy and warmth of Dan's friendship together with Jane at his side. He was our ally, comforter, advisor and also gave us his most superb and caring medical expertise. For 25 years we spent every summer together in the Berkshires at Lakecrest which gave him much tranquility and a pause from the care of his patients and research. We will always cherish these 50 years of his friendship. May G-d comfort Jane, Tracy, Stephanie, Douglas, his sister Judy and their families. May his name be forever a blessing. Susan and Bob Schwartz and Family 1/3 PRESENT--Daniel H.,M.D. For 50 years we had the privilege and joy and warmth of Dan's friendship together with Jane at his side. He was our ally, comforter, advisor and also gave us his most superb and caring medical expertise. For 25 years we spent every summer together in the Berkshires at Lakecrest which gave him much tranquility and a pause from the care of his patients and research. We will always cherish these 50 years of his friendship. May G-d comfort Jane, Tracy, Stephanie, Douglas, his sister Judy and their families. May his name be forever a blessing. Susan and Bob Schwartz and Family 1/3 

PRESENT--Daniel H. We love you and always will. You are part of us forever. Helen and Nat 1/3 PRESENT--Daniel H. We love you and always will. You are part of us forever. Helen and Nat 1/3 

KAYE--Judith. The Legal Aid Society mourns the loss of Judge Kaye, a brilliant jurist, responsible for ground breaking decisions who will always be remembered for her great leadership, creative court reforms and for protecting the rights of the most vulnerable. She was a former Director of the Society, serving from 1977 to 1983. 1/3 KAYE--Judith. The Legal Aid Society mourns the loss of Judge Kaye, a brilliant jurist, responsible for ground breaking decisions who will always be remembered for her great leadership, creative court reforms and for protecting the rights of the most vulnerable. She was a former Director of the Society, serving from 1977 to 1983. 1/3 

VOLKMAR--Isaac. The path we walked yearns your shadow. . . engulfed in your memory and wrapped in love a new day begins. For us a day without beginning, without end, just a continuation. . . we feel you. . . we love you. For children with a promise inside, a day is brightened with your light of love and hope. And the pain becomes the truth and the truth becomes the light and the light becomes redeeming. Sweetie boy, I know your soul has always been blessed. . . for us and for many you are a blessing, an angel and pure love. We miss you and love you. Dad (pops) 1/3 VOLKMAR--Isaac. The path we walked yearns your shadow. . . engulfed in your memory and wrapped in love a new day begins. For us a day without beginning, without end, just a continuation. . . we feel you. . . we love you. For children with a promise inside, a day is brightened with your light of love and hope. And the pain becomes the truth and the truth becomes the light and the light becomes redeeming. Sweetie boy, I know your soul has always been blessed. . . for us and for many you are a blessing, an angel and pure love. We miss you and love you. Dad (pops) 1/3 

STEINBERG--Ethel Bookhalter, 97, on January 12, 2016. Born in Winnipeg, Manitoba and died in New York City. An independent woman ahead of her time, she was a Captain in the Canadian Army, and then a pediatrician serving the children of the New York City area. She shared her love of reading with her family and then as a volunteer with the New York City Public Schools. Survived by Herman, her devoted husband of 65 years, daughters Susan, Judith (Howard), Leslie, and Joan, grandchildren Aaron (Jillanne), Anne, David, Paul (Naeha), Rachel (Christopher), and Nathan, and great-grandchildren Thomas and Leena. All who knew her will remember her for her vitality. Gifts may be made in her memory to the New York Public Library. Service on Thursday, January 14 at 1pm at Star of David Funeral Home, 1240 Wellwood Avenue, West Babylon, NY. For more information: jewish-funeral-home.com. 1/3 STEINBERG--Ethel Bookhalter, 97, on January 12, 2016. Born in Winnipeg, Manitoba and died in New York City. An independent woman ahead of her time, she was a Captain in the Canadian Army, and then a pediatrician serving the children of the New York City area. She shared her love of reading with her family and then as a volunteer with the New York City Public Schools. Survived by Herman, her devoted husband of 65 years, daughters Susan, Judith (Howard), Leslie, and Joan, grandchildren Aaron (Jillanne), Anne, David, Paul (Naeha), Rachel (Christopher), and Nathan, and great-grandchildren Thomas and Leena. All who knew her will remember her for her vitality. Gifts may be made in her memory to the New York Public Library. Service on Thursday, January 14 at 1pm at Star of David Funeral Home, 1240 Wellwood Avenue, West Babylon, NY. For more information: jewish-funeral-home.com. 1/3 

KNOCK--Joseph Ray, Esq.,died on January 2, 2016 in Paris, France. He is mourned by his wife, Caroline de Messieres, his daughters, Rachel Marschang and Shanti Knock, their mother, Patricia Knock, and his grandsons Abrahim, Ian and Jad. 1/3 KNOCK--Joseph Ray, Esq.,died on January 2, 2016 in Paris, France. He is mourned by his wife, Caroline de Messieres, his daughters, Rachel Marschang and Shanti Knock, their mother, Patricia Knock, and his grandsons Abrahim, Ian and Jad. 1/3 

PRESENT--Daniel H.,M.D. We at the Mount Sinai Health System are saddened by the passing of Daniel H. Present, M.D., a beloved physician who, in a five-decade career at Mount Sinai, was at the forefront of research into the diagnosis and treatment of inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD). Dr. Present was the first researcher to show the effectiveness of an immunosuppressant, 6-mercaptopurine (6-MP), in fighting Crohn's disease. When Dr. Present published his results in The New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM) in 1980, it changed the lives of thousands of Crohn's patients. Later, he studied the use of cyclosporine for severe steroid- refractory ulcerative colitis, and demonstrated that it could help avoid or delay colectomies in many of these seriously ill patients. In a third breakthrough in the late 1990s, Dr. Present studied cA2, also known as infliximab, an anti-tumor necrosis factor antibody, and showed, in another seminal paper in the NEJM, that it could help close fistulas in Crohn's patients. Early in his career at Mount Sinai, he was mentored by Henry D. Janowitz, M.D., for whom the Division of Gastroenterology is named. Dr. Present was also a talented clinician who cared for thousands of patients over his career. Over a decade ago, he and his wife, Jane, established an endowed fellowship at Mount Sinai to train graduates from outside institutions to become experts in the care of patients with Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. Dr. and Mrs. Present also maintained a foundation for clinical research of IBD. Upon his retirement from Mount Sinai in 2014, the foundation donated its principal in support of The Susan and Leonard Feinstein Inflammatory Bowel Disease Clinical Center at Mount Sinai. We extend our deepest sympathies to Jane and their children, Douglas, Stephanie, and Tracy, at this difficult time. Peter W. May, Chairman, Boards of Trustees, Mount Sinai Health System Kenneth L. Davis, M.D., President and Chief Executive Officer, Mount Sinai Health System Dennis S. Charney, M.D. Anne and Joel Ehrenkranz Dean, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, President for Academic Affairs, Mount Sinai Health System 1/3 PRESENT--Daniel H.,M.D. We at the Mount Sinai Health System are saddened by the passing of Daniel H. Present, M.D., a beloved physician who, in a five-decade career at Mount Sinai, was at the forefront of research into the diagnosis and treatment of inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD). Dr. Present was the first researcher to show the effectiveness of an immunosuppressant, 6-mercaptopurine (6-MP), in fighting Crohn's disease. When Dr. Present published his results in The New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM) in 1980, it changed the lives of thousands of Crohn's patients. Later, he studied the use of cyclosporine for severe steroid- refractory ulcerative colitis, and demonstrated that it could help avoid or delay colectomies in many of these seriously ill patients. In a third breakthrough in the late 1990s, Dr. Present studied cA2, also known as infliximab, an anti-tumor necrosis factor antibody, and showed, in another seminal paper in the NEJM, that it could help close fistulas in Crohn's patients. Early in his career at Mount Sinai, he was mentored by Henry D. Janowitz, M.D., for whom the Division of Gastroenterology is named. Dr. Present was also a talented clinician who cared for thousands of patients over his career. Over a decade ago, he and his wife, Jane, established an endowed fellowship at Mount Sinai to train graduates from outside institutions to become experts in the care of patients with Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. Dr. and Mrs. Present also maintained a foundation for clinical research of IBD. Upon his retirement from Mount Sinai in 2014, the foundation donated its principal in support of The Susan and Leonard Feinstein Inflammatory Bowel Disease Clinical Center at Mount Sinai. We extend our deepest sympathies to Jane and their children, Douglas, Stephanie, and Tracy, at this difficult time. Peter W. May, Chairman, Boards of Trustees, Mount Sinai Health System Kenneth L. Davis, M.D., President and Chief Executive Officer, Mount Sinai Health System Dennis S. Charney, M.D. Anne and Joel Ehrenkranz Dean, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, President for Academic Affairs, Mount Sinai Health System 1/3 

SPOKOJNY--Dr. Artur. May 10, 1955-January 7,2014. Shabbat Bo, 1/15-16, is Artur's 2nd yartzeit. Time cannot erase our love, dear Artur. 1/3 SPOKOJNY--Dr. Artur. May 10, 1955-January 7,2014. Shabbat Bo, 1/15-16, is Artur's 2nd yartzeit. Time cannot erase our love, dear Artur. 1/3 

PRESENT--Daniel H.,M.D. The Association of the Attending Staff of the Mount Sinai Hospital mourns the passing of a beloved colleague, mentor, and friend. Clinical Professor of Medicine, Dr. Present combined an active clinical practice with prolific ground-breaking research in Gastroenterology. In the tradition of Drs. Crohn, Ginsberg, and Oppenheimer, he continued Mount Sinai's pioneering work in the study of inflammatory bowel diseases. Through his investigations, an important class of medications was added in treating Colitis and Crohn's Disease. He was awarded the prestigious Jacobi Medallion in 1991 and was a great supporter of the institution. A long term AAS board member, he served as President of the physicians' organization from 1979-1980. Dr. Present will be remembered for his outstanding contributions to the School and Hospital, and his commitment to excellence. His legacy will continue in the generations of students he taught and the many lives he touched. We extend condolences to his wife Jane and his entire family. Eric Neibart, M.D., President Mark Reiner, M.D., Vice President Amy Weinstein, Administrator 1/3 PRESENT--Daniel H.,M.D. The Association of the Attending Staff of the Mount Sinai Hospital mourns the passing of a beloved colleague, mentor, and friend. Clinical Professor of Medicine, Dr. Present combined an active clinical practice with prolific ground-breaking research in Gastroenterology. In the tradition of Drs. Crohn, Ginsberg, and Oppenheimer, he continued Mount Sinai's pioneering work in the study of inflammatory bowel diseases. Through his investigations, an important class of medications was added in treating Colitis and Crohn's Disease. He was awarded the prestigious Jacobi Medallion in 1991 and was a great supporter of the institution. A long term AAS board member, he served as President of the physicians' organization from 1979-1980. Dr. Present will be remembered for his outstanding contributions to the School and Hospital, and his commitment to excellence. His legacy will continue in the generations of students he taught and the many lives he touched. We extend condolences to his wife Jane and his entire family. Eric Neibart, M.D., President Mark Reiner, M.D., Vice President Amy Weinstein, Administrator 1/3 

BISHOP--Franklin G. (Jerry), January 14, 1996. Twenty years. Still sorely missed. Evelyn 1/3 BISHOP--Franklin G. (Jerry), January 14, 1996. Twenty years. Still sorely missed. Evelyn 1/3 

BARNET--Sylvan, born in Brooklyn, New York, on December 11, 1926, died at home in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on January 9, 2016. He served in the U.S. Army during World War II, then graduated from New York University (1948), Phi Beta Kappa, and entered the graduate program at Harvard (Ph.D. in English Language and Literature, 1954), where he wrote a prize-winning essay on Shakespeare. He spent his entire teaching career at Tufts University (1954-84), serving twice as chair of the Department of English. He published a number of essays in scholarly journals, a popular introduction to Shakespeare, and he served as General Editor of The Signet Classic Shakespeare, a paperback series (one play per volume) that is widely used in colleges and universities. He was also the author or co-author of several widely used textbooks-on argument (with Hugo Bedau, late of the Tufts Department of Philosophy), art, composition, drama, and literature, including "A Short Guide to Writing about Art" (now in its 11th edition), and "Introduction to Literature" (16th edition). In 1963, he and William Burto (his partner since 1952, deceased 2013) developed an interest in Japanese art, especially calligraphy, and they went on to build a collection that was exhibited in the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Freer Gallery, the Harvard Art Museum, and the Museum of Fine Art, Houston. The Metropolitan exhibition was accompanied by a catalog by Miyeko Murase, "The Written Image" (2002), to which Barnet and Burto contributed two essays, one on collecting, the other on looking at calligraphy from a Western point of view. (After Burto's death their collection was divided among the first four of these museums.) He and Burto also wrote "Zen Ink Paintings" (1982) as well as several essays on Japanese art. As a teacher of English literature, he was familiar with a good deal of writing about death. Among the favorite passages he carried in his head-he could not understand why some educators disparage "rote memory"-were Shakespeare's "Golden lads and girls all must/As chimney sweepers come to dust." and this epitaph by Sir Henry Wotton (1568-1639), "Upon the Death of Sir Albert Morton's Wife": "He first deceased; she for a little tried/To live without him, liked it not, and died." (Barnet said, shortly after the death of his partner, that Wotton's lines came to his mind every day, and that he regretted, every day, his inability to re-enact them.) He leaves his sister-in-law Saretta Barnet, a niece and three nephews and their spouses, nine grandnephews and nieces, a great-grandnephew and niece, and his longtime friend, Morton Berman. Most of his estate was bequeathed to a scholarship fund at Tufts, in honor of his parents, Philip and Esther Barnet. By his wish there will be no services. 1/3 BARNET--Sylvan, born in Brooklyn, New York, on December 11, 1926, died at home in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on January 9, 2016. He served in the U.S. Army during World War II, then graduated from New York University (1948), Phi Beta Kappa, and entered the graduate program at Harvard (Ph.D. in English Language and Literature, 1954), where he wrote a prize-winning essay on Shakespeare. He spent his entire teaching career at Tufts University (1954-84), serving twice as chair of the Department of English. He published a number of essays in scholarly journals, a popular introduction to Shakespeare, and he served as General Editor of The Signet Classic Shakespeare, a paperback series (one play per volume) that is widely used in colleges and universities. He was also the author or co-author of several widely used textbooks-on argument (with Hugo Bedau, late of the Tufts Department of Philosophy), art, composition, drama, and literature, including "A Short Guide to Writing about Art" (now in its 11th edition), and "Introduction to Literature" (16th edition). In 1963, he and William Burto (his partner since 1952, deceased 2013) developed an interest in Japanese art, especially calligraphy, and they went on to build a collection that was exhibited in the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Freer Gallery, the Harvard Art Museum, and the Museum of Fine Art, Houston. The Metropolitan exhibition was accompanied by a catalog by Miyeko Murase, "The Written Image" (2002), to which Barnet and Burto contributed two essays, one on collecting, the other on looking at calligraphy from a Western point of view. (After Burto's death their collection was divided among the first four of these museums.) He and Burto also wrote "Zen Ink Paintings" (1982) as well as several essays on Japanese art. As a teacher of English literature, he was familiar with a good deal of writing about death. Among the favorite passages he carried in his head-he could not understand why some educators disparage "rote memory"-were Shakespeare's "Golden lads and girls all must/As chimney sweepers come to dust." and this epitaph by Sir Henry Wotton (1568-1639), "Upon the Death of Sir Albert Morton's Wife": "He first deceased; she for a little tried/To live without him, liked it not, and died." (Barnet said, shortly after the death of his partner, that Wotton's lines came to his mind every day, and that he regretted, every day, his inability to re-enact them.) He leaves his sister-in-law Saretta Barnet, a niece and three nephews and their spouses, nine grandnephews and nieces, a great-grandnephew and niece, and his longtime friend, Morton Berman. Most of his estate was bequeathed to a scholarship fund at Tufts, in honor of his parents, Philip and Esther Barnet. By his wish there will be no services. 1/3 

COOPERSMITH--Jack, of Boca Raton, died on January 10, 2016, at the age of 94. He is survived by his wife of 71 years, Anita Selikoff Coopersmith, his son Jeffrey (Marjie), daughters Leslie (Michael) Greenberg, Amy (Stan) Baratz, grandchildren, Lorie (John) FitzGibbon, Julie Myers, Jarred (Bernadine) Coopersmith, Aubrey (David) Lipscomb, Blake (Sara) Baratz, Justin (Rachel) Baratz, Courtney Baratz (fiancee Ryan Rosoff), great-grandchildren Bexley Baratz, Harlow Baratz, Hannah Lipscomb, Sophie Lipscomb, Lily FitzGibbon and Jane FitzGibbon. Jack thought of himself as one of the luckiest men in the world, with an adoring wife and family who loved him and whom he loved dearly; parents and in-laws who he respected and loved, and a career he enjoyed. He lived the American dream. Jack served in the US Army during World War II, landing in Normandy on D+3. After the war he was a founding partner of Tricap Realty, ultimately joining Leonard Litwin at Glenwood Management. He retired in 1992 as Senior Vice President responsible for all leasing operations. He was a founding member of Temple Avodah, Oceanside, NY. Jack was a man with style, a big heart, engaging charm and a wicked wit. He loved to dance with his wife to Frank Sinatra and big band tunes. He loved playing golf with his many friends at the Boca Woods Country Club. The family requests that memorial donations be made to the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation at: JDRF, 3001 Metro Drive Suite 100, Bloomington, MN 55425, 952-851-0770. 1/3 COOPERSMITH--Jack, of Boca Raton, died on January 10, 2016, at the age of 94. He is survived by his wife of 71 years, Anita Selikoff Coopersmith, his son Jeffrey (Marjie), daughters Leslie (Michael) Greenberg, Amy (Stan) Baratz, grandchildren, Lorie (John) FitzGibbon, Julie Myers, Jarred (Bernadine) Coopersmith, Aubrey (David) Lipscomb, Blake (Sara) Baratz, Justin (Rachel) Baratz, Courtney Baratz (fiancee Ryan Rosoff), great-grandchildren Bexley Baratz, Harlow Baratz, Hannah Lipscomb, Sophie Lipscomb, Lily FitzGibbon and Jane FitzGibbon. Jack thought of himself as one of the luckiest men in the world, with an adoring wife and family who loved him and whom he loved dearly; parents and in-laws who he respected and loved, and a career he enjoyed. He lived the American dream. Jack served in the US Army during World War II, landing in Normandy on D+3. After the war he was a founding partner of Tricap Realty, ultimately joining Leonard Litwin at Glenwood Management. He retired in 1992 as Senior Vice President responsible for all leasing operations. He was a founding member of Temple Avodah, Oceanside, NY. Jack was a man with style, a big heart, engaging charm and a wicked wit. He loved to dance with his wife to Frank Sinatra and big band tunes. He loved playing golf with his many friends at the Boca Woods Country Club. The family requests that memorial donations be made to the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation at: JDRF, 3001 Metro Drive Suite 100, Bloomington, MN 55425, 952-851-0770. 1/3 

KELLMAN--Lillian Strauss, librarian and storyteller, died at age 89 this week in her home on Martha's Vineyard. She died peacefully surrounded by her loved ones after battling cancer. She celebrated her 70th wedding anniversary with her loving husband Ray and family in July 2015. 1/3 KELLMAN--Lillian Strauss, librarian and storyteller, died at age 89 this week in her home on Martha's Vineyard. She died peacefully surrounded by her loved ones after battling cancer. She celebrated her 70th wedding anniversary with her loving husband Ray and family in July 2015. 1/3 

MARGULIES--David. Farewell Comrade. And flights of players sing thee to thy rest. The Lunch Bunch 1/3 MARGULIES--David. Farewell Comrade. And flights of players sing thee to thy rest. The Lunch Bunch 1/3 

BRUSTEIN--Irene, 95 years young, passed away on January 12th, predeceased by her loving husband Isidore Brustein M.D., and adored brother, Dr. Harold Schwartz. The loving mother of Roberta/Mark Bergman and Caren Brustein and adoring grandmother of James Ferber, she will be remembered for her fashion flair, love of books and keen interest in current affairs. If there's a Ferragamo boutique in heaven, Irene is already there buying up a storm! Our thanks to her wonderful companion, Bientu Traore and the staff of The 80th Street Residence. There will be a private service. 1/3 BRUSTEIN--Irene, 95 years young, passed away on January 12th, predeceased by her loving husband Isidore Brustein M.D., and adored brother, Dr. Harold Schwartz. The loving mother of Roberta/Mark Bergman and Caren Brustein and adoring grandmother of James Ferber, she will be remembered for her fashion flair, love of books and keen interest in current affairs. If there's a Ferragamo boutique in heaven, Irene is already there buying up a storm! Our thanks to her wonderful companion, Bientu Traore and the staff of The 80th Street Residence. There will be a private service. 1/3 

COHEN--Eileen S. Happy birthday Grandma. With love, Jacob, Eli, James, and Leo 1/3 COHEN--Eileen S. Happy birthday Grandma. With love, Jacob, Eli, James, and Leo 1/3 

MARGULIES--David. Deeply engaged citizen of the world and theatre community, actor David Margulies was admired and loved. His huge appetite for life and work, his endless curiosity and genuine interest in people, current events, history, his love of music and spicy food were boundless. He leaves us with colorful and unforgettable memories of a vivid personality, great vitality, and sharp intellect capped by his beloved straw hats. We love you David. Jon, Sunya, Vicki, Zachary Margulies and Lois Smith. 1/3 MARGULIES--David. Deeply engaged citizen of the world and theatre community, actor David Margulies was admired and loved. His huge appetite for life and work, his endless curiosity and genuine interest in people, current events, history, his love of music and spicy food were boundless. He leaves us with colorful and unforgettable memories of a vivid personality, great vitality, and sharp intellect capped by his beloved straw hats. We love you David. Jon, Sunya, Vicki, Zachary Margulies and Lois Smith. 1/3 

SCAGLIONE--Carolyn, M.D.,of Englewood, NJ died on January 10, 2016, age 88. Known professionally as Carolyn R. Denning, M.D., she was an internationally recognized pediatrician and one of the leading experts in the field of Cystic Fibrosis research and care. Carolyn Rebecca Denning was born on May 30, 1927 in Detroit, MI. She was raised in Franklin, KY and graduated from University of Kentucky in 1947. She graduated from Tulane University School of Medicine with an M.D. degree in 1952. After her internship and residency, she completed a pulmonary fellowship in 1957 at Babies Hospital, at Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center where she worked with Dr. Dorothy Andersen and the group that originally described CF. She spent the remainder of her career in the Metropolitan New York City area. From 1963-1977, she served as Director of Cystic Fibrosis and Pediatric Pulmonary Disease Centers of Babies Hospital, at Columbia Presbyterian. In 1977, she founded the Cystic Fibrosis, Pediatric Pulmonary and GI Center at St. Vincent's Hospital, and served as its Director until retiring in 1995. For over 40 years she cared for hundreds of patients with CF and formed lasting bonds with their families. She trained many of the CF caregivers who are practicing throughout the world today, upholding her standards of care and compassion. She is survived by her husband of 59 years, Peter R. Scaglione, M.D., four sons and seven grandchildren. The family will receive friends at Barrett Funeral Home, 148 Dean Drive, Tenafly, NJ, on Friday, January 15 from 6-9pm and Saturday, January 16 from 12-4pm (3pm Remembrance). In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Research Fund for Cystic Fibrosis, 455 Oradell Ave., Oradell, NJ 07649. A memorial service will be held at later date. 1/3 SCAGLIONE--Carolyn, M.D.,of Englewood, NJ died on January 10, 2016, age 88. Known professionally as Carolyn R. Denning, M.D., she was an internationally recognized pediatrician and one of the leading experts in the field of Cystic Fibrosis research and care. Carolyn Rebecca Denning was born on May 30, 1927 in Detroit, MI. She was raised in Franklin, KY and graduated from University of Kentucky in 1947. She graduated from Tulane University School of Medicine with an M.D. degree in 1952. After her internship and residency, she completed a pulmonary fellowship in 1957 at Babies Hospital, at Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center where she worked with Dr. Dorothy Andersen and the group that originally described CF. She spent the remainder of her career in the Metropolitan New York City area. From 1963-1977, she served as Director of Cystic Fibrosis and Pediatric Pulmonary Disease Centers of Babies Hospital, at Columbia Presbyterian. In 1977, she founded the Cystic Fibrosis, Pediatric Pulmonary and GI Center at St. Vincent's Hospital, and served as its Director until retiring in 1995. For over 40 years she cared for hundreds of patients with CF and formed lasting bonds with their families. She trained many of the CF caregivers who are practicing throughout the world today, upholding her standards of care and compassion. She is survived by her husband of 59 years, Peter R. Scaglione, M.D., four sons and seven grandchildren. The family will receive friends at Barrett Funeral Home, 148 Dean Drive, Tenafly, NJ, on Friday, January 15 from 6-9pm and Saturday, January 16 from 12-4pm (3pm Remembrance). In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Research Fund for Cystic Fibrosis, 455 Oradell Ave., Oradell, NJ 07649. A memorial service will be held at later date. 1/3 

SCHALLER--Ralph F.,died peacefully in his sleep on the morning of January 10, 2016, next to his adored and adoring wife, Roni Schaller, who remained by his side throughout his illness. His friends and family cannot imagine life without him. A memorial to celebrate his life will take place on Sunday, January 17, at 1:30pm, at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Avenue. As Ralph told all who asked, "I had a great life, better than most." 1/3 SCHALLER--Ralph F.,died peacefully in his sleep on the morning of January 10, 2016, next to his adored and adoring wife, Roni Schaller, who remained by his side throughout his illness. His friends and family cannot imagine life without him. A memorial to celebrate his life will take place on Sunday, January 17, at 1:30pm, at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Avenue. As Ralph told all who asked, "I had a great life, better than most." 1/3 

McCORMICK--Edward J.,of Remsenburg, NY, formerly of New York City, died on January 11, 2016. He was 80 years old. He was a graduate of St. Peter's University and New York University School of Law. He is survived by his wife Mary, his four children, and eight grandchildren. Funeral Mass January 15th, 11am, Immaculate Conception Church, Westhampton Beach, NY. 1/3 McCORMICK--Edward J.,of Remsenburg, NY, formerly of New York City, died on January 11, 2016. He was 80 years old. He was a graduate of St. Peter's University and New York University School of Law. He is survived by his wife Mary, his four children, and eight grandchildren. Funeral Mass January 15th, 11am, Immaculate Conception Church, Westhampton Beach, NY. 1/3 

COSTAS--Christophil Basil, of New York, NY, passed away on January 12 at the age of 75. Raised in Brooklyn, he was the adored husband of Elizabeth, a devoted father to Alex and his wife, Jaime, and doting grandfather to Jack and Josephine. Chris was the genuine article, a lover of history, literature, music, fine food and wine. His enthusiasm for life, love of family, sense of humor and kindness touched us all. His spirit will remain with us always. The family will be receiving friends at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home on Friday, January 15. The funeral will be at 9am on Saturday, January 16 at the Holy Trinity Cathedral. 1/3 COSTAS--Christophil Basil, of New York, NY, passed away on January 12 at the age of 75. Raised in Brooklyn, he was the adored husband of Elizabeth, a devoted father to Alex and his wife, Jaime, and doting grandfather to Jack and Josephine. Chris was the genuine article, a lover of history, literature, music, fine food and wine. His enthusiasm for life, love of family, sense of humor and kindness touched us all. His spirit will remain with us always. The family will be receiving friends at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home on Friday, January 15. The funeral will be at 9am on Saturday, January 16 at the Holy Trinity Cathedral. 1/3 

PRESENT-- Dr. Daniel H. A brilliant, creative, and abundantly loved giant has left us. Dr. Daniel H. Present, born April 3, 1934, passed away on January 12th from complication of Parkinson's Disease. He was 81 years old. His passing will be deeply mourned by Jane Werner Present, his wife, partner, lover and best friend of more than 59 years, his three children, their spouses, and four grandchildren, Tracy Present, Stephanie, Michael, Billy and Katherine Podalak, Douglas, Susan, Adam and Margot Present, and his sister Judy Present Liss; his friends, associates and the thousands of lives he touched during his 50 years of practice. Dan graduated from Syracuse University Magna Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa in 1955 and State University of New York Downstate College of Medicine, Magna Cum Laude, in 1959. He completed an internship, medical residency, Gastroenterology residency and GI Fellowship at Mt. Sinai Hospital, and entered private practice in 1964, where he quickly began to focus his attention on the management of Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. He was the recipient of the first research award given by the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America. Dan brought clinical trials into clinical practice. His first paper was accepted for publication in 1966. He subsequently published 329 papers. At the time of his retirement, his publications had been cited more than 15,000 times. During his 54 years at Mt. Sinai, he served as President of both the Association of the Attending Staff and the Alumni Association for which he received the coveted Jacobi Medallion for Conspicuous Service to the Alumni. Dan received every award in his field including the Samuel Bronfman Department of Medicine Distinguished Service Award, The American Gastroenterology Association Distinguished Clinician Award, Master of the American College of Gastroenterology, The WiIIiam Dock, M.D. Master Teacher Award in Medicine State University of New York, the Janssen Award for Outstanding Achievement Award in Clinical Gastroenterology, the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America Lifetime Achievement Award and the George Arents Award for Excellence in Medicine, the highest achievement awarded by Syracuse University. He is generally recognized as having pioneered the way Crohn's disease is treated. More than any recognition, Dan loved taking care of his patients. He loved them and they returned that love many times over. His joy came from sparing his patients the pain, discomfort, and humiliation of inflammatory bowel disease by finding the right combination of medications and thoughtful creativity. He fought against surgery if there was a possible medical solution. He talked with his patients for many more hours than any HMO wouId have allowed. He sat at their bedside and visited them late at night, he celebrated when they felt better. Nothing made him happier than a college student being able to return to school, or a young adult feeling well enough to plan a wedding or bear a child. He loved teaching young Gastroenterologists and, along with a grateful patient, created the Present-Levison fourth year fellowship in Clinical GI, which allowed the brightest young men and women to spend a post-graduate year learning clinical GI at Mt. Sinai. These fellows now care for IBD patients all over the world. Funeral services will be held on Thursday at 12pm at "The Riverside," 180 West 76th St., New York. Contributions in Dan's memory may be made to the Present-Levison Fellowship at Mt. Sinai, and sent to the Division of Gastroenterology, Mt. Sinai Hospital, Box 1069, New York, New York 10029. 1/3 PRESENT-- Dr. Daniel H. A brilliant, creative, and abundantly loved giant has left us. Dr. Daniel H. Present, born April 3, 1934, passed away on January 12th from complication of Parkinson's Disease. He was 81 years old. His passing will be deeply mourned by Jane Werner Present, his wife, partner, lover and best friend of more than 59 years, his three children, their spouses, and four grandchildren, Tracy Present, Stephanie, Michael, Billy and Katherine Podalak, Douglas, Susan, Adam and Margot Present, and his sister Judy Present Liss; his friends, associates and the thousands of lives he touched during his 50 years of practice. Dan graduated from Syracuse University Magna Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa in 1955 and State University of New York Downstate College of Medicine, Magna Cum Laude, in 1959. He completed an internship, medical residency, Gastroenterology residency and GI Fellowship at Mt. Sinai Hospital, and entered private practice in 1964, where he quickly began to focus his attention on the management of Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. He was the recipient of the first research award given by the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America. Dan brought clinical trials into clinical practice. His first paper was accepted for publication in 1966. He subsequently published 329 papers. At the time of his retirement, his publications had been cited more than 15,000 times. During his 54 years at Mt. Sinai, he served as President of both the Association of the Attending Staff and the Alumni Association for which he received the coveted Jacobi Medallion for Conspicuous Service to the Alumni. Dan received every award in his field including the Samuel Bronfman Department of Medicine Distinguished Service Award, The American Gastroenterology Association Distinguished Clinician Award, Master of the American College of Gastroenterology, The WiIIiam Dock, M.D. Master Teacher Award in Medicine State University of New York, the Janssen Award for Outstanding Achievement Award in Clinical Gastroenterology, the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America Lifetime Achievement Award and the George Arents Award for Excellence in Medicine, the highest achievement awarded by Syracuse University. He is generally recognized as having pioneered the way Crohn's disease is treated. More than any recognition, Dan loved taking care of his patients. He loved them and they returned that love many times over. His joy came from sparing his patients the pain, discomfort, and humiliation of inflammatory bowel disease by finding the right combination of medications and thoughtful creativity. He fought against surgery if there was a possible medical solution. He talked with his patients for many more hours than any HMO wouId have allowed. He sat at their bedside and visited them late at night, he celebrated when they felt better. Nothing made him happier than a college student being able to return to school, or a young adult feeling well enough to plan a wedding or bear a child. He loved teaching young Gastroenterologists and, along with a grateful patient, created the Present-Levison fourth year fellowship in Clinical GI, which allowed the brightest young men and women to spend a post-graduate year learning clinical GI at Mt. Sinai. These fellows now care for IBD patients all over the world. Funeral services will be held on Thursday at 12pm at "The Riverside," 180 West 76th St., New York. Contributions in Dan's memory may be made to the Present-Levison Fellowship at Mt. Sinai, and sent to the Division of Gastroenterology, Mt. Sinai Hospital, Box 1069, New York, New York 10029. 1/3 

PRESENT--Dr. Daniel H. Oh Danny Boy, you were a cherished friend to Gil, me, and the whole Cates family. 1/3 PRESENT--Dr. Daniel H. Oh Danny Boy, you were a cherished friend to Gil, me, and the whole Cates family. 1/3 

DIAMOND--Michael. It is with great sadness that we mourn the passing of our colleague and friend, Michael Diamond. Mr. Diamond had served Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation with great distinction as one of our independent directors since our initial public offering. We are grateful for his service and will greatly miss his energy, integrity, wisdom, dedication and commitment to excellence. We extend our sincere condolences to Mr. Diamond's wife, Marilyn, his children, Seth, Cory, Beth and Debra, as well as his ten grandchildren. The Board of Directors and Management of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation 1/3 DIAMOND--Michael. It is with great sadness that we mourn the passing of our colleague and friend, Michael Diamond. Mr. Diamond had served Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation with great distinction as one of our independent directors since our initial public offering. We are grateful for his service and will greatly miss his energy, integrity, wisdom, dedication and commitment to excellence. We extend our sincere condolences to Mr. Diamond's wife, Marilyn, his children, Seth, Cory, Beth and Debra, as well as his ten grandchildren. The Board of Directors and Management of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation 1/3 

Five years into the job, Capuano faces new ownership, a seasoned lineup and higher expectations as he pushes for a third playoff berth in four years. Five years into the job, Capuano faces new ownership, a seasoned lineup and higher expectations as he pushes for a third playoff berth in four years. New York Islanders coach Jack Capuano remains focused on getting team to playoffs for third time in four years as Jonathan Ledecky and Scott Malkin replace Charles Wang as majority owners; is aware that he has less job security now that team's seasoned roster has fostered higher expectations. 

The Oklahoma City Thunder, helped when Dallas sat out its usual starters, beat the visiting Mavericks, 108-89, on Wednesday night. The Oklahoma City Thunder, helped when Dallas sat out its usual starters, beat the visiting Mavericks, 108-89, on Wednesday night. NBA Roundup; Oklahoma City Thunder defeats Dallas Mavericks, 108-89; other basketball scores noted.

Many of the fans at Barclays Center were cheering for the visiting Knicks, but the Nets ground their way to their first victory under the interim coach Tony Brown. Many of the fans at Barclays Center were cheering for the visiting Knicks, but the Nets ground their way to their first victory under the interim coach Tony Brown. Brooklyn Nets defeat New York Knicks, 110-104.

Officials said winning tickets for the record $1.5 billion jackpot were sold in California, Florida and Tennessee. Results from other states were still out. Officials said winning tickets for the record $1.5 billion jackpot were sold in California, Florida and Tennessee. Results from other states were still out. At least one winning Powerball ticket was sold in California; results are still pending from other states.

The rule change is a shift from the past where players had to declare for the draft before the N.B.A. combine and in doing so renounce future college eligibility. The rule change is a shift from the past where players had to declare for the draft before the N.B.A. combine and in doing so renounce future college eligibility. NCAA will now allow underclassmen to return to college after trying out for NBA.

Coach Pete Carroll cautioned that Lynch’s practicing was no indication about whether he would play in an N.F.C. divisional playoff game at Carolina on Sunday. Coach Pete Carroll cautioned that Lynch’s practicing was no indication about whether he would play in an N.F.C. divisional playoff game at Carolina on Sunday. NFL Roundup; Seattle Seahawks running back Marshawn Lynch, who has missed past eight games because of abdominal injury, takes field for practice, but coach Pete Carroll gives no indication whether he will play in upcoming playoff game against Carolina Panthers; other football news noted.

Richard Oates, who left a restaurant career to run a skateboard shop in Brooklyn, was killed by a truck on which he was hitching an illegal ride with his skateboard. Richard Oates, who left a restaurant career to run a skateboard shop in Brooklyn, was killed by a truck on which he was hitching an illegal ride with his skateboard. New York City police report death of Richard Oates, successful Manhattan chef who changed careers to open East River Skate Shop in Greenpoint, Brooklyn; Oates was killed in Lower Manhattan after illegally hitching ride on skateboard by clinging to side of truck and then falling under its rear wheels. 

After Jesus Negron lost his job and his family faced eviction, they helped one another endure 10 months without electricity in their Bronx apartment. After Jesus Negron lost his job and his family faced eviction, they helped one another endure 10 months without electricity in their Bronx apartment. Catholic Charities, one of seven agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, gives Nelson Negron of Bronx financial assistance to aid his education.

Crimes including murder and rape are up across the board in Los Angeles, but the city is still far less violent than it has been in the past, city leaders said. Crimes including murder and rape are up across the board in Los Angeles, but the city is still far less violent than it has been in the past, city leaders said. 

Work is not expected to begin until next year on the tunnel that carries the subway line between Manhattan and Brooklyn, but when it does, it will cause major headaches for many. Work is not expected to begin until next year on the tunnel that carries the subway line between Manhattan and Brooklyn, but when it does, it will cause major headaches for many. Residents of Brooklyn who live along L train subway line are stunned by report that Metropolitan Transportation Authority is considering shutting down tunnel that carries train into and out of Manhattan for at least a year, in order to fix damage caused by Hurricane Sandy.

The widow of a man killed in last month’s terror attack in San Bernardino, Calif., has filed four claims against the county and is seeking damages totaling $58 million. The widow of a man killed in last month’s terror attack in San Bernardino, Calif., has filed four claims against the county and is seeking damages totaling $58 million. Renee Wetzel, wife of Michael Wetzel, one of 14 people killed in San Bernardino, Calif, massacre, files lawsuit against county and seeks $58 million in damages; suit says his death was preventable and caused by negligent actions of respondents. 

The N.F.L.’s decision to allow the St. Louis Rams to move to Los Angeles symbolizes a changing of the guard that may have a lasting impact on how the league operates. The N.F.L.’s decision to allow the St. Louis Rams to move to Los Angeles symbolizes a changing of the guard that may have a lasting impact on how the league operates. Ken Belson On Pro Football column holds that NFL’s decision to allow St Louis Rams to move to Los Angeles area, where stadium will include theater, over-sized campus and more, could have lasting impact on how league operates; notes that some longtime owners bought or inherited teams for very little money, whereas newer owners paid nine- and 10-figure sums--making them eager for returns. 

Operators of 27 oil and natural gas wastewater disposal wells in northwest Oklahoma must reduce volume about 18 percent because of the swarm of moderate earthquakes in the past week. Operators of 27 oil and natural gas wastewater disposal wells in northwest Oklahoma must reduce volume about 18 percent because of the swarm of moderate earthquakes in the past week. Oklahoma Corporation Commission indicates that swarm of moderate earthquakes could be linked to subsurface injection of wastewater from drilling operations and instructs well operators to reduce volume about 18 percent.

A man who acknowledged killing three people at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs said that the shooting was spur of the moment, and that he targeted the clinic because it was “murdering little babies.” A man who acknowledged killing three people at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs said that the shooting was spur of the moment, and that he targeted the clinic because it was “murdering little babies.” Robert Lewis Dear, who killed three people at Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs, Colo, claims in phone interview with local television station that shooting was not planned.

The lawyers say statements made about the case by the prosecutor, Joan Illuzzi, during her campaign to be the Staten Island district attorney made it hard to find an impartial jury. The lawyers say statements made about the case by the prosecutor, Joan Illuzzi, during her campaign to be the Staten Island district attorney made it hard to find an impartial jury. Defense lawyers for Pedro Hernandez request that Manhattan judge bar veteran prosecutor Joan Illuzzi from taking part in prosecution of Etan Patz murder retrial due to comments she made about case during her failed bid for district attorney's seat on Staten Island. 

The government had hoped to integrate the capital, Addis Ababa, with the surrounding area, but the idea touched off a violent response. The government had hoped to integrate the capital, Addis Ababa, with the surrounding area, but the idea touched off a violent response. Ethiopia halts master plan to integrate capital, Addis Ababa, with surrounding area after decision sparked protests and violence that has killed scores of people since late 2015.

The former archbishop of the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis has a new post, in Battle Creek, Mich. The former archbishop of the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis has a new post, in Battle Creek, Mich. 

Serious infections linked to scopes used to examine the small intestine have been more widespread than the F.D.A. knew, though manufacturers are required to report them, a panel says. Serious infections linked to scopes used to examine the small intestine have been more widespread than the F.D.A. knew, though manufacturers are required to report them, a panel says. Senate investigation finds duodenoscopes, medical devices used to examine small intestine, were linked to at least 250 cases of antibiotic-resistant infections worldwide between 2012 and early 2015, far more than 75 cases previously reported; Japanese maker Olympus is accused of failing to report cases.

One or two teams in the Los Angeles market will limit networks&#8217; freedom to show doubleheaders each week. And ratings might not be a positive story even if Los Angeles is the second-largest market in the country. One or two teams in the Los Angeles market will limit networks&#8217; freedom to show doubleheaders each week. And ratings might not be a positive story even if Los Angeles is the second-largest market in the country. Relocation of St Louis Rams to Los Angeles area, along with potential ambitions by San Diego Chargers and Oakland Raiders, leave many wondering how moves will affect broadcasts of games and ratings.

The idea that a concerted government push can lead to a &#8220;cure&#8221; for cancer is nearly a half century old, stretching back to President Nixon&#8217;s failed &#8220;War on Cancer.&#8221; The idea that a concerted government push can lead to a &#8220;cure&#8221; for cancer is nearly a half century old, stretching back to President Nixon&#8217;s failed &#8220;War on Cancer.&#8221; Group of cancer researchers visits office of Vice Pres Joe Biden to offer advice on Biden's 'moonshot' push to cure cancer; experts say Biden's focus, while well-intended, is based on outmoded view of cancer as single disease and effort may prove more unrealistic than he believes.

The vast changes wrought by technology have not expanded economic opportunities or improved access to basic public services in ways that many had expected. The vast changes wrought by technology have not expanded economic opportunities or improved access to basic public services in ways that many had expected. World Bank report says digital technologies are expanding in world, but economic opportunities, including 'digital dividends' like basic public services and employment have fallen behind in some countries; points out 60 percent of world's population has no Internet access.

A gifted running back for Nebraska and the St. Louis Rams, Phillips derailed his career with a series of violent criminal acts off the field. A gifted running back for Nebraska and the St. Louis Rams, Phillips derailed his career with a series of violent criminal acts off the field. Lawrence Lamond Phillips, former University of Nebraska football player and NFL running back whose violent run-ins with law sent him to prison, dies at age 40. 

A metropolitan area with the slogan “Entertainment Capital of the World” is not easily swept off its feet. Still, those who were looking could find bursts of enthusiasm over the return of the N.F.L. A metropolitan area with the slogan “Entertainment Capital of the World” is not easily swept off its feet. Still, those who were looking could find bursts of enthusiasm over the return of the N.F.L. 

Changes in energy prices and dependence on foreign oil had little to do with the stimulus law, experts say, crediting them to government policies, market forces and private sector activities. Changes in energy prices and dependence on foreign oil had little to do with the stimulus law, experts say, crediting them to government policies, market forces and private sector activities. Pres Obama, during State of the Union address, proclaims successes of 2009 economic stimulus funding of clean and renewable energy; experts agree that strides were made in energy under Obama, but say many of changes resulted from government policy, market forces and private sector activity, rather than from stimulus.

A Tufts University professor introduced generations of college students to the bard through the Signet Classic Shakespeare series. A Tufts University professor introduced generations of college students to the bard through the Signet Classic Shakespeare series. Sylvan Saul Barnet,  scholar and former Tufts University professor who was general editor of Signet Classic Shakespeare series, dies at age 89. 

McAdoo, who has been the team’s offensive coordinator for the past two seasons, will replace the longtime coach Tom Coughlin. McAdoo, who has been the team’s offensive coordinator for the past two seasons, will replace the longtime coach Tom Coughlin. New York Giants are reportedly closing in on deal to promote offensive coordinator Ben McAdoo to head coach, replacing Tom Coughlin.

Conversations between the drug lord Joaquín Guzmán Loera and the actress Kate del Castillo offer a window into the psyche of one of the world’s most wanted criminals. Conversations between the drug lord Joaquín Guzmán Loera and the actress Kate del Castillo offer a window into the psyche of one of the world’s most wanted criminals. Cellphone messages reported in Mexican newspaper detail relationship between Mexican television star Kate del Castillo and drug lord Joaquin Guzman Loera; messages offer rare insight into psyche of infamous recently recaptured criminal, arguably more than Sean Penn article in Rolling Stone.

Low oil prices could seriously damage the effort to defeat the Islamic State. Low oil prices could seriously damage the effort to defeat the Islamic State. Editorial warns recent success in fight against Islamic State is threatened by plummeting price of oil, which affects Iraqi and Kurdish authorities' ability to pay their security forces; calls on United States to facilitate new funding sources without resorting to cash payments.

A merger boom last year has set the stage for a string of big bond transactions in 2016 as companies finance those purchases. A merger boom last year has set the stage for a string of big bond transactions in 2016 as companies finance those purchases. Anheuser-Busch InBev completes $46 billion bond deal to help finance its purchase of SABMiller.

Ashton B. Carter’s speech came as the Obama administration was trying to convince an apprehensive public that its strategy to destroy the Islamic State would be effective. Ashton B. Carter’s speech came as the Obama administration was trying to convince an apprehensive public that its strategy to destroy the Islamic State would be effective. Defense Sec Ashton B Carter gives positive appraisal of Obama administration's attempts to defeat Islamic State; cites new missions by Special Operations forces.

The Tigers now have consecutive victories over ranked opponents for the first time since the 1989 season. The Tigers now have consecutive victories over ranked opponents for the first time since the 1989 season. College Basketball Roundup; Clemson men's basketball team defeats Duke, 68-63; other men's and women's scores noted.

According to a new initiative pushed by the Yankees’ Carlos Beltran, each of the league’s 30 teams will provide a full-time interpreter for Spanish-speaking players. According to a new initiative pushed by the Yankees’ Carlos Beltran, each of the league’s 30 teams will provide a full-time interpreter for Spanish-speaking players. Major League Baseball is requiring all teams to provide full-time interpreter for Spanish-speaking players, part of new initiative pushed by New York Yankees designated hitter Carlos Beltran.

New evidence of the torture and deaths of detainees in police custody in Tunisia has emerged, indicating a rise in repression as the government seeks to crack down on terrorism. New evidence of the torture and deaths of detainees in police custody in Tunisia has emerged, indicating a rise in repression as the government seeks to crack down on terrorism. 

Since New York City lifted its long-held prohibition on cellphones in schools, teenagers have been eating up their schools' bandwidth. Since New York City lifted its long-held prohibition on cellphones in schools, teenagers have been eating up their schools' bandwidth. Bronx High School of Science administration informs students they can no longer connect to school's Wi-Fi network using cellphones; lifting of ban by New York City Education Dept on cellphones in school buildings had left inadequate bandwidth for teachers using Internet as instructional tool.

John R. Houser, who had a history of mental illness, denigrated women, blacks and gay people in the journal he kept before killing two people and himself in July. John R. Houser, who had a history of mental illness, denigrated women, blacks and gay people in the journal he kept before killing two people and himself in July. Journal left behind by John R Houser, who carried out mass shooting at Lafayette, La, movie theater in July 2015, contains chilling references to violence, South Carolina mass shooter Dylann Roof and invective against women, blacks, gays and news media.

The drug maker’s acting C.E.O., Howard B. Schiller, said it was uncertain when J. Michael Pearson, who Valeant said had been hospitalized with severe pneumonia, would be back. The drug maker’s acting C.E.O., Howard B. Schiller, said it was uncertain when J. Michael Pearson, who Valeant said had been hospitalized with severe pneumonia, would be back. Valeant Pharmaceuticals interim chief executive Howard B Schiller says it is unclear when J Michael Pearson will return as chief; Pearson is recovering from pneumonia.

As city officials, civic leaders and residents confront the latest defeat, they find themselves calculating what the loss means and how to move forward. As city officials, civic leaders and residents confront the latest defeat, they find themselves calculating what the loss means and how to move forward. Impending departure of St Louis Rams, which is preparing to move west to Los Angeles, deals blow to city that has suffered shrinking population, economic decline and racial unrest.

On Friday, the American Museum of Natural History will unveil the cast of a 122-foot-long dinosaur that is one of the largest ever found. It is too big, in fact, to fit completely inside its new home. On Friday, the American Museum of Natural History will unveil the cast of a 122-foot-long dinosaur that is one of the largest ever found. It is too big, in fact, to fit completely inside its new home. American Museum of Natural History is preparing to unveil cast of 122-foot-long dinosaur, which is as yet unnamed yet belongs to group known as titanosaurs; new species was discovered in Argentina in 2014 and museum president Ellen V Futter believes exhibition will join ranks of museum's other iconic exhibits.

Alfredo Hawit of Honduras, who was president of Concacaf and a vice president of FIFA, pleaded not guilty to charges including wire fraud, money laundering and racketeering conspiracy. Alfredo Hawit of Honduras, who was president of Concacaf and a vice president of FIFA, pleaded not guilty to charges including wire fraud, money laundering and racketeering conspiracy. Former FIFA official Alfredo Hawit of Honduras is extradited to United States from Zurich to face charges in connection with sprawling corruption case; pleads not guilty to charges against him, which include bribery, wire fraud, money laundering and racketeering.

The mosquito-borne virus has been linked to brain damage in newborn babies in Brazil and other Latin American and Caribbean nations. The mosquito-borne virus has been linked to brain damage in newborn babies in Brazil and other Latin American and Caribbean nations. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is questioning whether to advise women not to travel to Brazil and other Latin American and Caribbean countries affected by mosquito-borne Zika virus, which has been linked to infant brain damage; if carried out, warning would be first time center has recommended against pregnant women traveling to specific region during outbreak.

Curators hope a casting of a 122-foot long fossil can top a dinosaur exhibit that draws big crowds. Curators hope a casting of a 122-foot long fossil can top a dinosaur exhibit that draws big crowds. 

Secure in his leadership, Speaker Paul D. Ryan has embraced an ambitious agenda, while his counterpart in the Senate, Mitch McConnell, keeps an eye on his tenuous majority. Secure in his leadership, Speaker Paul D. Ryan has embraced an ambitious agenda, while his counterpart in the Senate, Mitch McConnell, keeps an eye on his tenuous majority. Congressional Memo; House Speaker Paul D Ryan and Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell are carrying out vastly different agendas for Republican Party; Ryan is pushing for aggressive Republican policy plan, while McConnell has demurred on decisive action while seeking to maintain tenuous hold on majority.

As Mr. Cruz tells it, loyalty and sacrifice helped finance his 2012 Senate bid in Texas. Turns out, a Goldman Sachs loan did as well. As Mr. Cruz tells it, loyalty and sacrifice helped finance his 2012 Senate bid in Texas. Turns out, a Goldman Sachs loan did as well. Campaign finance reports filed by Sen Ted Cruz's campaign in bid for United States Senate in 2012 reveal that $1 million loan given by Goldman Sachs, where Cruz's wife Heidi works, was not disclosed; Cruz has often said in past that he and his wife liquidated their entire net worth to fund campaign, claim not borne out by personal financial disclosures Cruz has made.

The versatile Mr. Bedford gained renown at Stratford in Canada and on Broadway portraying dozens of characters, most notably in works by Shakespeare, Molière and Chekhov. The versatile Mr. Bedford gained renown at Stratford in Canada and on Broadway portraying dozens of characters, most notably in works by Shakespeare, Molière and Chekhov. Brian Bedford, director and acclaimed theater, film and television actor, who provided voice for Robin Hood in 1973 Disney classic, dies at 80. 

The sleight of hand, of sorts, that goes into awards-show maneuvering can be very obvious. The sleight of hand, of sorts, that goes into awards-show maneuvering can be very obvious. Cara Buckley The Carpetbagger column analyzes winning of The Martian for Golden Globes best musical or comedy film to highlight controversial studio strategy of re-classifying films and stars to fit coveted award categories.

Goldman Sachs pointed out to the S.E.C. that one exchange should not have an unfair advantage over another in its control of market data. Goldman Sachs pointed out to the S.E.C. that one exchange should not have an unfair advantage over another in its control of market data. 

Since learning he was terminally ill, Mr. James has been working at full speed, producing books of poetry and essays a well as a translation of Dante’s “Divine Comedy.” Since learning he was terminally ill, Mr. James has been working at full speed, producing books of poetry and essays a well as a translation of Dante’s “Divine Comedy.” Dwight Garner reviews Clive James books Latest Readings and poetry book Sentenced to Life.

Cate Blanchett, Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Lawrence, Sean Penn and Madonna hit the Golden Globes party circuit. Cate Blanchett, Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Lawrence, Sean Penn and Madonna hit the Golden Globes party circuit. Different celebrity cliques, including many Hollywood couples, cluster at various parties during Golden Globes weekend.

Opening night featured the Martha Graham Dance Company and Reggie Wilson/Fist and Heel Performance Group. Opening night featured the Martha Graham Dance Company and Reggie Wilson/Fist and Heel Performance Group. Alastair Macaulay reviews dance performances by Martha Graham Dance Company and Reggie Wilson/Fist and Heel Performance Group at Joyce Theater as part of its American Dance Platform festival.

The drummer Mr. Smith is joined by the violist Mat Maneri and the pianist Craig Taborn on this new album, which offers a variety of musical styles. The drummer Mr. Smith is joined by the violist Mat Maneri and the pianist Craig Taborn on this new album, which offers a variety of musical styles. Ben Ratliff reviews album The Bell by jazz drummer Ches Smith. 

Ms. Oropesa, a lyric soprano, performed a song recital with the pianist John Churchwell in the Board of Officers Room at the Park Avenue Armory. Ms. Oropesa, a lyric soprano, performed a song recital with the pianist John Churchwell in the Board of Officers Room at the Park Avenue Armory. Anthony Tommasini reviews song recital by soprano Lisette Oropesa and pianist John Churchwell at Park Avenue Armory's Board of Officers Room. 

Rova Saxophone Quartet’s new release, chronicling a 2012 concert in Ontario, includes an album, two films and an expanded roster. Rova Saxophone Quartet’s new release, chronicling a 2012 concert in Ontario, includes an album, two films and an expanded roster. Nate Chinen reviews album Rova Channeling Coltrane by free jazz group Rova Saxophone Quartet. 

Statistical studies suggest that immigrants to the United States commit fewer crimes than natives, despite claims to the contrary by some politicians. Statistical studies suggest that immigrants to the United States commit fewer crimes than natives, despite claims to the contrary by some politicians. Report issued by American Immigration Council finds immigrants in United States are much more law-abiding than natural-born citizens, regardless of race, class or education.

A band that now consists of its frontman, Brendon Urie, releases an album that reflects on changed circumstances. A band that now consists of its frontman, Brendon Urie, releases an album that reflects on changed circumstances. Nate Chinen reviews album Death of a Bachelor by rock band Panic! at the Disco. 

Economic activity expanded in nine of the nation&#8217;s 12 districts, the Fed said in its Beige Book report of anecdotal information on business activity. Economic activity expanded in nine of the nation&#8217;s 12 districts, the Fed said in its Beige Book report of anecdotal information on business activity. Federal Reserve's Beige Book report indicates economic activity rose in nine of country's 12 districts. 

Conspiratorial and sci-fi elements dominate this new series, whose 10-episode season is set in the near future. Conspiratorial and sci-fi elements dominate this new series, whose 10-episode season is set in the near future. Mike Hale reviews USA network sci-fi series Colony, starring Josh Holloway and Sarah Wayne Callies. 

Michigan officials are investigating whether an outbreak of the ailment was linked to a change in the city’s water system. Michigan officials are investigating whether an outbreak of the ailment was linked to a change in the city’s water system. 

In this sitcom, starring Jillian Bell and Charlotte Newhouse, a woman agrees to babysit an immature adult with benign but neglectful wealthy parents. In this sitcom, starring Jillian Bell and Charlotte Newhouse, a woman agrees to babysit an immature adult with benign but neglectful wealthy parents. Mike Hale reviews Comedy Central series Idiotsitter, starring Jillian Bell and Charlotte Newhouse.

In the new 30-second clip, Mrs. Clinton cites her support for the president’s gun-control measures, a indirect reminder of what she has called Mr. Sanders’s reluctance to stand up to the gun industry. In the new 30-second clip, Mrs. Clinton cites her support for the president’s gun-control measures, a indirect reminder of what she has called Mr. Sanders’s reluctance to stand up to the gun industry. 

Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo delivered his annual address on Wednesday in Albany. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo delivered his annual address on Wednesday in Albany. 

Jackson, the Bengals’ offensive coordinator, never got on his scheduled flight to New Jersey on Wednesday and instead agreed to become coach of Cleveland. Jackson, the Bengals’ offensive coordinator, never got on his scheduled flight to New Jersey on Wednesday and instead agreed to become coach of Cleveland. 

The 18-year-old victim was shot in the head, and a second teenager was hospitalized after being shot in the arm. The 18-year-old victim was shot in the head, and a second teenager was hospitalized after being shot in the arm. New York City police say 18-year-old man was killed and 17-year-old boy was wounded in shooting on busy street in East New York neighborhood of Brooklyn.

The Supreme Court is deciding whether the island is an independent sovereign or a territory, a huge matter of pride and politics. The Supreme Court is deciding whether the island is an independent sovereign or a territory, a huge matter of pride and politics. Supreme Court case Puerto Rico v Sanchez Valle, which will weigh whether Puerto Rico is separate sovereign and can then pursue subsequent prosecution for same crime, may force decision on whether commonwealth is territory or independent sovereignty.

Two of Wall Street’s main gauges are down 10 percent from their most recent high, which is called a correction, and the Dow is close. Two of Wall Street’s main gauges are down 10 percent from their most recent high, which is called a correction, and the Dow is close. United States stock market drops due to deepening fears among investors about strength of world's biggest economies, with 2.5 percent drop in Standard & Poor's 500-stock index becoming worst so far in 2016; investors see many risks stemming from China's slowing economy, and face headwind in higher interest rates in US.

A statue of Mao, torn down last week, had been erected in a province devastated by the famine caused by his Great Leap Forward. A statue of Mao, torn down last week, had been erected in a province devastated by the famine caused by his Great Leap Forward. 

The possibility of a sale, which could put the nation’s only black-owned public television station off the air, has caused concern among students, faculty and alumni. The possibility of a sale, which could put the nation’s only black-owned public television station off the air, has caused concern among students, faculty and alumni. Howard University announces it will take part along with other broadcasters in Federal Communications Commission auction; university may sell rights to spectrum on which it broadcasts nation's only black-owned public television station.

In lobbying to move his team, E. Stanley Kroenke did not endear himself to the people of St. Louis, contending that they live in an economic abyss undeserving of the N.F.L. In lobbying to move his team, E. Stanley Kroenke did not endear himself to the people of St. Louis, contending that they live in an economic abyss undeserving of the N.F.L. St Louis Rams owner Stanley Kroenke, a St Louis native, has broken city's heart by relocating team back to Los Angeles metropolitan area; fans are upset over comments Kroneke made in his application to move his franchise, in which he suggested St Louis is unworthy of NFL team.

The visit by Matthias Müller was meant to help VW smooth relations with regulators in the United States. The visit by Matthias Müller was meant to help VW smooth relations with regulators in the United States. Volkswagen chief executive Matthias Muller meets with Environmental Protection Agency administrator Gina McCarthy to discuss automaker's diesel emissions cheating scandal.

The issue before the court is whether the victims of terrorist attacks sponsored by Iran can collect assets from the central bank held in the United States. The issue before the court is whether the victims of terrorist attacks sponsored by Iran can collect assets from the central bank held in the United States. Theodore B Olson, lawyer for Iran's central bank, faces skepticism at Supreme Court while arguing bank does not owe almost $2 billion to victims of terrorist attacks; case was brought by families of Americans killed in attacks sponsored by Iran.

Employees may contribute money pretax from their paychecks to health savings accounts for use to cover eligible medical costs. Employees may contribute money pretax from their paychecks to health savings accounts for use to cover eligible medical costs. 

Among the equipment available for smartphones and tablets are a controller, power source, headphones and backpack. Among the equipment available for smartphones and tablets are a controller, power source, headphones and backpack. Gadgetwise column; mobile gaming hardware for tablets and smartphones highlighted.

James Passin of Firebird Management says he believes the neo-Stalinist country holds extensive oil reserves. James Passin of Firebird Management says he believes the neo-Stalinist country holds extensive oil reserves. Firebird Management hedge fund manager James Passin is investing $7 million in North Korea, betting neo-Stalinist state harbors as much as billion barrels of oil; with American sanctions in place, risks are high.

Court actions and laws have tried to address the issue, and the case has been scrutinized by groups devoted to keeping battlefield credit where it is due. Court actions and laws have tried to address the issue, and the case has been scrutinized by groups devoted to keeping battlefield credit where it is due. 

Aravena, de 48 años, afirmó en una entrevista que su trabajo responde más a las necesidades públicas que al diseño estético. Aravena, de 48 años, afirmó en una entrevista que su trabajo responde más a las necesidades públicas que al diseño estético. 

A candid exchange in 1983 is sobering for its continued relevance and useful for what it says about Mr. Bowie’s sense of social awareness. A candid exchange in 1983 is sobering for its continued relevance and useful for what it says about Mr. Bowie’s sense of social awareness. Wesley Morris Critic's Notebook recounts how David Bowie used his musical stardom, rebellious streak and white male status to prod MTV during 1983 interview about lack of black artists on music video channel.

The plan would reduce the impact of higher capital requirements if the company loses its fight with regulators over labeling MetLife a systemically important financial institution. The plan would reduce the impact of higher capital requirements if the company loses its fight with regulators over labeling MetLife a systemically important financial institution. 

Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo outlined budget cuts and spending initiatives for city programs that nearly guaranteed to extend the feud between him and Mayor Bill de Blasio. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo outlined budget cuts and spending initiatives for city programs that nearly guaranteed to extend the feud between him and Mayor Bill de Blasio. New York Gov Andrew M Cuomo's State of State address contains bad news for New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who must account for hundreds of millions of dollars in funding that Cuomo says state will no longer provide, week before de Blasio must present city's budget.

An avalanche at the Deux-Alpes ski resort swept away a group of 10 teenagers from Lyon and three supervisors, as well as a Ukrainian skier. An avalanche at the Deux-Alpes ski resort swept away a group of 10 teenagers from Lyon and three supervisors, as well as a Ukrainian skier. Avalanche strikes students skiing in French Alps, sweeping away 19 teenagers and three instructors and killing at least three people.

In culture today, size shaming remains a hot-button issue, as shown in “Beyond Measure: Fashion and the Plus-Size Woman,” an exhibition at N.Y.U. In culture today, size shaming remains a hot-button issue, as shown in “Beyond Measure: Fashion and the Plus-Size Woman,” an exhibition at N.Y.U. Exhibit Beyond Measure: Fashion and the Plus-Size Woman, organized by graduate students in costume studies program at New York University's Steinhardt School, examines deep roots of fashion's prejudice against full-figured women; exhibit is on view at university's 80WSE gallery.

The executive arm of the European Union said it was investigating whether recent actions by the new right-wing Polish government had violated democratic norms. The executive arm of the European Union said it was investigating whether recent actions by the new right-wing Polish government had violated democratic norms. European Commission begins formal inquiry into whether Poland's new right-wing government has approved legal changes, including one that gives it more power over nation's public broadcasting system, that violate European Union rules of democracy. 

David Bowie’s gender-bending performances and cultural fluidity inspired a generation of gay, lesbian and transgender people. David Bowie’s gender-bending performances and cultural fluidity inspired a generation of gay, lesbian and transgender people. 

Phillips, 40, a star Nebraska player whose N.F.L. career was derailed by off-field problems, had been serving a 31-year-4-month sentence in Bakersfield, Calif. Phillips, 40, a star Nebraska player whose N.F.L. career was derailed by off-field problems, had been serving a 31-year-4-month sentence in Bakersfield, Calif. 

CES, the consumer electronics show held last week in Las Vegas, featured a number of apps, including a new entrant in the live streaming category. CES, the consumer electronics show held last week in Las Vegas, featured a number of apps, including a new entrant in the live streaming category. Kit Eaton App Smart column highlights standout apps from International Consumer Electronics Show.

Mr. Trump may well win the caucuses, but if he does, it will probably be in spite of his organizing team, which is still committing basic organizing errors. Mr. Trump may well win the caucuses, but if he does, it will probably be in spite of his organizing team, which is still committing basic organizing errors. Donald J Trump's organizing team in Iowa is carrying out slipshod effort in comparison to other candidates, giving impression that his ground game there is afterthought; Trump's apparent strategy of leveraging his charisma to motivate voters may backfire in state where field teams are often necessary to motivate caucus-goers.

The N.F.L. is returning to Los Angeles after 21 years, but on the day the hiatus began, when the Rams and the Raiders left town, nobody saw it coming. The N.F.L. is returning to Los Angeles after 21 years, but on the day the hiatus began, when the Rams and the Raiders left town, nobody saw it coming. Few fans showed up in Anaheim to watch Rams final game before team moved to St Louis in 1995; scene was much different in Los Angeles as Raiders played their last game in Los Angeles to large, boisterous crowd.

Readers mostly praise the president’s speech as hopeful and inclusive. Readers mostly praise the president’s speech as hopeful and inclusive. 

The network hopes to air the musical in December, the chairman of NBC Entertainment said on Wednesday. The network hopes to air the musical in December, the chairman of NBC Entertainment said on Wednesday. NBC Entertainment plans to air new production of Hairspray in 2016, continuing network’s three-year-old tradition of presenting live musicals in December.

A prison official was charged with the theft of 30 miles of pavement in a thinly populated, heavily forested region of northern Russia. A prison official was charged with the theft of 30 miles of pavement in a thinly populated, heavily forested region of northern Russia. Russian newspaper Kommersant reports that senior prison official Alexander Protopopov allegedly stole and sold over 7,000 slabs of concrete from 30-mile stretch of public highway in northern Russia's Komi Republic.

The Antiquities Coalition and the Asia Society issue a call to action to prohibit trade in cultural property. The Antiquities Coalition and the Asia Society issue a call to action to prohibit trade in cultural property. 

Ms. Badawi, who has campaigned for the release of her imprisoned brother and former husband, was questioned in a police station and held overnight. Ms. Badawi, who has campaigned for the release of her imprisoned brother and former husband, was questioned in a police station and held overnight. Saudi Arabia releases human rights activist Samar Badawi, one day after advocacy groups reported she had been arrested.

The director discusses a sequence where the lead character Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio) escapes from attackers by river. The director discusses a sequence where the lead character Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio) escapes from attackers by river. 

The cable news outlet, which began broadcasting in August 2013, said it would expand its digital presence in the United States. The cable news outlet, which began broadcasting in August 2013, said it would expand its digital presence in the United States. Cable news channel Al Jazeera America is closing by end of April; move comes after struggle to attract viewers and find niche.

In his State of the Union speech, President Obama implored the two political parties to “fix our politics” through compromise and cooperation and civility. In his State of the Union speech, President Obama implored the two political parties to “fix our politics” through compromise and cooperation and civility. News Analysis; Pres Obama's call in his State of the Union address to fix American politics has triggered self-examination on both sides of political divide and some admission of fault by both Republicans and Democrats; both parties trace much of hostility back several decades to Reagan administration, and rancor has intensified since then, particularly under Obama.

The company, PacRe, was set up in 2012 by the hedge fund manager John Paulson, but has stopped writing policies as scrutiny of these offshore tax strategies rises. The company, PacRe, was set up in 2012 by the hedge fund manager John Paulson, but has stopped writing policies as scrutiny of these offshore tax strategies rises. PacRe, Bermuda-based reinsurance company set up by hedge fund manager John A Paulson, is closing amid increased scrutiny of offshore tax strategies.

The Rockefeller Foundation and Oxfam America expand on an Op-Ed article’s thesis. The Rockefeller Foundation and Oxfam America expand on an Op-Ed article’s thesis. 

The American Gaming Association writes that casino gaming “is a form of mainstream entertainment that supports 1.7 million American jobs.” The American Gaming Association writes that casino gaming “is a form of mainstream entertainment that supports 1.7 million American jobs.” 

Kentucky is the first state to abandon a homegrown insurance exchange that works well, and residents will need to use the federal HealthCare.gov exchange. Kentucky is the first state to abandon a homegrown insurance exchange that works well, and residents will need to use the federal HealthCare.gov exchange. Kentucky Gov Matt Bevin formally announces to Obama administration he intends to shut down health insurance exchange that enrolls residents for coverage under Affordable Care Act, becoming first state to shut down exchange that functions well; administration promises to help transfer those enrolled to federal exchange, but some worry about negative effects of move.

Small companies can strengthen security by taking relatively inexpensive and simple steps, either on their own or with the help of outside firms. Small companies can strengthen security by taking relatively inexpensive and simple steps, either on their own or with the help of outside firms. Some experts say hacking threat to small companies is increasing; toy company Rokenbok Education had its database files infected by malware and lost thousands of dollars in sales in two days; shoring up digital security can be surprisingly easy and inexpensive for small companies. 

Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo outlined an agenda touching on a range of issues, but a major emphasis of his speech lay in two pressing matters: homelessness and ethics. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo outlined an agenda touching on a range of issues, but a major emphasis of his speech lay in two pressing matters: homelessness and ethics. New York Gov Andrew M Cuomo delivers State of State speech in which he calls for rebuilding of state's social and physical infrastructure; offers $20 billion plan to add 100,000 permanent units of housing over course of five years, as well as thousands more units meant to provide shelter and social services.

When hemophiliacs make their living by selling lucrative hemophilia drugs, patient advocates say it creates a dangerous conflict of interest. When hemophiliacs make their living by selling lucrative hemophilia drugs, patient advocates say it creates a dangerous conflict of interest. Increasing number of hemophilia drug makers and specialty pharmacies are employing patients and their relatives to gain sales advantage and increase revenue; ethical issues are raised. 

Reacting to growing nationalist sentiments, lawmakers have agreed to debate a bill that, while not scrapping the national anthem, would create another one to be played for England’s sports teams. Reacting to growing nationalist sentiments, lawmakers have agreed to debate a bill that, while not scrapping the national anthem, would create another one to be played for England’s sports teams. British lawmakers are planning to debate bill that would replace United Kingdom's national anthem God Save the Queen for England's sports teams; issue has emerged from fact that England, unlike Scotland and Wales, does not already have its own anthem.

The asset management giant and its partners are acquiring 57.6 percent stake in Isagen from the Colombian government for $2 billion. The asset management giant and its partners are acquiring 57.6 percent stake in Isagen from the Colombian government for $2 billion. 

The move from Connecticut is an effort to tap the high-tech environs, with its cluster of research universities, for knowledge and recruiting. The move from Connecticut is an effort to tap the high-tech environs, with its cluster of research universities, for knowledge and recruiting. General Electric is moving its headquarters from Fairfield, Conn, to Boston; move is latest in attempt to recast itself as digital company.

Under a proposed law, asylum seekers who arrive with more than about $1,450 in cash would have to give up belongings like gold and jewelry to finance their stay. Under a proposed law, asylum seekers who arrive with more than about $1,450 in cash would have to give up belongings like gold and jewelry to finance their stay. Denmark is readying law requiring newly arrived refugees to surrender their valuables, including gold or jewelry, to help pay for costs of sheltering them.

Europe must face head-on the challenges of incorporating large numbers of young men from other cultures. Europe must face head-on the challenges of incorporating large numbers of young men from other cultures. 

The strongest reactions from Times readers came in response to the issue of growing political politicization. The strongest reactions from Times readers came in response to the issue of growing political politicization. 

Angelica Hicks, whose father is the second cousin of Charles, Prince of Wales, pokes fun at fashion and pop culture. Angelica Hicks, whose father is the second cousin of Charles, Prince of Wales, pokes fun at fashion and pop culture. British satirical illustrator Angelica Hicks discusses her personal style and upcoming work.

In an interview, the Detroit rocker, who collaborated with Mr. Bowie in the 1970s, talked about their friendship and their work through the years. In an interview, the Detroit rocker, who collaborated with Mr. Bowie in the 1970s, talked about their friendship and their work through the years. Iggy Pop describes his 45-year friendship with David Bowie; refers to deceased star as a savior who aided Pop both professionally and personally. 

Analysts said the arrest of members of the banned group Jaish-e-Muhammad in connection with the Pathankot attack appeared to be an effort to build on improving relations. Analysts said the arrest of members of the banned group Jaish-e-Muhammad in connection with the Pathankot attack appeared to be an effort to build on improving relations. Pakistani officials announce that members of banned militant group Jaish-e-Muhammad have been arrested in connection with attack on Pathankot air force base in India; move offers sign that country, which has historically been accused of supporting militant groups, is trying to improve tense relations with India.

People in Taiwan are increasingly worried that growing cross-strait trade and investment are making the island dangerously dependent on China. People in Taiwan are increasingly worried that growing cross-strait trade and investment are making the island dangerously dependent on China. Many Taiwanese are increasingly nervous that island is becoming too dependent on China due to growing trade and investment and large number of people leaving to work on mainland; concerns suggest that Taiwan's ruling party, Kuomintang, is likely to lose heavily in coming presidential and legislative elections. 

A crackdown on reformers at home tarnishes the image that Qatar spends millions on polishing abroad. A crackdown on reformers at home tarnishes the image that Qatar spends millions on polishing abroad. 

The imprisoned Wisconsin man at the center of the Netflix documentary series said a search warrant was improper and the jury was tainted. The imprisoned Wisconsin man at the center of the Netflix documentary series said a search warrant was improper and the jury was tainted. 

As more “smart” devices enter our lives, small software bugs can cause big headaches. As more “smart” devices enter our lives, small software bugs can cause big headaches. Nick Bilton Disruptions column notes widespread malfunctioning of Nest 'smart' thermostat that has left many homeowners with cold homes; submits issue goes beyond Nest failure and points to huge problems that can arise when people invite so-called smart devices into their lives.

For weeks, oddsmakers and computer rankings have loved Seattle, despite its six losses, and been skeptical of Carolina, despite its 15-1 record. For weeks, oddsmakers and computer rankings have loved Seattle, despite its six losses, and been skeptical of Carolina, despite its 15-1 record. 

A South Korean court said Park Yu-ha must pay $8,262 to each woman for defaming them with “false” and “distorted” content in her book. A South Korean court said Park Yu-ha must pay $8,262 to each woman for defaming them with “false” and “distorted” content in her book. South Korean court rules Sejong University professor Park Yu-ha must pay 10 million won, or $8,262, to each of nine women who sued her for defaming them in book Comfort Women of the Empire; book argues that widely held image of so-called comfort women, namely that they were forced into prostitution by Japanese during World War II, is only partly true.

Big lottery prizes are a teachable moment for statisticians, and they make the most of it. Big lottery prizes are a teachable moment for statisticians, and they make the most of it. 

The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index is down 10 percent from its November peak. Oil erased early gains after a disappointing report on supply. The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index is down 10 percent from its November peak. Oil erased early gains after a disappointing report on supply. 

Mr. Aravena was awarded the Pritzker Prize, architecture’s highest honor. His firm, Elemental, is based in Santiago, Chile. Mr. Aravena was awarded the Pritzker Prize, architecture’s highest honor. His firm, Elemental, is based in Santiago, Chile. 

The Lumiere Festival, which starts Thursday, will transform the city’s busy streets with illuminated artworks and other spectacles. The Lumiere Festival, which starts Thursday, will transform the city’s busy streets with illuminated artworks and other spectacles. 

Firefox can be customized in several ways, so checking program settings will ensure that the browser is uniform, whether you’re using a Mac or a PC. Firefox can be customized in several ways, so checking program settings will ensure that the browser is uniform, whether you’re using a Mac or a PC. Tech Tips on disappearing menus and buttons in Firefox.

The political costs of accepting refugees are high. And President Obama’s goal of taking in 10,000 Syrians this year faces difficulties. The political costs of accepting refugees are high. And President Obama’s goal of taking in 10,000 Syrians this year faces difficulties. United Nations Memo; political costs of accepting refugees into United States are great, as in much of Western world; US has taken in 2,500 Syrian refugees since 2012, and Pres Obama's goal of accepting 10,000 in 2016 is problematical.

A conversation with Alice Pasquini, a street artist in Italy. A conversation with Alice Pasquini, a street artist in Italy. 

Mr. Aravena, who has focused on low-cost social housing and reconstructing after natural disasters, received the honor as Chile emerges as a locus of noteworthy architecture. Mr. Aravena, who has focused on low-cost social housing and reconstructing after natural disasters, received the honor as Chile emerges as a locus of noteworthy architecture. Hyatt Foundation awards Pritzker Prize, architecture’s most prestigious award, to Alejandro Aravena; lauds Chilean architect and his Santiago-based firm Elemental for innovative social housing design and construction. 

The filing of such charges against Wang Yu and Bao Longjun continues the state’s aggressive crackdown against challenges to Communist Party rule. The filing of such charges against Wang Yu and Bao Longjun continues the state’s aggressive crackdown against challenges to Communist Party rule. Lawyer for well-known Chinese human rights lawyer Wang Yu says Wang and her husband Bao Longjun have been arrested for political subversion; arrests come on heels of formal charges for number of legal activists.

The venture, a studio for digital media, unites Mr. Toffler with other entertainment companies in search of young and innovative creators. The venture, a studio for digital media, unites Mr. Toffler with other entertainment companies in search of young and innovative creators. Former MTV executive Van Toffler founds independent digital media studio Gunpowder & Sky.

The streaming site will have access to Universal’s catalog, and those artists will make money from ads when their songs play on the free service. The streaming site will have access to Universal’s catalog, and those artists will make money from ads when their songs play on the free service. SoundCloud enters into licensing deal with Universal Music Group that will give streaming music site access to Universal's catalog; Universal artists will be able to make money from advertising when their songs are played on SoundCloud's site.

Although Netflix’s strategy is not without a fair amount of risk, it just keeps working — and the company’s prospects are steadily brightening. Although Netflix’s strategy is not without a fair amount of risk, it just keeps working — and the company’s prospects are steadily brightening. Farhad Manjoo assesses impressive growth of Netflix, noting it has more than 70 million subscribers paying $8 to $10 monthly for movies and TV shows; says its daring business strategy has proven successful, and could prove threat to staus quo of TV industry. 

The gaming giant Activision Blizzard said Ms. Sher, whose credits include “The Hateful Eight,” will share the co-presidency of its newly formed unit with Nick van Dyk. The gaming giant Activision Blizzard said Ms. Sher, whose credits include “The Hateful Eight,” will share the co-presidency of its newly formed unit with Nick van Dyk. 

Six of 11 individuals facing criminal proceedings related to the manipulation of the euro interbank offered rate, or Euribor, will go to trial in Britain in September. Six of 11 individuals facing criminal proceedings related to the manipulation of the euro interbank offered rate, or Euribor, will go to trial in Britain in September. 

The Prudential Regulation Authority wants to be able to reclaim, in cases of misconduct, some of the money paid to bankers who changed jobs. The Prudential Regulation Authority wants to be able to reclaim, in cases of misconduct, some of the money paid to bankers who changed jobs. British bank regulator proposes new rules to claw back banker bonuses if misconduct is proved in previous job.

Mr. de Blasio said on Monday that his administration was creating housing affordable to poor and working-class New Yorkers faster than any of his predecessors. That drive may soon hit a speed bump. Mr. de Blasio said on Monday that his administration was creating housing affordable to poor and working-class New Yorkers faster than any of his predecessors. That drive may soon hit a speed bump. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio boasts that his administration is building and preserving affordable housing faster than any previous administration; drive to build 200,000 affordable housing units over course of 10 years may run into serious obstacles, however, as obscure tax-break program used to create them will expire unless developers and construction unions reach agreement on wages for future projects under subsidy program.

The scores of “Mad Max,” “Creed” and other contenders were created by artists perhaps better known for their work with pop stars and other big names. The scores of “Mad Max,” “Creed” and other contenders were created by artists perhaps better known for their work with pop stars and other big names. 

The suicide bomber, who died in the attack on Tuesday, was identified as an Islamic State operative who entered Turkey from Syria on Jan. 5. The suicide bomber, who died in the attack on Tuesday, was identified as an Islamic State operative who entered Turkey from Syria on Jan. 5. Turkish officials say suicide bomber who attacked Istanbul's central tourist district entered country from Syria and was registered as refugee; bomber is identified as Nabil Fadil.

It hit what the military said was a squad of Palestinian militants planning to attack Israeli forces in the area with a bomb. It hit what the military said was a squad of Palestinian militants planning to attack Israeli forces in the area with a bomb. Israeli missile strike targets group of men it claims were Palestinian militants preparing to attack Israeli forces along border with northern Gaza, killing one of the men and wounding three others. 

Tsai Ing-wen of the opposition Democratic Progressive Party may become Taiwan’s first female president, and the governing Kuomintang could lose control of the legislature. Tsai Ing-wen of the opposition Democratic Progressive Party may become Taiwan’s first female president, and the governing Kuomintang could lose control of the legislature. 

Thirteen of the victims were police officers, an official said, and the Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack. Thirteen of the victims were police officers, an official said, and the Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack. Suicide bomber kills at least 16 people outside polio vaccination center in Quetta, Pakistan.

Mohammad Amir was upbeat as he returns to play to play an international match for the first time since he was caught spot-fixing in London in 2010. Mohammad Amir was upbeat as he returns to play to play an international match for the first time since he was caught spot-fixing in London in 2010. 

The marigold sheath, by Narciso Rodriguez, certainly conveyed an upbeat message. The marigold sheath, by Narciso Rodriguez, certainly conveyed an upbeat message. 

Abdelhamid Abaaoud, believed to have coordinated the Nov. 13 assault, returned home despite an international arrest warrant, officials say. Abdelhamid Abaaoud, believed to have coordinated the Nov. 13 assault, returned home despite an international arrest warrant, officials say. 

It remained unclear who decided to release the sailors or how their two patrol boats ended up in Iranian territorial waters. It remained unclear who decided to release the sailors or how their two patrol boats ended up in Iranian territorial waters. Iran returns two American military patrol boats and releases their crews, averting possible crisis; United States officials try to clarify how boats ended up in Iranian territorial waters in Persian Gulf, but are unable to explain how military lost contact with both vessels; Obama administration attributes quick release of sailors to new diplomatic relationship with country in wake of nuclear accord.

The president will talk with an Omaha teacher who wrote to him about her concerns as a mother, one of many such conversations with Americans he hopes to pursue this year. The president will talk with an Omaha teacher who wrote to him about her concerns as a mother, one of many such conversations with Americans he hopes to pursue this year. Pres Obama visits Omaha home of Lisa Martin, mother who wrote him letter in 2015 expressing anxiety for her young son's future, in attempt to assuage her fears; had used her letter in his State of the Union speech day before to argue for his vision for America.

Mr. Cruz, a candidate who built his name challenging his party’s leadership, has begun wooing entrenched power brokers, and some of them are listening. Mr. Cruz, a candidate who built his name challenging his party’s leadership, has begun wooing entrenched power brokers, and some of them are listening. Ted Cruz has quietly begun courting Republican Party elites in effort to gain unified front behind his presidential candidacy, taking strategic turn away from his longtime anti-establishment stance.

A significant revision has occurred in the design of the long-planned extension, but saying something is better is not the same as saying it is the best. A significant revision has occurred in the design of the long-planned extension, but saying something is better is not the same as saying it is the best. David W Dunlap Building Blocks column notes design for long-planned extension of Pennsylvania Station, to be known as Moynihan Station has undergone significant revision, its fifth since it was originally proposed in 1992, and that new design has failed to impress many critics.

Anti-immigration groups and right-wing extremists have seized on a wave of assaults in Cologne, Germany, on New Year’s Eve to discredit all migrants as criminals or hooligans. Anti-immigration groups and right-wing extremists have seized on a wave of assaults in Cologne, Germany, on New Year’s Eve to discredit all migrants as criminals or hooligans. Revelations of New Year's Eve sexual assaults in Cologne, Germany, by gangs consisting of mostly foreigners, including some refugees, along with reports of similar attacks has heightened public anxiety about migrant crisis across Europe; far-right groups have seized on news reports of assaults, which have already started to influence asylum policy in some countries.

The response, from President Park Geun-hye, came as criticism of her policy of building stronger ties with Beijing mounted. The response, from President Park Geun-hye, came as criticism of her policy of building stronger ties with Beijing mounted. South Korean Pres Park Geun-hye calls on China to do more to rein in North Korea in nationally televised speech,  week after North Korea conducted its fourth nuclear test; speech is in part response to domestic criticism that Park's forging of closer ties with China has failed to yield results.

The claim by militants in Afghanistan was a sign that the Islamic State’s central command is increasingly willing to promote its Afghan affiliate as a supported group. The claim by militants in Afghanistan was a sign that the Islamic State’s central command is increasingly willing to promote its Afghan affiliate as a supported group. Islamic State militants claim responsibility for attack near Pakistani Consulate in Jalalabad, Afghanistan, that killed at least seven Afghan soldiers; episode offers sign that Islamic State's central command is beginning to promote its Afghan affiliate and that group's violent campaign is starting to move into urban areas.

The breakneck pace of modern life finds varied expression in collections from Christopher Kane, J.W. Anderson, Grace Wales Bonner and others. The breakneck pace of modern life finds varied expression in collections from Christopher Kane, J.W. Anderson, Grace Wales Bonner and others. Matthew Scheier reviews collections by J W Anderson, Moschino, Alexander McQueen and others at Men's Fashion Week in London.

The looks on the streets during London Men’s Fashion Week. The looks on the streets during London Men’s Fashion Week. 

The rock star gave the fashion industry a lot more than a look (or 12) — he gave it a philosophy. The rock star gave the fashion industry a lot more than a look (or 12) — he gave it a philosophy. Rock star David Bowie, who died in January, has widely influenced fashion designers, many of whom credit Bowie for opening new creative possibilities and allowing fashion writ large.

In honor of the TV executive’s new book, “Year of Yes,” the writer embarked on his own experiment, vowing to try it all for one month. In honor of the TV executive’s new book, “Year of Yes,” the writer embarked on his own experiment, vowing to try it all for one month. Henry Alford describes month spent emulating Shonda Rhimes, television producer who spent year saying 'yes' to new opportunities; Rhimes chronicles her journey in book Year of Yes: How to Dance It Out, Stand in the Sun and Be Your Own Person.

Cate Blanchett, Katy Perry, Ricky Gervais, Madonna and Sean Penn hit the Golden Globes parties. Cate Blanchett, Katy Perry, Ricky Gervais, Madonna and Sean Penn hit the Golden Globes parties. 

Cate Blanchett, Katy Perry, Ricky Gervais, Madonna and Sean Penn hit the Golden Globes parties. Cate Blanchett, Katy Perry, Ricky Gervais, Madonna and Sean Penn hit the Golden Globes parties. 

On the closing day of the men’s wear shows, designers paid homage to the musician’s unique and abiding power over the British fashion industry. On the closing day of the men’s wear shows, designers paid homage to the musician’s unique and abiding power over the British fashion industry. Designers at Men's Fashion Week in London pay homage to late rock star David Bowie's influence on fashion industry.

The hedge fund manager Pierre Lagrange took over the company amid a swirl of press, not all of it kind. But now he focused on expanding business. The hedge fund manager Pierre Lagrange took over the company amid a swirl of press, not all of it kind. But now he focused on expanding business. London's Savile Row is gradually becoming more accepting of outsiders following losses suffered during 2008 financial crisis, as exemplified by embrace of hedge fund manager Pierre Lagrange, who bought storied tailor Huntsman in 2013.

Los ataques durante la noche de Año Nuevo en Colonia han alarmado a la población. Los ataques durante la noche de Año Nuevo en Colonia han alarmado a la población. 

The seemingly endless and frozen landscapes around Greenland’s indigenous villages are vanishing and with them, a way of life. The seemingly endless and frozen landscapes around Greenland’s indigenous villages are vanishing and with them, a way of life. 

La verdadera pregunta es si podemos redistribuir una parte del ingreso que actualmente se queda en manos de la élite sin paralizar el crecimiento. La verdadera pregunta es si podemos redistribuir una parte del ingreso que actualmente se queda en manos de la élite sin paralizar el crecimiento. 

Brands know that well-chosen fonts can do much to convey the style of a timepiece. Brands know that well-chosen fonts can do much to convey the style of a timepiece. 

Hablan los habitantes de Madaya, una ciudad aislada del mundo y condenada al hambre. Hablan los habitantes de Madaya, una ciudad aislada del mundo y condenada al hambre. 

Photos posted this week on @nytimes took Instagram followers from the inside of a dinosaur to Sesame Street, in Queens. Photos posted this week on @nytimes took Instagram followers from the inside of a dinosaur to Sesame Street, in Queens. 

Led by a handsome prime minister and artists like Drake, the Weeknd and Sarah Polley, Canada is shaking off its polite image. Led by a handsome prime minister and artists like Drake, the Weeknd and Sarah Polley, Canada is shaking off its polite image. 

 In a stump speech and several other places, Senator Ted Cruz issued a faux apology to New Yorkers for saying Donald J. Trump has “New York values.” In a stump speech and several other places, Senator Ted Cruz issued a faux apology to New Yorkers for saying Donald J. Trump has “New York values.”

 Sean Dobbin offers us a thorny Saturday puzzle. Sean Dobbin offers us a thorny Saturday puzzle.

 A call for fresh narratives and roadmaps aimed at charting a human journey with the fewest regrets. A call for fresh narratives and roadmaps aimed at charting a human journey with the fewest regrets.

 Jawbone, the start-up that makes wearable devices, became the latest private company to raise money at a lower valuation than before. Jawbone, the start-up that makes wearable devices, became the latest private company to raise money at a lower valuation than before.

Senator Ted Cruz attacked Donald J. Trump, a Queens native, for having “New York values.” Amid much debate over what that means, we invited New Yorkers to share their own definition. Senator Ted Cruz attacked Donald J. Trump, a Queens native, for having “New York values.” Amid much debate over what that means, we invited New Yorkers to share their own definition. 

 President Obama gave interviews at the White House on Friday to three popular YouTube figures. President Obama gave interviews at the White House on Friday to three popular YouTube figures.

 Bernie Sanders opposed keeping background-check records tied to gun purchases for 90 days, putting him at odds with Hillary Clinton. Bernie Sanders opposed keeping background-check records tied to gun purchases for 90 days, putting him at odds with Hillary Clinton.

The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and other civil rights leaders relied on the power of photographs to persuade, enrage and motivate. The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and other civil rights leaders relied on the power of photographs to persuade, enrage and motivate. 

 Can’t wait for the tour. Can’t wait for the tour.

 Donald J. Trump insists he is financing his own campaign, but the evidence suggests otherwise. Donald J. Trump insists he is financing his own campaign, but the evidence suggests otherwise.

 How can the Academy increase diversity in nominations and awards? How can the Academy increase diversity in nominations and awards?

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

 Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, interesting reads from Lynda Richardson, Andrew Jacobs and others. Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, interesting reads from Lynda Richardson, Andrew Jacobs and others.

Newly released documents and videos shed light on the death of Chicago’s Cedrick Chatman, a 17-year-old who was shot and killed by police in 2013. Newly released documents and videos shed light on the death of Chicago’s Cedrick Chatman, a 17-year-old who was shot and killed by police in 2013. 

 Photos from Greece, France, Taiwan and Spain. Photos from Greece, France, Taiwan and Spain.

 Marco Rubio bought a gun on Christmas Eve at a Florida store “packed” with customers, some of whom he said were worried that President Obama would further restrict their gun-buying rights Marco Rubio bought a gun on Christmas Eve at a Florida store “packed” with customers, some of whom he said were worried that President Obama would further restrict their gun-buying rights

Greece and More — Pictures of the Day Greece and More — Pictures of the Day 

 The space, at Lincoln Center, will roughly double its number of free performances in 2016 in a makeover that includes the introduction of new recurring programs. The space, at Lincoln Center, will roughly double its number of free performances in 2016 in a makeover that includes the introduction of new recurring programs.

 His departure came less than a year after Mr. Perelman was tapped to be the chairman of Carnegie’s board, beginning a rocky era of clashes with the hall’s administration. His departure came less than a year after Mr. Perelman was tapped to be the chairman of Carnegie’s board, beginning a rocky era of clashes with the hall’s administration.

 Right to Rise, the “super PAC” supporting Jeb Bush, is urging donors to contribute online to run an ad during the Super Bowl, two days before New Hampshire holds its primary on Feb. 9. Right to Rise, the “super PAC” supporting Jeb Bush, is urging donors to contribute online to run an ad during the Super Bowl, two days before New Hampshire holds its primary on Feb. 9.

 The Vatican’s cultural minister wrote a generous appreciation of David Bowie. But it was too much for some Catholics. The Vatican’s cultural minister wrote a generous appreciation of David Bowie. But it was too much for some Catholics.

Total percentage returns for the quarter, the year and five years, annualized, and the fund’s rank within the universe of Nasdaq-listed stock and bond funds. Total percentage returns for the quarter, the year and five years, annualized, and the fund’s rank within the universe of Nasdaq-listed stock and bond funds. 

Total percentage returns for the quarter, the year and five years, annualized, and the fund’s rank within the universe of Nasdaq-listed stock and bond funds Total percentage returns for the quarter, the year and five years, annualized, and the fund’s rank within the universe of Nasdaq-listed stock and bond funds 

Mutual fund charts. Mutual fund charts. 

Mutual fund charts. Mutual fund charts. 

Mutual fund charts. Mutual fund charts. 

The performance of closed-end funds through the end of the quarter. The performance of closed-end funds through the end of the quarter. 

The performance of exchange-traded funds through the end of the quarter. The performance of exchange-traded funds through the end of the quarter. 

Mutual fund charts. Mutual fund charts. 

Mutual fund charts. Mutual fund charts. 

 “Made in France,” a movie about a terrorist plot in Paris, was twice delayed after actual attacks and will now go straight to video on demand. “Made in France,” a movie about a terrorist plot in Paris, was twice delayed after actual attacks and will now go straight to video on demand.

The artist shares the titles he’d want most on a desert island. The artist shares the titles he’d want most on a desert island. 

Reissued books include “Will Spring Be Early? Or Will Spring Be Late?” and “Arthur.” Reissued books include “Will Spring Be Early? Or Will Spring Be Late?” and “Arthur.” 

How the crisis developed, and which neighborhoods had the highest lead levels. How the crisis developed, and which neighborhoods had the highest lead levels. 

 As Donald J. Trump visited a Pizza Ranch restaurant here on Friday, a New York Times reporter was ejected by Trump staff members and a local police officer. As Donald J. Trump visited a Pizza Ranch restaurant here on Friday, a New York Times reporter was ejected by Trump staff members and a local police officer.

This week, the photographer relaunches her 1999 project at the Wapping Hydraulic Power Station in London. This week, the photographer relaunches her 1999 project at the Wapping Hydraulic Power Station in London. 

The photographer kicks off a 10-city world tour with an installation at the Wapping Hydraulic Power Station. The photographer kicks off a 10-city world tour with an installation at the Wapping Hydraulic Power Station. 

 A trial lawyer, who said he plans to support Bernie Sanders’s bid, filed the suit about Ted Cruz’s constitutional eligibility in Federal District Court in Houston, arguing that the definition of a “natural born citizen” has never been sufficiently settled. A trial lawyer, who said he plans to support Bernie Sanders’s bid, filed the suit about Ted Cruz’s constitutional eligibility in Federal District Court in Houston, arguing that the definition of a “natural born citizen” has never been sufficiently settled.

The Struts’ Luke Spiller wears his influences on his sleeve — and no shortage of eyeliner and women’s clothes. The Struts’ Luke Spiller wears his influences on his sleeve — and no shortage of eyeliner and women’s clothes. 

 The Louvre is preparing to start the restoration of Leonardo da Vinci’s “Saint John the Baptist,” a 16th-century work that has darkened over the years. The Louvre is preparing to start the restoration of Leonardo da Vinci’s “Saint John the Baptist,” a 16th-century work that has darkened over the years.

 Lacking anything of substance to say, Mrs. Fiorina has resorted to taunts about Hillary Clinton’s marriage. Lacking anything of substance to say, Mrs. Fiorina has resorted to taunts about Hillary Clinton’s marriage.

 Cruz’s version of credibility. Cruz’s version of credibility.

 Mrs. Clinton took a reader’s question during her visit to the editorial board on Thursday. Mrs. Clinton took a reader’s question during her visit to the editorial board on Thursday.

Travel editors Monica Drake and Dan Saltzstein explain how they put together this year’s special issue, “52 Places To Go in 2016.” Travel editors Monica Drake and Dan Saltzstein explain how they put together this year’s special issue, “52 Places To Go in 2016.” 

Bowie’s legacy, a study in Birkin bags and London Fashion Weekend. Bowie’s legacy, a study in Birkin bags and London Fashion Weekend. 

During a visit to the editorial board, the candidate took a moment to answer a question from a Times reader. During a visit to the editorial board, the candidate took a moment to answer a question from a Times reader. 

 Readers gave shoutouts to Donald Trump, Ben Carson, Chris Christie and Bernie Sanders. Readers gave shoutouts to Donald Trump, Ben Carson, Chris Christie and Bernie Sanders.

 A new study suggests that the more potatoes in a woman’s typical diet, the more likely she is to develop gestational diabetes, a serious complication of pregnancy. A new study suggests that the more potatoes in a woman’s typical diet, the more likely she is to develop gestational diabetes, a serious complication of pregnancy.

How to use sourdough starter, plus a recipe for the best lasagna you’ll ever eat. How to use sourdough starter, plus a recipe for the best lasagna you’ll ever eat. 

 Why I’m not yet resigned to a Trump vs. Cruz race. Why I’m not yet resigned to a Trump vs. Cruz race.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Britain relents on an arms shipment to Brazil in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Britain relents on an arms shipment to Brazil in 1941.

 This short documentary shows the inner workings of an inpatient Internet addiction rehabilitation center where Chinese teenagers are “deprogrammed.” This short documentary shows the inner workings of an inpatient Internet addiction rehabilitation center where Chinese teenagers are “deprogrammed.”

 Frances Morris, the top curator of international art at Tate Modern, has been named as the museum’s next director, Tate officials said Friday. Frances Morris, the top curator of international art at Tate Modern, has been named as the museum’s next director, Tate officials said Friday.

 Audra McDonald is to make her West End debut this summer as Billie Holiday in “Lady Day at Emerson’s Bar & Grill,” the play for which she won her sixth Tony, in 2014. Audra McDonald is to make her West End debut this summer as Billie Holiday in “Lady Day at Emerson’s Bar & Grill,” the play for which she won her sixth Tony, in 2014.

 Aides to former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida told campaign donors after the latest debate that their candidate more than held his own with the other Republicans onstage who were called “great performers.” Aides to former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida told campaign donors after the latest debate that their candidate more than held his own with the other Republicans onstage who were called “great performers.”

 Why the financial reports of Intel, one of the largest suppliers of chips to PCs, still matters to the broader technology industry. Why the financial reports of Intel, one of the largest suppliers of chips to PCs, still matters to the broader technology industry.

 What were some of the final challenges the museum faced in assembling the titanosaur? What were some of the final challenges the museum faced in assembling the titanosaur?

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: A former gunner with amnesia falls in love with his old sweetheart in 1916. From the International Herald Tribune archives: A former gunner with amnesia falls in love with his old sweetheart in 1916.

 Donald J. Trump, the morning after the latest Republican presidential debate, made clear that his friendship with Senator Ted Cruz was on the rocks. He described Mr. Cruz as “strident” and called his characterization of New York City “disgraceful.” Donald J. Trump, the morning after the latest Republican presidential debate, made clear that his friendship with Senator Ted Cruz was on the rocks. He described Mr. Cruz as “strident” and called his characterization of New York City “disgraceful.”

 He made his position clear during Thursday’s debate. He made his position clear during Thursday’s debate.

 Tom Steyer, the billionaire environmental activist, will become one of the new chairmen for the Latino Victory Fund, along with Representative Joaquin Castro of Texas, Antonio Villaraigosa of Los Angeles and Melissa Mark-Viverito of New York. Tom Steyer, the billionaire environmental activist, will become one of the new chairmen for the Latino Victory Fund, along with Representative Joaquin Castro of Texas, Antonio Villaraigosa of Los Angeles and Melissa Mark-Viverito of New York.

 Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina endorsed former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida for president, citing his strength on the issues his campaign centered around: foreign policy and domestic security. Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina endorsed former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida for president, citing his strength on the issues his campaign centered around: foreign policy and domestic security.

Worrying about how Fido will do in the personal interview, when a bad doggy day could mean no apartment. Worrying about how Fido will do in the personal interview, when a bad doggy day could mean no apartment. 

 Only report the downs. Only report the downs.

 I don’t wanna be a part of it, New York New York. I don’t wanna be a part of it, New York New York.

 Elmgreen & Dragset stage a new show in Beijing; David Shrigley shows work in Guadalajara, Mexico; and an interdisciplinary theater festival comes to Vancouver, British Columbia. Elmgreen & Dragset stage a new show in Beijing; David Shrigley shows work in Guadalajara, Mexico; and an interdisciplinary theater festival comes to Vancouver, British Columbia.

 Readers feel “populist schadenfreude” after a top restaurant was downgraded by The Times’s restaurant critic. Readers feel “populist schadenfreude” after a top restaurant was downgraded by The Times’s restaurant critic.

 The second-to-last Republican presidential debate before voting begins in Iowa was a fistfight, one that seemed to further clarify the contours of the race as it has winnowed in the remaining weeks. The second-to-last Republican presidential debate before voting begins in Iowa was a fistfight, one that seemed to further clarify the contours of the race as it has winnowed in the remaining weeks.

Photographs from the past week in New York and the region include dogs on the subway, a rush for Powerball tickets and the State of the State address. Photographs from the past week in New York and the region include dogs on the subway, a rush for Powerball tickets and the State of the State address. 

 In this Poetry Pairing, Lily Cao’s poem “Memento” appears with a 2012 article, “It’s Not Me, It’s You,” by Alex Williams. In this Poetry Pairing, Lily Cao’s poem “Memento” appears with a 2012 article, “It’s Not Me, It’s You,” by Alex Williams.

While traveling the world by container ship, an artist captures an increasingly globalized world through his sketches and photography. While traveling the world by container ship, an artist captures an increasingly globalized world through his sketches and photography. 

 Test your knowledge of this week’s health news. Test your knowledge of this week’s health news.

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 Foursquare Raises $45 Million and Cuts its Valuation | Goldman to Pay Up to $5 Billion to Settle Faulty Mortgage Claims | G.E. to Sell Appliances Unit Foursquare Raises $45 Million and Cuts its Valuation | Goldman to Pay Up to $5 Billion to Settle Faulty Mortgage Claims | G.E. to Sell Appliances Unit

 Prestigious medical research institutions have routinely flouted the law on reporting the results of drug trials, putting patients at risk. Prestigious medical research institutions have routinely flouted the law on reporting the results of drug trials, putting patients at risk.

 The Republican retreat in Baltimore this week offered lessons of five things that may inform the 2016 agenda, including an uneasy peace with Donald J. Trump and seeming hints of how legislators define informal. The Republican retreat in Baltimore this week offered lessons of five things that may inform the 2016 agenda, including an uneasy peace with Donald J. Trump and seeming hints of how legislators define informal.

Friday: Historical reenactments, weekend weather, and a revamped “Sesame Street.” Friday: Historical reenactments, weekend weather, and a revamped “Sesame Street.” 

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 Readers ask: How does a workout on a recumbent bike compare to one on a vertical bike or elliptical machine? Readers ask: How does a workout on a recumbent bike compare to one on a vertical bike or elliptical machine?

What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including a Jack London centennial celebration in California and a Galapagos bike tour. What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including a Jack London centennial celebration in California and a Galapagos bike tour. In Transit blog; luxury automobile lovers will soon be able to visit Miami Supercar Rooms, opening in city's art-focused Wynwood neighborhood; project places collection of rare luxury automobiles within night-life destination.

 Would you be interested in trying a “Year of Yes” experiment? How about a “Week of Yes” or even just a “Day of Yes”? Would you be interested in trying a “Year of Yes” experiment? How about a “Week of Yes” or even just a “Day of Yes”?

On policy, the president has been remarkable, but on changing hearts and minds, he falls short. On policy, the president has been remarkable, but on changing hearts and minds, he falls short. Timothy Egan Op-Ed column argues presidency of Barack Obama has been most consequential since that of Franklin Roosevelt; notes despite significant policy accomplishments, presidency has not been transformational and encourages Obama to use final year to change that.

Mayor Bill de Blasio must defend the city’s interests in any struggle over funds from the state budget. Mayor Bill de Blasio must defend the city’s interests in any struggle over funds from the state budget. Editorial expresses alarm over state budget released by New York Gov Andrew Cuomo that proposes pulling state support from City University of New York, requiring city to cover Medicaid increases and altering STAR income-tax rebates; calls budget 'gut punch' to city, which will ultimately cost it a billion dollars over fiscal year; urges city officials to analyze Cuomo's claims that budget will not harm city, and to push back if he is proven wrong.

The state, which had played down findings of high levels of lead in the city’s water, must step in to find solutions. The state, which had played down findings of high levels of lead in the city’s water, must step in to find solutions. Editorial assails Michigan Gov Rick Snyder for ignoring lead pollution in Flint's water supply, leading to catastrophe with heavy costs to taxpayers and to residents' health; holds problems stem from ill-considered 2014 decision to use water from Flint River as city's primary source and involve failures at every level of government; asserts Snyder must address disaster in largely poor, black city and outside entities must monitor state's response.

The country’s opposition-led Parliament will need robust international support to make headway on needed reforms. The country’s opposition-led Parliament will need robust international support to make headway on needed reforms. Editorial contends attempt by Venezuela's top court to invalidate laws passed by opposition-dominated Parliament, based on charges that three members committed electoral fraud, represents attempt by Pres Nicolas Maduro to prevent reform; warns while Parliament sidelined those accused in order to move forward, Maduro's government is likely to seek other ways to obstruct lawmakers; urges Maduro to find common ground with opposition and calls on international community to support Venezuela's Parliament.

Modern art has certain kinds of social value, but we have suffered the loss of an old understanding of how beauty transforms the soul. Modern art has certain kinds of social value, but we have suffered the loss of an old understanding of how beauty transforms the soul. David Brooks Op-Ed column laments passing of humanist worldview that views beauty as important means of transforming the mundane, achieving spiritual evolution and elevating society; contends proper goal of arts lies along these lines; holds shift to post-humanist view that presents world as impersonal and quantifiable has left it beauty-poor and meaning-deprived.

Of course not, despite what many of its beneficiaries believe. Of course not, despite what many of its beneficiaries believe. Paul Krugman Op-Ed column weighs question of how much wealth should be concentrated among top earners and counters conservative assertion that income inequality is both fair and good for economy; holds some redistribution of wealth is both moral and, based on past experience, tied to economic growth.

The G.O.P. presidential candidates’ fantasy budget math would wreck America’s fiscal house. The G.O.P. presidential candidates’ fantasy budget math would wreck America’s fiscal house. 

 PM, the 1940s photo-rich New York tabloid, asked readers to interpret its pictures — 75 of which are currently at the Steven Kasher Gallery in Chelsea. PM, the 1940s photo-rich New York tabloid, asked readers to interpret its pictures — 75 of which are currently at the Steven Kasher Gallery in Chelsea.

Corrections appearing in print on Friday, January 15, 2015. Corrections appearing in print on Friday, January 15, 2015. 

The candidates, in their own heated words as recorded by the Federal News Service, sparring on ISIS and Iran, the economy and each other. The candidates, in their own heated words as recorded by the Federal News Service, sparring on ISIS and Iran, the economy and each other. 

The Times reporter Adam Nagourney analyzes key moments from the sixth Republican presidential debate on Thursday in North Charleston, S.C., as the candidates sparred over issues such as the Middle East, trade and gun control. The Times reporter Adam Nagourney analyzes key moments from the sixth Republican presidential debate on Thursday in North Charleston, S.C., as the candidates sparred over issues such as the Middle East, trade and gun control. 

Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum go undercover again in “22 Jump Street.” Willie Nelson is honored with the Gershwin Prize. And a farewell to Alan Rickman. Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum go undercover again in “22 Jump Street.” Willie Nelson is honored with the Gershwin Prize. And a farewell to Alan Rickman. 

Amanda Sobhy, a Long Island native and Harvard graduate, finished second to Nour el Sherbini at the J.P. Morgan Tournament of Champions, but some believe she can reach No. 1 in the world rankings. Amanda Sobhy, a Long Island native and Harvard graduate, finished second to Nour el Sherbini at the J.P. Morgan Tournament of Champions, but some believe she can reach No. 1 in the world rankings. Nour el Sherbini defeats Amanda Sobhy to win JP Morgan Tournament of Champions, annual international squash championship; Sobhy is first American-born player to reach final.

Quotation of the Day for Friday, January 15, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Friday, January 15, 2016. 

Mr. Cruz outmaneuvered everybody onstage, but none as devastatingly as Donald J. Trump. Mr. Cruz outmaneuvered everybody onstage, but none as devastatingly as Donald J. Trump. News Analysis; Sen Ted Cruz dominates much of sixth Republican presidential primary debate, demonstrating to American public that his surging candidacy is not just fluke; Cruz manages to show up Donald Trump, who has so far been most commanding candidate in race.

 Ted Cruz brought up two columns by Frank Bruni during Thursday’s debate. Ted Cruz brought up two columns by Frank Bruni during Thursday’s debate.

Calvin Pickard, 23, stopped 27 shots, and the Devils failed to pick up their first win at Colorado since 2008. Calvin Pickard, 23, stopped 27 shots, and the Devils failed to pick up their first win at Colorado since 2008. 

Williams&#8217;s first opponent, Camila Giorgi, is the highest seed she could have faced in the first round, but if Williams advances, the potential threats in her half of the field are players she has dominated. Williams&#8217;s first opponent, Camila Giorgi, is the highest seed she could have faced in the first round, but if Williams advances, the potential threats in her half of the field are players she has dominated. 

 This word has appeared in 40 New York Times articles in the past year. This word has appeared in 40 New York Times articles in the past year.

MESSMORE--Mary Anne, of Baltimore, Maryland, died peacefully with her family by her side on January 11, 2016. Mary's life was most remarkable for the effect she had on the people around her. She brought light and laughter to every room she entered. A rock of comfort and support for anyone grieving or feeling lonely, Mary loved to laugh and make others laugh, play games, cook, and spend time with friends. She loved her dogs, the mountains, music, boating, reading, and traveling. But most of all, she loved her husband, John, her son, Ike, and her daughter, Lindsey. For those fortunate enough to have met her, Mary will be remembered as one of the warmest and most thoughtful people the world has known. Generous and welcoming, she opened her home to everyone-friends and strangers alike-who needed a home-cooked meal or a safe haven. She was fiercely loyal to and supportive of those close to her and kind to everyone she met. Mary's family takes comfort in the knowledge that her legacy lives on through the immeasurable impact she had on others. While the joy and laughter that her memories evoke pale in comparison to her radiant physical presence, they ensure that she will never be forgotten. It is Mary's family's hope that all who knew her will honor her memory by striving to treat others with the grace and kindness that she did. It was the size of Mary's heart that made the world a better place. A celebration of Mary's life will be held at 5pm on Saturday, January 23, at Baltimore Country Club at Five Farms, 11500 Mays Chapel Road, Lutherville, MD 21093. All friends are welcome. In lieu of flowers, please consider a donation in Mary's name to Dyslexia Tutoring Program (dyslexiatutoringprogram.org). As John Irving, one of Mary's favorite authors, once wrote: "It is hard work and great art to make life not so serious." In that respect, Mary was a tireless and masterful artist. 1/3 MESSMORE--Mary Anne, of Baltimore, Maryland, died peacefully with her family by her side on January 11, 2016. Mary's life was most remarkable for the effect she had on the people around her. She brought light and laughter to every room she entered. A rock of comfort and support for anyone grieving or feeling lonely, Mary loved to laugh and make others laugh, play games, cook, and spend time with friends. She loved her dogs, the mountains, music, boating, reading, and traveling. But most of all, she loved her husband, John, her son, Ike, and her daughter, Lindsey. For those fortunate enough to have met her, Mary will be remembered as one of the warmest and most thoughtful people the world has known. Generous and welcoming, she opened her home to everyone-friends and strangers alike-who needed a home-cooked meal or a safe haven. She was fiercely loyal to and supportive of those close to her and kind to everyone she met. Mary's family takes comfort in the knowledge that her legacy lives on through the immeasurable impact she had on others. While the joy and laughter that her memories evoke pale in comparison to her radiant physical presence, they ensure that she will never be forgotten. It is Mary's family's hope that all who knew her will honor her memory by striving to treat others with the grace and kindness that she did. It was the size of Mary's heart that made the world a better place. A celebration of Mary's life will be held at 5pm on Saturday, January 23, at Baltimore Country Club at Five Farms, 11500 Mays Chapel Road, Lutherville, MD 21093. All friends are welcome. In lieu of flowers, please consider a donation in Mary's name to Dyslexia Tutoring Program (dyslexiatutoringprogram.org). As John Irving, one of Mary's favorite authors, once wrote: "It is hard work and great art to make life not so serious." In that respect, Mary was a tireless and masterful artist. 1/3 

SILVERMAN--Ruben D.,age 88, died on January 14, 2016, of complications of Parkinson's Disease. A lifelong resident of Lakewood, NJ, Mr. Silverman practiced law in Lakewood for over 55 years, representing a broad and diverse swath of the Lakewood community including Congregation Sons of Israel (the first Orthodox synagogue in Lakewood), and the operators of the Point Pleasant Beach. Mr. Silverman was a graduate from Lakewood High School in 1944, and then enlisted in the United States Navy at age 17, serving on the USS Nassau during the closing days of World War II. Upon the conclusion of his military service, he returned to New Jersey where he attended and was a graduate from Seton Hall College. He then entered the first class of Seton Hall Law School, and, after obtaining his J.D., began a law practice with his late brother, Orion Silverman. He practiced law for 55 years before retiring. He held positions on the local election, tax and zoning boards. He is survived by his wife of 60 years, Phyllis, and three children: Sharon Lieberman (and her husband, Steven), Dr. Lawrence Silverman (and his wife, Jodi Moise) and Barbara Hirsch (and her husband, Dr. Mark Hirsch), as well as seven grandchildren: Rachel Lieberman, Jessica Lieberman, Benjamin Lieberman, Joshua Moise-Silverman, Samuel Moise-Silverman, Corey Hirsch and Sarah Hirsch. Funeral services will be at the Mt. Sinai Cemetery in Lakewood, NJ, on Friday, January 15, 2016, 9:00am. The family asks that donations in his memory be made to the Lakewood Historical Society or to the Overlook Foundation, Attention: Movement Disorder Fund, in memory of Ruben Silverman. Services entrusted to Torchinsky Hebrew Funeral Home, Washington, DC, 202-541-1001. 1/3 SILVERMAN--Ruben D.,age 88, died on January 14, 2016, of complications of Parkinson's Disease. A lifelong resident of Lakewood, NJ, Mr. Silverman practiced law in Lakewood for over 55 years, representing a broad and diverse swath of the Lakewood community including Congregation Sons of Israel (the first Orthodox synagogue in Lakewood), and the operators of the Point Pleasant Beach. Mr. Silverman was a graduate from Lakewood High School in 1944, and then enlisted in the United States Navy at age 17, serving on the USS Nassau during the closing days of World War II. Upon the conclusion of his military service, he returned to New Jersey where he attended and was a graduate from Seton Hall College. He then entered the first class of Seton Hall Law School, and, after obtaining his J.D., began a law practice with his late brother, Orion Silverman. He practiced law for 55 years before retiring. He held positions on the local election, tax and zoning boards. He is survived by his wife of 60 years, Phyllis, and three children: Sharon Lieberman (and her husband, Steven), Dr. Lawrence Silverman (and his wife, Jodi Moise) and Barbara Hirsch (and her husband, Dr. Mark Hirsch), as well as seven grandchildren: Rachel Lieberman, Jessica Lieberman, Benjamin Lieberman, Joshua Moise-Silverman, Samuel Moise-Silverman, Corey Hirsch and Sarah Hirsch. Funeral services will be at the Mt. Sinai Cemetery in Lakewood, NJ, on Friday, January 15, 2016, 9:00am. The family asks that donations in his memory be made to the Lakewood Historical Society or to the Overlook Foundation, Attention: Movement Disorder Fund, in memory of Ruben Silverman. Services entrusted to Torchinsky Hebrew Funeral Home, Washington, DC, 202-541-1001. 1/3 

PRESENT--Daniel, M.D. A wonderful man, a loss to too many. Barbara and Bob Murray 1/3 PRESENT--Daniel, M.D. A wonderful man, a loss to too many. Barbara and Bob Murray 1/3 

SPOKOJNY--Dr. Artur. May 10, 1955-January 7,2014. Shabbat Bo, 1/15-16, is Artur's 2nd yartzeit. Time cannot erase our love, dear Artur. 1/3 SPOKOJNY--Dr. Artur. May 10, 1955-January 7,2014. Shabbat Bo, 1/15-16, is Artur's 2nd yartzeit. Time cannot erase our love, dear Artur. 1/3 

COSTAS--Christophil Basil, of New York, NY, passed away on January 12 at the age of 75. Raised in Brooklyn, he was the adored husband of Elizabeth, a devoted father to Alex and his wife, Jaime, and doting grandfather to Jack and Josephine. Chris was the genuine article, a lover of history, literature, music, fine food and wine. His enthusiasm for life, love of family, sense of humor and kindness touched us all. His spirit will remain with us always. The family will be receiving friends at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home on Friday, January 15. The funeral will be at 9am on Saturday, January 16 at the Holy Trinity Cathedral. 1/3 COSTAS--Christophil Basil, of New York, NY, passed away on January 12 at the age of 75. Raised in Brooklyn, he was the adored husband of Elizabeth, a devoted father to Alex and his wife, Jaime, and doting grandfather to Jack and Josephine. Chris was the genuine article, a lover of history, literature, music, fine food and wine. His enthusiasm for life, love of family, sense of humor and kindness touched us all. His spirit will remain with us always. The family will be receiving friends at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home on Friday, January 15. The funeral will be at 9am on Saturday, January 16 at the Holy Trinity Cathedral. 1/3 

SCHWARTZ--Howard Stuart, on January 13, 2016 at the age of 75. Beloved husband of Leslie and the late Gail. Dear father of Jeff and Laura (Lisa). Loving stepfather of Aimee (Michael) and Charles (Kathleen). Adoring grandfather of Emma, Noah, Caitlyn, Mia, Aidan, Christopher and Elizabeth. Donations in his name may be made to The American Heart Association. Services today, 11:15, at "The Riverside" 76 Street and Amsterdam Avenue. 1/3 SCHWARTZ--Howard Stuart, on January 13, 2016 at the age of 75. Beloved husband of Leslie and the late Gail. Dear father of Jeff and Laura (Lisa). Loving stepfather of Aimee (Michael) and Charles (Kathleen). Adoring grandfather of Emma, Noah, Caitlyn, Mia, Aidan, Christopher and Elizabeth. Donations in his name may be made to The American Heart Association. Services today, 11:15, at "The Riverside" 76 Street and Amsterdam Avenue. 1/3 

BARNET--Sylvan. The Trustees and staff of The Metropolitan Museum of Art mourn the passing of Sylvan Barnet, an esteemed Benefactor and generous donor to the Museum. With his late partner William Burto, he donated the 17 important Chinese and Japanese hanging scrolls, dating from the 12th to the 17th century, featured in the Met's 2002 exhibition "The Written Image: Japanese Calligraphy and Painting from the Sylvan Barnet and William Burto Collection." These scrolls are treasured enhancements to the Museum's extensive holdings of Asian art, and will continue to provide a great benefit to scholars and the general public for generations to come. Daniel Brodsky, Chairman Thomas P. Campbell, Director and CEO Daniel H. Weiss, President 1/3 BARNET--Sylvan. The Trustees and staff of The Metropolitan Museum of Art mourn the passing of Sylvan Barnet, an esteemed Benefactor and generous donor to the Museum. With his late partner William Burto, he donated the 17 important Chinese and Japanese hanging scrolls, dating from the 12th to the 17th century, featured in the Met's 2002 exhibition "The Written Image: Japanese Calligraphy and Painting from the Sylvan Barnet and William Burto Collection." These scrolls are treasured enhancements to the Museum's extensive holdings of Asian art, and will continue to provide a great benefit to scholars and the general public for generations to come. Daniel Brodsky, Chairman Thomas P. Campbell, Director and CEO Daniel H. Weiss, President 1/3 

MEYERS--Donald. Riverdale Mental Health Association extends condolences to the family of Donald Meyers, M.D. Husband of former Director Helen Meyers, father of Board member, Andrew Meyers, Don was a devoted supporter of RMHA. 1/3 MEYERS--Donald. Riverdale Mental Health Association extends condolences to the family of Donald Meyers, M.D. Husband of former Director Helen Meyers, father of Board member, Andrew Meyers, Don was a devoted supporter of RMHA. 1/3 

SONNENKLAR--Eric Gordon, 44 years old. Passed away suddenly on the morning of January 13, 2016. Devoted husband of Lisa. Adored father of Harris and Nicolas. Cherished son of Susan and the late Dr. Norman Sonnenklar. Beloved brother of Alan and Jill. Loving uncle of Jacob, Adam, Noah, Sam, Alessandro and Luke. He will be with us forever in our hearts. 1/3 SONNENKLAR--Eric Gordon, 44 years old. Passed away suddenly on the morning of January 13, 2016. Devoted husband of Lisa. Adored father of Harris and Nicolas. Cherished son of Susan and the late Dr. Norman Sonnenklar. Beloved brother of Alan and Jill. Loving uncle of Jacob, Adam, Noah, Sam, Alessandro and Luke. He will be with us forever in our hearts. 1/3 

KIGGEN--Edith Adams, a prominent music producer, died at Mt. Sinai Hospital on October 28, 2015. She died of advanced multiple sclerosis. Her career included working with such artists as Cab Calloway, Whitney Houston, Stevie Wonder and James Taylor. Mrs. Kiggen produced many events at Carnegie Hall, and the record "Swing Reunion," nominated for a Grammy in 1985. She was born in Pasadena, CA on January 19, 1936 to celebrated airline executive Alvin Adams and daughter of New York Governor Nathan Miller, Elizabeth Miller Adams. Edith Kiggen's brother, Ambassador Alvin Adams, Jr., died just two weeks earlier, on October 10, 2015. She is survived by her daughter Elizabeth Kiggen of New York City, brother Nathan Adams of Enis, MO, sister Helen Vollmer of Moraga, CA. 1/3 KIGGEN--Edith Adams, a prominent music producer, died at Mt. Sinai Hospital on October 28, 2015. She died of advanced multiple sclerosis. Her career included working with such artists as Cab Calloway, Whitney Houston, Stevie Wonder and James Taylor. Mrs. Kiggen produced many events at Carnegie Hall, and the record "Swing Reunion," nominated for a Grammy in 1985. She was born in Pasadena, CA on January 19, 1936 to celebrated airline executive Alvin Adams and daughter of New York Governor Nathan Miller, Elizabeth Miller Adams. Edith Kiggen's brother, Ambassador Alvin Adams, Jr., died just two weeks earlier, on October 10, 2015. She is survived by her daughter Elizabeth Kiggen of New York City, brother Nathan Adams of Enis, MO, sister Helen Vollmer of Moraga, CA. 1/3 

COCHRANE--Lydia Goodwin (Steinway). Youngest child of Ruth and Theodore Steinway, and the last of her generation. Survived by sons John and Nicholas, their wives Elizabeth Fama and Ginger Gregory, and six grandchildren. While she spent most of her adult life in Chicago and Italy, part of her remained a New Yorker. Her East Coast nephews, nieces, great-nephews and great-nieces are saddened by her death and send condolences to John, Nick and the rest of the Cochrane clan. 1/3 COCHRANE--Lydia Goodwin (Steinway). Youngest child of Ruth and Theodore Steinway, and the last of her generation. Survived by sons John and Nicholas, their wives Elizabeth Fama and Ginger Gregory, and six grandchildren. While she spent most of her adult life in Chicago and Italy, part of her remained a New Yorker. Her East Coast nephews, nieces, great-nephews and great-nieces are saddened by her death and send condolences to John, Nick and the rest of the Cochrane clan. 1/3 

COCHRANE--Lydia Goodwin (Steinway). 87, died in Chicago on January 5 of cardiac arrest, surrounded by family. Lydia was born in New York to Theo-dore and Ruth Steinway (Davis), the youngest of six children. After attending Dalton, Putney, Smith, and the University of Chicago, she taught French for many years at the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools, introducing Montessori-style methods into the curriculum. Later, she translated scholarly books and articles from French and Italian with the remarkable precision and passion that she brought to every endeavor. She was married to Eric W. Cochrane, noted professor of Italian history at the University of Chicago (died 1985). They lived in Chicago and Florence, Italy. An active member of the Fortnightly of Chicago, Tuesday Ladies, and two book groups, she swam in the early morning with friends and attended season subscriptions to almost everything Chicago has to offer. She is survived by her sons John and Nicholas, their wives Elizabeth Fama and Ginger Gregory, grandchildren Sally, Eric, Caleb, Jean, Lydia, and Sam, all of whom knew her as a deep friend, and a large Steinway/Davis/Cochrane clan. She was intelligent, inquisitive, open-minded, decisive, self-reliant, elegant, and infinitely complex. A memorial service will take place in Chicago in the early spring. 1/3 COCHRANE--Lydia Goodwin (Steinway). 87, died in Chicago on January 5 of cardiac arrest, surrounded by family. Lydia was born in New York to Theo-dore and Ruth Steinway (Davis), the youngest of six children. After attending Dalton, Putney, Smith, and the University of Chicago, she taught French for many years at the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools, introducing Montessori-style methods into the curriculum. Later, she translated scholarly books and articles from French and Italian with the remarkable precision and passion that she brought to every endeavor. She was married to Eric W. Cochrane, noted professor of Italian history at the University of Chicago (died 1985). They lived in Chicago and Florence, Italy. An active member of the Fortnightly of Chicago, Tuesday Ladies, and two book groups, she swam in the early morning with friends and attended season subscriptions to almost everything Chicago has to offer. She is survived by her sons John and Nicholas, their wives Elizabeth Fama and Ginger Gregory, grandchildren Sally, Eric, Caleb, Jean, Lydia, and Sam, all of whom knew her as a deep friend, and a large Steinway/Davis/Cochrane clan. She was intelligent, inquisitive, open-minded, decisive, self-reliant, elegant, and infinitely complex. A memorial service will take place in Chicago in the early spring. 1/3 

SCHALLER--Ralph F.,died peacefully in his sleep on the morning of January 10, 2016, next to his adored and adoring wife, Roni Schaller, who remained by his side throughout his illness. His friends and family cannot imagine life without him. A memorial to celebrate his life will take place on Sunday, January 17, at 1:30pm, at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Avenue. As Ralph told all who asked, "I had a great life, better than most." 1/3 SCHALLER--Ralph F.,died peacefully in his sleep on the morning of January 10, 2016, next to his adored and adoring wife, Roni Schaller, who remained by his side throughout his illness. His friends and family cannot imagine life without him. A memorial to celebrate his life will take place on Sunday, January 17, at 1:30pm, at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Avenue. As Ralph told all who asked, "I had a great life, better than most." 1/3 

SIEGEL--Peter L. It is with heavy hearts, we announce that Peter L. Siegel died January 6, 2016 due to complications from a bone marrow transplant for the treatment of Leukemia. Peter was born in New York City on March 24, 1950 and grew up in Great Neck, NY. He has a BA from the University of Mass. Amherst, and holds two masters degrees from the University of Chicago. He was a passionate sailor and resided in Brooklyn, NY. He is survived by his sister and brother-in-law, Deborah and William Cosentino, seven cousins, as well as his very dear friends Dave Turner and Christine Benner. He is and will be greatly missed. We will be holding a memorial service for Peter this spring in New York City, time and location to be announced. 1/3 SIEGEL--Peter L. It is with heavy hearts, we announce that Peter L. Siegel died January 6, 2016 due to complications from a bone marrow transplant for the treatment of Leukemia. Peter was born in New York City on March 24, 1950 and grew up in Great Neck, NY. He has a BA from the University of Mass. Amherst, and holds two masters degrees from the University of Chicago. He was a passionate sailor and resided in Brooklyn, NY. He is survived by his sister and brother-in-law, Deborah and William Cosentino, seven cousins, as well as his very dear friends Dave Turner and Christine Benner. He is and will be greatly missed. We will be holding a memorial service for Peter this spring in New York City, time and location to be announced. 1/3 

O'HARA--Rebecca Browning. O'HARA--Katharine Barbara (Kate), died on December 31, 2015. Rebecca was 99, of NYC. She is survived by her daughters, The Reverend Ellen O'Hara, Terry E. O'Hara, Liza O'Hara Mercereau, Alice O'Hara, and Hedwig O'Hara; by her son, Henry P. O'Hara; by her granddaughters, Julie Rosado and Emily Bader; and her great-grandchildren, Laila Sanchez and Jelani Sanchez. Katharine O'Hara, her daughter, was 71, of Staten Island. A memorial service will be held at Redden's Funeral Home at 325 West 14th Street, NYC on Monday, January 18, 2016 from 4pm to 6pm. The family requests that in lieu of sending flowers, donations be made to Amsterdam House (www.amsterdamnursing home.org) or Community Access (communityaccess.org) or to the beneficiary of donor's choice. 1/3 O'HARA--Rebecca Browning. O'HARA--Katharine Barbara (Kate), died on December 31, 2015. Rebecca was 99, of NYC. She is survived by her daughters, The Reverend Ellen O'Hara, Terry E. O'Hara, Liza O'Hara Mercereau, Alice O'Hara, and Hedwig O'Hara; by her son, Henry P. O'Hara; by her granddaughters, Julie Rosado and Emily Bader; and her great-grandchildren, Laila Sanchez and Jelani Sanchez. Katharine O'Hara, her daughter, was 71, of Staten Island. A memorial service will be held at Redden's Funeral Home at 325 West 14th Street, NYC on Monday, January 18, 2016 from 4pm to 6pm. The family requests that in lieu of sending flowers, donations be made to Amsterdam House (www.amsterdamnursing home.org) or Community Access (communityaccess.org) or to the beneficiary of donor's choice. 1/3 

KIND--Patricia. Fountain House members, Board and staff, who have been so deeply impacted by Patricia Kind's extraordinary compassion and lifelong commitment to people with mental illness, extend our sincere condolences to her family for its loss. Daughter of Hedwig and Arnold van Ameringen, Fountain House's early benefactors, Patricia carried on her family's legacy of unparalleled generosity and its tradition of making our world a better place for the most vulnerable. Though based in Philadelphia, Patricia's altruism and empathy made Fountain House a place of hope and transformation for countless people in New York City and an inspiration for model programs around the country and the world. She was instrumental in the founding of clubhouse model programs in the Philadelphia area, Hedwig House and Circle Lodge. The Fountain House community extends its condolences to Patricia's children: Laura McKenna, Christina Kind, Valerie Kind-Rubin, Ken Kind, and Andy Kindfuller; brother, Henry van Ameringen; and niece Alex Herzan. Patricia's friendship and unwavering faith in our efforts will be greatly missed. With sympathy and gratitude, Kenneth J. Dudek, President, Fountain House 1/3 KIND--Patricia. Fountain House members, Board and staff, who have been so deeply impacted by Patricia Kind's extraordinary compassion and lifelong commitment to people with mental illness, extend our sincere condolences to her family for its loss. Daughter of Hedwig and Arnold van Ameringen, Fountain House's early benefactors, Patricia carried on her family's legacy of unparalleled generosity and its tradition of making our world a better place for the most vulnerable. Though based in Philadelphia, Patricia's altruism and empathy made Fountain House a place of hope and transformation for countless people in New York City and an inspiration for model programs around the country and the world. She was instrumental in the founding of clubhouse model programs in the Philadelphia area, Hedwig House and Circle Lodge. The Fountain House community extends its condolences to Patricia's children: Laura McKenna, Christina Kind, Valerie Kind-Rubin, Ken Kind, and Andy Kindfuller; brother, Henry van Ameringen; and niece Alex Herzan. Patricia's friendship and unwavering faith in our efforts will be greatly missed. With sympathy and gratitude, Kenneth J. Dudek, President, Fountain House 1/3 

PRESENT--Daniel, M.D. The volunteers and staff of the Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America joins the IBD community in mourning the passing of Daniel Present, M.D., founder of the Foundation for Clinical Research in Inflammatory Bowel Disease at Mount Sinai. Dr. Present was a brilliant clinician who touched and improved the lives of thousands of patients living with Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis during his 50 years of medical practice. Our sincere condolences to his family. 1/3 PRESENT--Daniel, M.D. The volunteers and staff of the Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America joins the IBD community in mourning the passing of Daniel Present, M.D., founder of the Foundation for Clinical Research in Inflammatory Bowel Disease at Mount Sinai. Dr. Present was a brilliant clinician who touched and improved the lives of thousands of patients living with Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis during his 50 years of medical practice. Our sincere condolences to his family. 1/3 

WURTH--Marjorie. Beloved wife to Herbert, mother to William and Laurel, sister to Carol, grandmother and aunt. Marge was a fashion writer who charmed the world with her dry, brilliant wit. Love. 1/3 WURTH--Marjorie. Beloved wife to Herbert, mother to William and Laurel, sister to Carol, grandmother and aunt. Marge was a fashion writer who charmed the world with her dry, brilliant wit. Love. 1/3 

BLAUFARB--Leon Solomon. Baruch atta Adonai melech haolam dayan emet. Our dad passed away January 13th with his family around him. Storyteller, attorney, bartender, reader, fisher, athlete, a master of The Times Crossword. The best parts of him continue on in the best parts of his sons. Memorial service Monday, January 18, 2016, 11am, Park Slope Jewish Center, 1320 8th Ave, Brooklyn. 1/3 BLAUFARB--Leon Solomon. Baruch atta Adonai melech haolam dayan emet. Our dad passed away January 13th with his family around him. Storyteller, attorney, bartender, reader, fisher, athlete, a master of The Times Crossword. The best parts of him continue on in the best parts of his sons. Memorial service Monday, January 18, 2016, 11am, Park Slope Jewish Center, 1320 8th Ave, Brooklyn. 1/3 

RICKMAN--Alan. Brooklyn Academy of Music (BAM) mourns the passing of Alan Rickman, an exceptional talent and great friend to the institution as an actor, director, advocate, and audience member. Alan was part of our artistic family, directing "Creditors" in 2010, directing and performing in "John Gabriel Borkman" in 2011, graciously serving as co-emcee at a gala for our departing president, and participating in numerous BAMcinematek and humanities programs. BAM was graced by Alan's creative passion, consummate professionalism and kindness, and we extend our heartfelt condolences to his wife Rima and family at this time. BAM President Katy Clark, BAM Executive Producer Joseph V. Melillo, BAM President Emerita Karen Brooks Hopkins, BAM board and staff 1/3 RICKMAN--Alan. Brooklyn Academy of Music (BAM) mourns the passing of Alan Rickman, an exceptional talent and great friend to the institution as an actor, director, advocate, and audience member. Alan was part of our artistic family, directing "Creditors" in 2010, directing and performing in "John Gabriel Borkman" in 2011, graciously serving as co-emcee at a gala for our departing president, and participating in numerous BAMcinematek and humanities programs. BAM was graced by Alan's creative passion, consummate professionalism and kindness, and we extend our heartfelt condolences to his wife Rima and family at this time. BAM President Katy Clark, BAM Executive Producer Joseph V. Melillo, BAM President Emerita Karen Brooks Hopkins, BAM board and staff 1/3 

A federal judge has reduced the prison sentence being served by Anthony Bosch, the former owner of a South Florida clinic that supplied banned substances to baseball players. A federal judge has reduced the prison sentence being served by Anthony Bosch, the former owner of a South Florida clinic that supplied banned substances to baseball players. 

The Spurs remain undefeated at home this season. The Spurs remain undefeated at home this season. San Antonio Spurs defeat Cleveland Cavaliers, 99-95, to remain undefeated.

A 15-year contract extension between Ohio State and Nike is believed to be the largest college apparel deal ever. A 15-year contract extension between Ohio State and Nike is believed to be the largest college apparel deal ever. Ohio State signs 15-year contract extension with Nike in what is believed to be largest apparel deal in college sports history; other college sports news noted.

The Chicago Fire selected midfielder Jack Harrison from Wake Forest with the first overall pick in the M.L.S. draft, then traded him to New York City F.C. The Chicago Fire selected midfielder Jack Harrison from Wake Forest with the first overall pick in the M.L.S. draft, then traded him to New York City F.C. Chicago Fire selects Wake Forest midfielder Jack Harrison with first overall pick in MLS draft before trading him to New York City FC.

With time running out, the Republicans went for broke at their most venomous meeting yet. With time running out, the Republicans went for broke at their most venomous meeting yet. 

Vijay Singh opened with a seven-under-par 63 for a five-way share of the lead and at the Sony Open in Honolulu. Vijay Singh opened with a seven-under-par 63 for a five-way share of the lead and at the Sony Open in Honolulu. Vijay Singh, Brandt Snedeker, Kevin Kisner, Ricky Barnes and Morgan Hoffmann share lead after first round of Sony Open golf tournament; other golf news noted.

Bananas were reportedly thrown at a black player during a Kontinental Hockey League game in Moscow this week. Bananas were reportedly thrown at a black player during a Kontinental Hockey League game in Moscow this week. 

Haden Ware, co-founder of an Antigua-based sports betting site, pleaded guilty to a gambling-related charge in federal court in Manhattan. Haden Ware, co-founder of an Antigua-based sports betting site, pleaded guilty to a gambling-related charge in federal court in Manhattan. Antigua-based betting site co-founder Haden Ware pleads guilty to gambling-related charge in Manhattan federal court.

Donald J. Trump and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas shed months of cordiality as the latest presidential debate became a hand-to-hand fight in their razor-close contest in the Iowa caucuses. Donald J. Trump and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas shed months of cordiality as the latest presidential debate became a hand-to-hand fight in their razor-close contest in the Iowa caucuses. Donald J Trump and Sen Ted Cruz dominate Republican presidential debate ahead of Iowa caucuses, intensely attacking each other over Canadian-born Cruz's eligibility to be president and Trump's 'New York' values; candidates portray America in economic decline as pressure builds in race.

A tour bus on its way to a ski resort in central Japan slid down a mountainside, killing at least 14 and injuring 27 others, officials said. A tour bus on its way to a ski resort in central Japan slid down a mountainside, killing at least 14 and injuring 27 others, officials said. Fourteen passengers are killed when tour bus bound for ski resort in central Japan crashes, latest in series of bus accidents some attribute to drivers' harsh working conditions.

Jaroslav Halak made 34 saves to help the Islanders defeat the Rangers in a spirited battle at Barclays Center. Jaroslav Halak made 34 saves to help the Islanders defeat the Rangers in a spirited battle at Barclays Center. New York Islanders defeat New York Rangers, 3-1.

A rivalry between Sally’s Apizza and Frank Pepe Pizzeria Napoletana, separated for decades by only a block, is complicated as one considers a sale. A rivalry between Sally’s Apizza and Frank Pepe Pizzeria Napoletana, separated for decades by only a block, is complicated as one considers a sale. Pizza enthusiasts in New Haven have been rattled by possible sale of iconic pizzeria Sally's Apizza and related legal battle.

The study, which was originally due at the end of November, aimed to assess the ride-hailing service’s effects on traffic congestion in Manhattan. The study, which was originally due at the end of November, aimed to assess the ride-hailing service’s effects on traffic congestion in Manhattan. Mayor Bill de Blasio's administration has yet to release findings of study about Uber's effect on New York City traffic, almost six weeks after deadline; it is clear administration is still struggling with how to frame study's findings, which will be used to draw up regulation governing for-hire vehicles.

The members of a banned Islamist group were fatally shot as the police stepped up their hunt for militants after attacks on mosques, Christian priests and Hindu temples. The members of a banned Islamist group were fatally shot as the police stepped up their hunt for militants after attacks on mosques, Christian priests and Hindu temples. Bangladeshi police say they fatally shot two suspected militants from banned Islamic extremist group Jamaat-ul-Mujahedeen, after recent spate of attacks.

The defending champion Serena Williams and fifth-seeded Maria Sharapova were drawn into the same section for the Australian Open on Friday, meaning last year’s finalists could meet in the quarterfinals. The defending champion Serena Williams and fifth-seeded Maria Sharapova were drawn into the same section for the Australian Open on Friday, meaning last year’s finalists could meet in the quarterfinals. Serena Williams gets tough draw in Australian Open tennis tournament, event she won in 2015; other tennis news noted.

Mr. Frayn’s comedy depicting a company of second-tier actors performing in a British sex farce is at the American Airlines Theater through March 6. Mr. Frayn’s comedy depicting a company of second-tier actors performing in a British sex farce is at the American Airlines Theater through March 6. Charles Isherwood reviews Roundabout Theater Company revival of Michael Frayn play Noises Off, directed by Jeremy Herrin and starring Andrea Martin, Megan Hilty and Campbell Scott, at American Airlines Theater.

Frank Gaul and his wife left their native Guyana in 2010 to be closer to their daughter and her children in New York, but his night job as a security guard limits the time he can spend with them. Frank Gaul and his wife left their native Guyana in 2010 to be closer to their daughter and her children in New York, but his night job as a security guard limits the time he can spend with them. Community Service Society of New York, one of seven organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, helps Frank Gaul of Queens pay for classes and offers him financial assistance for transportation costs.

Mr. Angélil recognized Ms. Dion’s singing talent when she was 12 and guided her career for more than 30 years. Mr. Angélil recognized Ms. Dion’s singing talent when she was 12 and guided her career for more than 30 years. Rene Angelil, producer who discovered singer Celine Dion and later married her after guiding her to fame, dies at age 73.

Amir Hekmati was treated for swelling in his face and neck at a hospital, relatives said, the first time he has been allowed to leave prison since he was seized in 2011. Amir Hekmati was treated for swelling in his face and neck at a hospital, relatives said, the first time he has been allowed to leave prison since he was seized in 2011. Former American Marine imprisoned in Iran is taken to hospital for treatment; family of Amir Hekmati, whose original death sentence for espionage was overturned, is hopeful that episode points to possible release; three other Iranian-Americans remain in custody, including Washington Post correspondent Jason Rezaian.

Mr. Gomelsky, who was born on a ship going from Ukraine to Italy, also worked with the Yardbirds early in their career. Mr. Gomelsky, who was born on a ship going from Ukraine to Italy, also worked with the Yardbirds early in their career. Giorgio Gomelsky, record producer and pivotal figure in London music scene of 1960s, who gave the Rolling Stones their start, dies at age 81.

A left-hander with a baffling screwball, he pitched in two World Series and as a reliever helped Whitey Ford achieve his finest season with the Yankees. A left-hander with a baffling screwball, he pitched in two World Series and as a reliever helped Whitey Ford achieve his finest season with the Yankees. Luis Arroyo, left-hander who was an All-Star in both American and National Leagues, and who was considered the best reliever in baseball in 1961, boosting the powerful New York Yankees with a signature screwball pitch, dies at age 88. 

The N.C.I.S. has begun further inquiry into allegations that Navy SEALs and Afghan police militiamen beat several detainees, including one who died, at an isolated outpost in 2012. The N.C.I.S. has begun further inquiry into allegations that Navy SEALs and Afghan police militiamen beat several detainees, including one who died, at an isolated outpost in 2012. Naval Criminal Investigative Service reopens its probe into alleged beatings of detainees by Navy SEALS and Afghan police at isolated outpost in Afghanistan in 2012; previous inquiry had ended after SEAL commander cleared members of wrongdoing, but revelations in New York Times article and questions from Congress have raised further concerns; latest investigation will seek out new Afghan witnesses.

The reality TV show “I Am Cait,” which has explored transgender issues, has drawn middling audiences after a strong start. The reality TV show “I Am Cait,” which has explored transgender issues, has drawn middling audiences after a strong start. 

A’Ja Wilson had 26 points and 13 rebounds as No. 2 South Carolina remained undefeated A’Ja Wilson had 26 points and 13 rebounds as No. 2 South Carolina remained undefeated College Basketball Roundup; South Carolina women's basketball team defeats Kentucky, 73-62, to remain undefeated; other women's and men's basketball scores noted.

Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s new budget would shift one-third of the City University’s costs to the city from the state, displeasing Mayor Bill de Blasio. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s new budget would shift one-third of the City University’s costs to the city from the state, displeasing Mayor Bill de Blasio. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio criticizes Gov Andrew M Cuomo's decision to shift third of annual budget of City University of New York from state to city's balance sheet, which Cuomo left unmentioned in his State of State speech; aides to Cuomo say move is reasonable and has historical precedent.

It was unclear whether Hagan Capital and Silver Creek would raise their offer or seek to persuade a bankruptcy judge to accept their bid. It was unclear whether Hagan Capital and Silver Creek would raise their offer or seek to persuade a bankruptcy judge to accept their bid. American Apparel declines takeover proposal from Hagan Capital Group and Silver Creek Capital Partners which would have brought back retailer’s sacked founder Dov Charney; company fired Charney for misusing company funds in 2014, and filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in October 2015.

The administration announced the action Friday as it considers an overhaul of the program that could lead to increased costs for energy companies and deter future extractions. The administration announced the action Friday as it considers an overhaul of the program that could lead to increased costs for energy companies and deter future extractions. Obama administration announces pause in issuance of new coal mining leases on public lands, citing its consideration of overhaul of federal coal program; halt is considerable setback for coal industry as it effectively freezes new coal production on federal lands.

Before the violent assaults on women in Cologne on New Year’s Eve, the police thought their biggest worry would be pickpocketing and fireworks among the crowds. Before the violent assaults on women in Cologne on New Year’s Eve, the police thought their biggest worry would be pickpocketing and fireworks among the crowds. Sexual assaults and robberies by 1,500 men, many of them immigrants, against women in Cologne, Germany, on New Year's Eve points up police miscalculation in dealing with up to million asylum seekers, most from war-riven Muslim countries with different cultures; Germany faces challenge of integrating vast new population amid decreasing tolerance.

A full transcript of the preliminary Republican debate in South Carolina, as transcribed by the Federal News Service. A full transcript of the preliminary Republican debate in South Carolina, as transcribed by the Federal News Service. 

Senator Ted Cruz of Texas calling out Donald Trump for the apparent high crime of “embodying New York values” presents us with the politics of hypocrisy. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas calling out Donald Trump for the apparent high crime of “embodying New York values” presents us with the politics of hypocrisy. Jim Dwyer About New York column underscores Sen Ted Cruz's hypocrisy during latest Republican presidential primary debate for criticizing so-called New York values; notes what is most galling about statement is that Cruz also claimed Donald J Trump embodies New York values, when fact is only thing Trump values is himself.

Corey Crawford made 39 saves as the Blackhawks edged the Canadiens, 2-1, moving Coach Joel Quenneville past Al Arbour and behind only Scotty Bowman, who won 1,244 N.H.L. games. Corey Crawford made 39 saves as the Blackhawks edged the Canadiens, 2-1, moving Coach Joel Quenneville past Al Arbour and behind only Scotty Bowman, who won 1,244 N.H.L. games. NHL Roundup; Chicago Blackhawks defeat Montreal Canadiens, 2-1; other hockey scores noted.

The Republican candidates were in North Charleston, S.C., for the next-to-last debate before voting begins on Feb. 1 in Iowa. The Republican candidates were in North Charleston, S.C., for the next-to-last debate before voting begins on Feb. 1 in Iowa. 

After long holding off on a big overhaul, Morgan Stanley is cutting hundreds of jobs on its troubled bond and commodity trading desks. After long holding off on a big overhaul, Morgan Stanley is cutting hundreds of jobs on its troubled bond and commodity trading desks. Morgan Stanley chief executive James P Gorman, after delaying shakeup of bank, is heeding investors' calls for cuts and plans to lay off 25 percent of staff, or hundreds of employees; cuts will be centered on troubled bond and commodity trading desks; some observers say actions are too little and too late.

Critics of Gov. Paul LePage failed to muster enough support to require a vote Thursday on an independent investigation that could have led to impeachment for alleged abuse of power. Critics of Gov. Paul LePage failed to muster enough support to require a vote Thursday on an independent investigation that could have led to impeachment for alleged abuse of power. Critics of Maine Gov Paul LePage fail to garner enough support to require House vote on independent investigation into some of his actions Democrats say could have led to his impeachment for alleged abuse of power.  

The F.B.I. said Thursday that there was no indication that the man who ambushed a Philadelphia policeman was part of an organized terror cell. The F.B.I. said Thursday that there was no indication that the man who ambushed a Philadelphia policeman was part of an organized terror cell. Federal Bureau of Investigation reports no indication that Edward Archer of Yeadon, Pa, who attacked Philadelphia Police Officer Jesse Hartnett, was part of organized terror cell; Yeadon, who faces attempted murder charge, says he was acting in name of Islam.

The names of hotels and other facilities in Yosemite National Park will change in a battle over who owns the intellectual property. The names of hotels and other facilities in Yosemite National Park will change in a battle over who owns the intellectual property. Spokesman for Yosemite National Park says names of hotels and other facilities in the park will change due to dispute with New York company Delaware North, which lost bid to run park's facilities and says that it paid for intellectual property behind concessions in question.

FIFA said that Real Madrid and Atlético Madrid could not sign new players until the summer of 2017 because they had improperly signed players younger than 18. FIFA said that Real Madrid and Atlético Madrid could not sign new players until the summer of 2017 because they had improperly signed players younger than 18. FIFA finds Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid guilty of illegally signing players younger than 18, and temporarily bars them from acquiring more players; other soccer news noted.

NASA announced on Thursday the companies it had selected for a second round of contracts to take cargo to the International Space Station. NASA announced on Thursday the companies it had selected for a second round of contracts to take cargo to the International Space Station. NASA announces Space Exploration Technologies Corporation, Orbital ATK and Sierra Nevada Corporation have been selected in second round of contracts to transport payloads, including scientific equipment, to International Space Station.

In a lighthearted, 30-minute session, Maccagnan was most candid in discussing his interest in re-signing Ryan Fitzpatrick, who set a franchise record with 31 touchdown passes. In a lighthearted, 30-minute session, Maccagnan was most candid in discussing his interest in re-signing Ryan Fitzpatrick, who set a franchise record with 31 touchdown passes. New York Jets general manager Mike Maccagnan hints that team, facing a more restrictive salary cap next season, will play it cautious this off-season.

The president has said he will seek more encounters in his last year with people who disagree with him, though recent events have drawn supportive crowds. The president has said he will seek more encounters in his last year with people who disagree with him, though recent events have drawn supportive crowds. White House Memo; Pres Obama visits Nebraska and Louisiana after his State of the Union Address, part of what his aides say is his desire to speak to Americans who disagree with him; president is welcome in each state, however, by largely Democratic and supportive crowds.

Brown-Forman, the American spirits maker, said its Southern Comfort and Tuaca brands would be sold to the Louisiana-based Sazerac. Brown-Forman, the American spirits maker, said its Southern Comfort and Tuaca brands would be sold to the Louisiana-based Sazerac. Brown-Forman will sell its Southern Comfort and Tuaca liqueur brands to Sazerac for $475 million.

Hyatt said Thursday that it found malicious software in about 250 of its hotels that may have exposed customers’ credit and debit card numbers and other information to hackers. Hyatt said Thursday that it found malicious software in about 250 of its hotels that may have exposed customers’ credit and debit card numbers and other information to hackers. Hyatt reports discovery of malicious software in payment systems of almost 250 of its hotels, saying threat was operative from July to December; warn that credit card and other customer information may have been stolen. 

Britain’s biggest supermarket comfortably surpassed forecasts for Christmas sales, buoyed by lower prices, indicating that the company may be recovering from several years in turmoil. Britain’s biggest supermarket comfortably surpassed forecasts for Christmas sales, buoyed by lower prices, indicating that the company may be recovering from several years in turmoil. 

  

The agency, Amaq, is not officially part of the Islamic State’s media apparatus — but it functions much that way, Rukmini Callimachi writes. The agency, Amaq, is not officially part of the Islamic State’s media apparatus — but it functions much that way, Rukmini Callimachi writes. Amaq News Agency functions as de facto media outlet for Islamic State, despite attempt to appear objective; service is frequently first to publish via smartphone app confirmation of Islamic State's responsibility for attacks; militant group, which operates its own more overtly propagandist media, has tacitly allowed Amaq to flourish.

In this animated film, the voluble title character heads to New York to fight a proposal for condo construction in his habitat. In this animated film, the voluble title character heads to New York to fight a proposal for condo construction in his habitat. Glenn Kenny reviews animated movie Norm of the North, directed by Trevor Wall and starring voice of Rob Schneider.

A listing of discussions, film screenings, cultural activities and walking tours in New York City. A listing of discussions, film screenings, cultural activities and walking tours in New York City. 

  

Three would-be burglars who break into a home find themselves in an unexpected game of cat and mouse with its agoraphobic owner. Three would-be burglars who break into a home find themselves in an unexpected game of cat and mouse with its agoraphobic owner. Jeannette Catsoulis reviews movie Intruders, directed by Adam Schindler and starring Beth Riesgraf.

  

This film, starring Ron Perlman and Rupert Grint, invests too much in the comedy potential of things that haven’t been funny for a long while. This film, starring Ron Perlman and Rupert Grint, invests too much in the comedy potential of things that haven’t been funny for a long while. Neil Genzlinger reviews movie Moonwalkers, directed by Antoine Bardou-Jacquet and starring Ron Perlman and Rupert Grint.

  

Benicio Del Toro and Tim Robbins star in this Fernando León de Aranoa’s film set in the Balkan countryside in 1995. Benicio Del Toro and Tim Robbins star in this Fernando León de Aranoa’s film set in the Balkan countryside in 1995. Manohla Dargis reviews movie A Perfect Day, directed by Fernando Leon de Aranoa and starring Benicio Del Toro and Tim Robbins.

In ‘The Benefactor,’ Mr. Gere, who is dependent on morphine, makes others dependent on him. In ‘The Benefactor,’ Mr. Gere, who is dependent on morphine, makes others dependent on him. Stephen Holden reviews movie The Benefactor, written and directed by Andrew Renzi and starring Richard Gere and Dakota Fanning.

This exhibition presents about 30 paintings from the 1950s, mostly landscapes, of an artist who was in the shadow of her husband, Milton Avery. This exhibition presents about 30 paintings from the 1950s, mostly landscapes, of an artist who was in the shadow of her husband, Milton Avery. Roberta Smith reviews exhibit of paintings by Sally Michel and Doris Lee at D Wigmore Fine Art gallery.

  

Ms. Sedira explores the idea of cultural gain and loss in her first New York solo exhibition. Ms. Sedira explores the idea of cultural gain and loss in her first New York solo exhibition. Holland Cotter reviews exhibit Present Tense, displaying photos and video by Zineb Sedira, at Taymour Grahne Gallery. 

Female students and professionals have been using the hashtag #astroSH to share stories of how sexism has affected them. Female students and professionals have been using the hashtag #astroSH to share stories of how sexism has affected them. 

Ms. Ono’s exhibition is at the Andrea Rosen and the Lelong galleries and invites visitors to participate in the artwork. Ms. Ono’s exhibition is at the Andrea Rosen and the Lelong galleries and invites visitors to participate in the artwork. Ken Johnson reviews participatory art installations by Yoko Ono at Andrea Rosen Gallery and Galerie Lelong. 

WNYC and the Apollo Theater will present the 10th edition of their annual King celebration, and the choreographer Bill T. Jones will discuss the influence of activism on his work. WNYC and the Apollo Theater will present the 10th edition of their annual King celebration, and the choreographer Bill T. Jones will discuss the influence of activism on his work. 

  

A first glimpse of what a small group of Cuban artists were up to in the 1950s and early ’60s. A first glimpse of what a small group of Cuban artists were up to in the 1950s and early ’60s. Roberta Smith reviews exhibit Cuba Concrete, showcasing Cuban artist group Los Diez Pintores Concretos (10 Concrete Painters), at David Zwirner gallery. 

A Beatles ballad and an “Annie” anthem blend in Annie Dorsen’s hourlong work at La MaMa, part of the Coil festival. A Beatles ballad and an “Annie” anthem blend in Annie Dorsen’s hourlong work at La MaMa, part of the Coil festival. Charles Isherwood reviews musical theater piece Yesterday Tomorrow, created and directed by Annie Dorsen and starring Natalie Raybould, Jeffrey Gavett and Hai-Ting Chinn, at La MaMa as part of Coil Festival.

“Art was, seriously, the only thing I’d ever wanted to own,” Mr. Bowie said in a 1998 conversation about his own collections and creations. “Art was, seriously, the only thing I’d ever wanted to own,” Mr. Bowie said in a 1998 conversation about his own collections and creations. Reprint of Michael Kimmelman interview with David Bowie, published in New York Times on June 14, 1998, with updated introduction.

David Bowie grasped painting as a lifeline in the 1970s and went on to create art until the end. David Bowie grasped painting as a lifeline in the 1970s and went on to create art until the end. Modern Painters magazine editor Karen Wright, author Kevin Cann and artists Beezy Bailey and Jeff Koons recall David Bowie’s passion for creating and collecting art; paintings and other works by Bowie comprise touring exhibition David Bowie Is, which is on display this January at Groninger Museum in the Netherlands. 

  

  

The one-man play, by Chris Thorpe, looks at confirmation bias, and tries to make the audience truly consider another person’s competing viewpoint. The one-man play, by Chris Thorpe, looks at confirmation bias, and tries to make the audience truly consider another person’s competing viewpoint. Ben Brantley reviews Chris Thorpe one-man show Confirmation at Invisible Dog Art Center as part of Performance Space 122's Coil Festival.

  

This drama from Philippe Garrel depicts two filmmakers, one of whom is a philandering husband. But Mr. Garrel is more interested in the story’s women. This drama from Philippe Garrel depicts two filmmakers, one of whom is a philandering husband. But Mr. Garrel is more interested in the story’s women. A O Scott reviews movie In the Shadow of Women, directed by Philippe Garrel and starring Stanislas Merhar and Clotilde Courau.

This exhibition includes fascinating work from before and after Iran’s revolution; and it looks great. This exhibition includes fascinating work from before and after Iran’s revolution; and it looks great. Holland Cotter reviews exhibition Global/Local 1960-2015: Six Artists From Iran at New York University's Grey Art Gallery. 

The suit states that the defendants set up a fake company claiming to be a provider of fetal tissue to researchers, violating racketeering and state privacy laws. The suit states that the defendants set up a fake company claiming to be a provider of fetal tissue to researchers, violating racketeering and state privacy laws. Planned Parenthood Federation of America and its seven California affiliates file federal lawsuit against anti-abortion group Center for Medical Progress, as well as group's officials; suit claims group was engaged in criminal enterprise in creating undercover videos about Planned Parenthood in order to spread unfounded and damaging claims about organization.

Ken Thompson, the Brooklyn district attorney, said his office needed more time as conflicting statements and videos clouded accounts of the attack last week. Ken Thompson, the Brooklyn district attorney, said his office needed more time as conflicting statements and videos clouded accounts of the attack last week. Brooklyn Dist Atty Ken Thompson says four of five defendants suspected of raping woman at playground in Brownsville neighborhood will be released from jail as he will not be able to obtain indictments for them by deadline; fifth defendant will remain in jail because of unrelated pending case.

The stars reunite as mismatched police partners, now on a Miami drug lord’s trail. Ken Jeong, Olivia Munn and Sherri Shepherd lend a hand. The stars reunite as mismatched police partners, now on a Miami drug lord’s trail. Ken Jeong, Olivia Munn and Sherri Shepherd lend a hand. A O Scott reviews movie Ride Along 2, directed by Tim Story and starring Kevin Hart and Ice Cube.

In this variety-style show, Mr. Hines tells the story of his career rise and that of his brother, Gregory, who died in 2003. In this variety-style show, Mr. Hines tells the story of his career rise and that of his brother, Gregory, who died in 2003. Laura Collins-Hughes reviews musical autobiography show Maurice Hines Tappin' Thru Life, directed by Jeff Calhoun, at New World Stages.

Goldman Sachs is among the last big Wall Street banks to settle claims for selling flawed mortgage securities. Goldman Sachs is among the last big Wall Street banks to settle claims for selling flawed mortgage securities. Goldman Sachs agrees to pay civil settlement of up to $5 billion over claims that it marketed and sold faulty mortgage securities to investors in lead up to financial crisis. 

The S.E.C. has charged that a former State Street executive and an outside lobbyist made cash payments and campaign contributions in exchange for public pension contracts. The S.E.C. has charged that a former State Street executive and an outside lobbyist made cash payments and campaign contributions in exchange for public pension contracts. 

An E. coli outbreak has been a particularly hard blow for a popular chain that has based its reputation on fresh food. An E. coli outbreak has been a particularly hard blow for a popular chain that has based its reputation on fresh food. James B Stewart Common Sense column says Chipotle Mexican Grill, weighed down by E coli bacterium contamination, has seen its success shrivel; points out it has more than 2,000 restaurants and had market value of $23 billion in August 2015, but its stock has fallen 47 percent since then; says chain noted for its quality and fresh food may face criminal charges.

P.P.O.W. and Galerie Lelong will collaborate on that show. Also, the artist Marcel Dzama is designing sets and costumes for Justin Peck’s new ballet. P.P.O.W. and Galerie Lelong will collaborate on that show. Also, the artist Marcel Dzama is designing sets and costumes for Justin Peck’s new ballet. Robin Pogrebin Inside Art column; P P O W gallery and Galerie Lelong will co-host October solo exhibition of works by feminist artist Carolee Schneemann; visual artist Marcel Dzama, selected by New York City Ballet to create installation at David H Koch Theater promenade, will design costumes and sets for Justin Peck’s ballet The Most Incredible Thing; Augusto Arbizo celebrates new home of his 11R gallery at 195 Chrystie Street with January display of watercolors and collages by artist Moira Dryer.

After Mr. Bush’s “super PAC,” Right to Rise, imagined Mr. Rubio as a weathervane and Mr. Bush as a freight train by comparison, the super PAC behind Mr. Rubio, fired back. After Mr. Bush’s “super PAC,” Right to Rise, imagined Mr. Rubio as a weathervane and Mr. Bush as a freight train by comparison, the super PAC behind Mr. Rubio, fired back. 

Mr. Bay has moderately scaled back his extreme-cinema approach for the story about the attack on the American diplomatic mission in 2012. Mr. Bay has moderately scaled back his extreme-cinema approach for the story about the attack on the American diplomatic mission in 2012. Manohla Dargis reviews movie 13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi, directed by Michael Bay and starring John Krasinski.

While not a splashy choice for head coach, McAdoo, the team’s offensive coordinator for the last two years, is not a continuation of the Tom Coughlin era, either. While not a splashy choice for head coach, McAdoo, the team’s offensive coordinator for the last two years, is not a continuation of the Tom Coughlin era, either. Bill Pennington On Pro Football column holds New York Giants coach Ben McAdoo, who served as team's offensive coordinator for past two years, has respect for former coach Tom Coughlin’s methods, but different philosophy; notes McAdoo spent majority of his career under watchful eye of Green Bay Packers coach Mike McCarthy. 

Puccini’s Mimì and Turandot each have received a multilayered interpretation as Franco Zeffirelli’s productions of these works have returned to the Metropolitan Opera with new casts. Puccini’s Mimì and Turandot each have received a multilayered interpretation as Franco Zeffirelli’s productions of these works have returned to the Metropolitan Opera with new casts. Vivien Schweitzer reviews Franco Zeffirelli productions of Puccini operas Turandot and La Boheme at Metropolitan Opera.

This British cabaret singer and the Broadway musical director John McDaniel performed on Wednesday at Feinstein’s/54 Below. This British cabaret singer and the Broadway musical director John McDaniel performed on Wednesday at Feinstein’s/54 Below. Stephen Holden reviews performance by cabaret singer Barb Jungr at Feinstein's/54 Below.

The office of the Paris prosecutor said Chakib Akrouh, who blew himself up in a police raid Nov. 18, was the third jihadist involved in the terror attacks in Paris and its suburbs in November. The office of the Paris prosecutor said Chakib Akrouh, who blew himself up in a police raid Nov. 18, was the third jihadist involved in the terror attacks in Paris and its suburbs in November. Paris prosecutor says third gunman in Paris terrorist attacks was Belgian-Morrocan man Chakib Akrouh, who killed himself during police raid days after attack.

Mr. Tune’s new show at the Café Carlyle includes a range of theater history and a lot of tap-dancing. Mr. Tune’s new show at the Café Carlyle includes a range of theater history and a lot of tap-dancing. Stephen Holden reviews performance by song and dance man Tommy Tune at Cafe Carlyle.

Books and auctions are embracing artifacts relating to funerals and cemeteries. And old Chinese renderings of ships and ports are for sale. Books and auctions are embracing artifacts relating to funerals and cemeteries. And old Chinese renderings of ships and ports are for sale. Eve M Kahn Antiques column; death and its related items, from autopsy equipment to caskets, is theme for museums and auctions and is driving proliferation of funeral home galleries; souvenir paintings from China, dated from 18th and 19th centuries, are up for sale at New York City antique shows and auctions.

Mr. Okazaki and the members of his new band, Trickster, each had a chance to display strengths during a concert at the Jazz Gallery. Mr. Okazaki and the members of his new band, Trickster, each had a chance to display strengths during a concert at the Jazz Gallery. Nate Chinen reviews performance by guitarist Miles Okazaki's jazz quartet Trickster at Jazz Gallery.

This comedy, written and directed by Aaron and Adam Nee, offers variations on “The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn” and “The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.” This comedy, written and directed by Aaron and Adam Nee, offers variations on “The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn” and “The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.” Stephen Holden reviews movie Band of Robbers, written and directed by Adam Nee and Aaron Nee.

The system the Food and Drug Administration uses to keep data on drugs after they have come to market is incomplete, outdated and often inaccurate, federal investigators said. The system the Food and Drug Administration uses to keep data on drugs after they have come to market is incomplete, outdated and often inaccurate, federal investigators said. Government Accountability Office report finds Food and Drug Administration has flaws in process it uses to track drugs after they go on market, which raises concerns about agency's efficacy as main drug overseer in country.

A proposal announced by the transportation secretary is meant to accelerate development of autonomous vehicles and remove hurdles for automakers. A proposal announced by the transportation secretary is meant to accelerate development of autonomous vehicles and remove hurdles for automakers. Transportation Dept says it will streamline regulatory guidelines for autonomous vehicles and invest $4 billion in research to help their production.

The chip maker’s revenue was up slightly from the same time period last year, but money from data center chips was up markedly. The chip maker’s revenue was up slightly from the same time period last year, but money from data center chips was up markedly. Semiconductor maker Intel has lost financial clout in tech industry, but still leads in market and in spending; reports fourth-quarter profit of $3.6 billion, or 74 cents a share, down 1 percent from year-ago quarter; revenue rose 1 percent to $14.9 billion.

Indian officials said diplomatic meeting will rescheduled and called Pakistan’s arrest of members of a militant group an “important and positive" step. Indian officials said diplomatic meeting will rescheduled and called Pakistan’s arrest of members of a militant group an “important and positive" step. Indian diplomats say they will reschedule talks with Pakistan, after Pakistani authorities arrested Jaish-e-Muhammad militants suspected of attacking Indian Air Force base.

A reader asks why someone would vote against his or her own interests. A reader asks why someone would vote against his or her own interests. 

A reader urges society to value women based on their accomplishments and character rather than their looks. A reader urges society to value women based on their accomplishments and character rather than their looks. 

An Iranian dissident says that when an Iranian official criticizes Saudi Arabia’s human rights record, it’s a case of the pot calling the kettle black. An Iranian dissident says that when an Iranian official criticizes Saudi Arabia’s human rights record, it’s a case of the pot calling the kettle black. 

An epidemiologist writes that if we want to cultivate this art, “we must give experts enough time to get distracted by random observations.” An epidemiologist writes that if we want to cultivate this art, “we must give experts enough time to get distracted by random observations.” 

These micrographic drawings, from the collection of Ricky Jay, are signed with some variation of “Matthias Buchinger, born without hands or feet.” These micrographic drawings, from the collection of Ricky Jay, are signed with some variation of “Matthias Buchinger, born without hands or feet.” Ken Johnson reviews exhibit Wordplay: Matthias Buchinger's Drawings From the Collection of Ricky Jay at Metropolitan Museum of Art. 

Alan Rickman was a magnetic stage actor who found worldwide fame in film. Alan Rickman was a magnetic stage actor who found worldwide fame in film. 

A reader writes that she gets angry when she hears such talk. A reader writes that she gets angry when she hears such talk. 

The Carnegie Hall concert honoring David Bowie on March 31 will be joined by a second tribute show, at Radio City Music Hall on April 1. The Carnegie Hall concert honoring David Bowie on March 31 will be joined by a second tribute show, at Radio City Music Hall on April 1. Carnegie Hall's planned concert in March honoring singer David Bowie will be reframed as memorial concert following Bowie's death; second show will be added at Radio City Museum Hall featuring additional performers.

The company, which is also shaking up its executive ranks, is focused on its data-based advertising and developer businesses. The company, which is also shaking up its executive ranks, is focused on its data-based advertising and developer businesses. Mobile app start-up Foursquare says it has raised $45 million in new round of venture funding; new fundraising puts company's value at about half of 2013 valuation of $650 million.

Readers and rights activists discuss the Obama administration’s plans. Readers and rights activists discuss the Obama administration’s plans. 

A new study suggests that one day a simple blood test may tell doctors whether you have the disease and, if so, where it is. A new study suggests that one day a simple blood test may tell doctors whether you have the disease and, if so, where it is. 

The disciplinary action, which limits the church’s participation in Anglican Communion affairs, is a serious setback for the church and other Anglican provinces that support gay rights. The disciplinary action, which limits the church’s participation in Anglican Communion affairs, is a serious setback for the church and other Anglican provinces that support gay rights. Archbishops of Anglican Communion vote to issue sanctions for three years on Episcopal Church, American branch of Communion, for 2015 decision to permit clergy to perform same-sex marriages.

Secretary Ashton B. Carter formally acknowledged that American error resulted in Navy vessels entering Iranian territorial waters. Secretary Ashton B. Carter formally acknowledged that American error resulted in Navy vessels entering Iranian territorial waters. Defense Sec Ashton B Carter says two United States Navy vessels captured after entering Iranian waters in Persian Gulf did so accidentally; military officials pledge review of procedures to determine what caused navigational error.

Hurricane Alex, a Category 1 hurricane, was on target to collide with a string of islands off the coast of Portugal. Hurricane Alex, a Category 1 hurricane, was on target to collide with a string of islands off the coast of Portugal. 

Though best known for the “Die Hard” and “Harry Potter” movies, he was even more compelling as a serpentine seducer onstage. Though best known for the “Die Hard” and “Harry Potter” movies, he was even more compelling as a serpentine seducer onstage. Ben Brantley An Appraisal column praises stage career of British actor Alan Rickman, who has died at age 69. 

Kelly, the former Eagles coach, will replace Jim Tomsula, who was fired. The former Giants coach Tom Coughlin was among the candidates interviewed. Kelly, the former Eagles coach, will replace Jim Tomsula, who was fired. The former Giants coach Tom Coughlin was among the candidates interviewed. NFL Roundup; San Francisco 49ers hire former Philadelphia coach Chip Kelly to replace fired head coach Jim Tomsula; other football news noted.

The new ad for Senator Bernie Sanders claims that Mrs. Clinton’s plan to regulate Wall Street is disingenuous. The new ad for Senator Bernie Sanders claims that Mrs. Clinton’s plan to regulate Wall Street is disingenuous. 

The State Department’s listing allows American military operations against the group to fall under the counterterrorism mission agreed to by the Afghan government. The State Department’s listing allows American military operations against the group to fall under the counterterrorism mission agreed to by the Afghan government. State Dept formally designates Afghan branch of Islamic State terrorist organization, extending government's range of options for fighting group, which is primarily made up of former Taliban members.

Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said a major ground offensive against targets in Iraq and Syria had killed nearly 200 militants over the last 48 hours. Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said a major ground offensive against targets in Iraq and Syria had killed nearly 200 militants over the last 48 hours. Turkish Prime Min Ahmet Davutoglu claims military strikes against Islamic State in retaliation for recent Istanbul suicide bombing killed almost 200 militants.

Detainees in pretrial detention centers will be forbidden to use slang known as “fenya,” but there was no immediate indication of how the authorities intended to enforce the rule. Detainees in pretrial detention centers will be forbidden to use slang known as “fenya,” but there was no immediate indication of how the authorities intended to enforce the rule. Russia bans traditional vulgar slang known as 'fenya' in its prisons as part of ongoing effort to reform old gulag system; move follows similar ban on swearing in arts without appropriate labeling, impacting Russia's long tradition of colorful, nuanced cursing.

Faced with attacks from Ted Cruz and Donald Trump, Mr. Rubio has pushed stiffer policies, while still supporting a change in the law to offer a path to citizenship to illegal immigrants. Faced with attacks from Ted Cruz and Donald Trump, Mr. Rubio has pushed stiffer policies, while still supporting a change in the law to offer a path to citizenship to illegal immigrants. Sen Marco Rubio has begun calling for stricter immigration policies in response to attacks from his opponents in Republican presidential primary on his immigration record.

Justin Robinson, a junior whose only Division I scholarship offer was from Monmouth, has led the Hawks to victories over U.C.L.A., Notre Dame, Rutgers and Georgetown. Justin Robinson, a junior whose only Division I scholarship offer was from Monmouth, has led the Hawks to victories over U.C.L.A., Notre Dame, Rutgers and Georgetown. Monmouth University basketball guard Justin Robinson, listed at just 5 feet 8 inches, has played major role in team's success, averaging 20.1 points a game, including those against major-conference teams.

“The Revenant”, dirigida por el mexicano Alejandro G. Iñárritu, consiguió un total de 12 nominaciones: más que ninguna otra película de este año. “The Revenant”, dirigida por el mexicano Alejandro G. Iñárritu, consiguió un total de 12 nominaciones: más que ninguna otra película de este año. 

The bank is lending more and reducing drags on capital. Yet its fourth-quarter return on equity was only 9 percent. New technology could bolster revenue and savings. The bank is lending more and reducing drags on capital. Yet its fourth-quarter return on equity was only 9 percent. New technology could bolster revenue and savings. 

A new book, “The Fall of Heaven,” offers clues on the 1978 disappearance of Moussa al-Sadr, a revered Iranian cleric in Lebanon who offered to help counter Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini. A new book, “The Fall of Heaven,” offers clues on the 1978 disappearance of Moussa al-Sadr, a revered Iranian cleric in Lebanon who offered to help counter Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini. 

The slate of five running for the Board of Overseers, which helps set strategy for the university, was put together by a conservative advocate from California. The slate of five running for the Board of Overseers, which helps set strategy for the university, was put together by a conservative advocate from California. Slate of five candidates running for Board of Overseers at Harvard is arguing university has such a lucrative endowment that it should stop charging tuition to all undergraduates; group, assembled by conservative California software entrepreneur Ron Unz, asserts that free tuition would allow more highly qualified students to apply, solving problem of diversity; position sparks debate on soaring college costs and affirmative action.

The Supreme Court upholds a discriminatory law that limits the political participation of the uneducated. The Supreme Court upholds a discriminatory law that limits the political participation of the uneducated. 

Economists forecast claims slipping to 275,000 last week. The increase probably reflects volatility rather than a change in labor market conditions. Economists forecast claims slipping to 275,000 last week. The increase probably reflects volatility rather than a change in labor market conditions. Labor Dept reports weekly claims for state unemployment benefits rose 7,000 to seasonally adjusted 284,000; says import prices dropped 1.2 percent in December, after 0.5 drop in November.

Countryside Properties, a British real estate developer majority owned by Oaktree Capital Management, expects to raise about $165 million in its offering. Countryside Properties, a British real estate developer majority owned by Oaktree Capital Management, expects to raise about $165 million in its offering. 

Seven Republicans will be on the main stage in South Carolina for the party’s sixth nationally televised debate, starting 9 p.m. Thursday on Fox Business Network. Seven Republicans will be on the main stage in South Carolina for the party’s sixth nationally televised debate, starting 9 p.m. Thursday on Fox Business Network. 

Mr. Edwards, a Democrat who was inaugurated on Monday, watched helplessly as the Republican-controlled State House rejected his handpicked candidate for speaker. Mr. Edwards, a Democrat who was inaugurated on Monday, watched helplessly as the Republican-controlled State House rejected his handpicked candidate for speaker. Louisiana Gov John Bel Edwards's first week in office has offered glimpse into delicate political balancing act he will need to perform as Deep South's only Democratic governor; Edwards, who is conservative on some issues, must be cautious about angering Republicans in house as he must work with them to solve state's budget difficulties.

“When anybody disparages people with disabilities, it sets me off,” says Mr. Bush, defending calling his rival a “jerk.” “When anybody disparages people with disabilities, it sets me off,” says Mr. Bush, defending calling his rival a “jerk.” 

A German task force set up to determine ownership of more than 1,200 pieces of art was able to identify only five, prompting criticism from Jewish groups about the pace and intensity of the effort. A German task force set up to determine ownership of more than 1,200 pieces of art was able to identify only five, prompting criticism from Jewish groups about the pace and intensity of the effort. German task force created to determine provenance of art found in apartment of Cornelius Gurlitt, which is suspected of being looted by Nazis, identifies ownership of only five of over 1,200 pieces; officials defend project, which cost almost $2 million, against critics frustrated by perceived slowness and lack of transparency.

Since the May election, both the Labour Party, which was defeated, and the Conservative Party, which won, have been at war within themselves. Since the May election, both the Labour Party, which was defeated, and the Conservative Party, which won, have been at war within themselves. 

Sports officials in Wisconsin are backtracking after an effort to crack down on fan behavior drew protests. Sports officials in Wisconsin are backtracking after an effort to crack down on fan behavior drew protests. Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Assn's 'no chanting' policy at basketball games in schools across state draws criticism from some who say it is evidence of coddling, and praise from others who say such behavior is unsportsmanlike. 

As aid convoys reached three besieged towns in Syria, Secretary General Ban Ki-moon called on all sides to lift sieges and protect civilians. As aid convoys reached three besieged towns in Syria, Secretary General Ban Ki-moon called on all sides to lift sieges and protect civilians. United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon accuses parties in Syrian conflict of war crimes by denying food to starving civilians; aid delivery trucks recently given access to besieged Syrian towns found dire humanitarian situation, prompting secretary's pointed call for immediate end to sieges.

The transfer of 10 lower-level Yemeni detainees, which took place on Wednesday, was the largest single resettlement of prisoners in the yearslong effort to close the prison. The transfer of 10 lower-level Yemeni detainees, which took place on Wednesday, was the largest single resettlement of prisoners in the yearslong effort to close the prison. Pentagon announces transfer of 10 lower-level Yemeni detainees at Guantanamo Bay to Oman, which reduces population at facility to 93.

JPMorgan Chase rose 2.9 percent after the bank reported earnings that were better than analysts expected. JPMorgan Chase rose 2.9 percent after the bank reported earnings that were better than analysts expected. Energy stocks propel market rally; stocks have biggest gain in over month.

The new film “Quo Vado?” is bigger than “Star Wars,” because it speaks to the country’s nostalgia for safe, secure careers. The new film “Quo Vado?” is bigger than “Star Wars,” because it speaks to the country’s nostalgia for safe, secure careers. Op-Ed article by Beppe Severgnini examines allure of Italian film Quo Vado, which is breaking box office records in country; suggests movie, which focuses on aging government clerk who merely wants government job for life, hits upon truth of labor-market angst in Italian society.

Access to Amazon Instant Videos can be gained in many ways, including via game consoles and devices that connect to your TV set. Access to Amazon Instant Videos can be gained in many ways, including via game consoles and devices that connect to your TV set. 

The bandwagon effect helps Donald Trump now but leaves him vulnerable if he loses a primary — and could make his supporters complacent. The bandwagon effect helps Donald Trump now but leaves him vulnerable if he loses a primary — and could make his supporters complacent. 

The government said tests still underway had found no evidence of technology designed to cheat on emissions tests, except on two Volkswagen models. The government said tests still underway had found no evidence of technology designed to cheat on emissions tests, except on two Volkswagen models. French government says exhaust emissions tests of almost 24 cars made by Renault and other carmakers finds 'several' of autos violate country's air-quality rules.

A task force working for the World Anti-Doping Agency says the officials blackmailed athletes who doped and failed to discipline them in a timely fashion. A task force working for the World Anti-Doping Agency says the officials blackmailed athletes who doped and failed to discipline them in a timely fashion. World Anti-Doping Agency report accuses international sports officials of blackmailing some track and field athletes who failed drug tests and choosing not to discipline runners who were suspected of doping; report also provides specific details of some athletes who were extorted; charges are seen as new low for officials.

Those countries, which have significant atomic stockpiles or nuclear power plants, do little to protect them from such intrusions, the Nuclear Threat Initiative says. Those countries, which have significant atomic stockpiles or nuclear power plants, do little to protect them from such intrusions, the Nuclear Threat Initiative says. Nuclear Threat Initiative study says twenty countries lack rules requiring protection of their nuclear facilities against cyberattacks; emerging consensus points to cyberattack as simplest way to breach installations' security systems; report also shows Pres Obama's campaign to secure nuclear material worldwide has slowed, which some blame on frayed ties with Russia.

Mr. Klein, who left the schools in 2010 to work for Rupert Murdoch’s News Corporation as leader of a digital education division, will become a top executive at Oscar. Mr. Klein, who left the schools in 2010 to work for Rupert Murdoch’s News Corporation as leader of a digital education division, will become a top executive at Oscar. New York-based health insurance start-up Oscar announces former New York City Schools Chancellor Joel I Klein has been hired as company's chief policy and strategy officer.

The students were part of a volunteer medical mission organized by Global Brigades; the cause of the incident was not yet clear. The students were part of a volunteer medical mission organized by Global Brigades; the cause of the incident was not yet clear. Columbia University identifies victims of bus crash in Honduras as Olivia Ehardt, Daniella Moffson and Abigail Flanagan; other Columbia and Barnard University students and staff were injured in crash.

To the residents of Raqqa, the Islamic State is a brutal occupier that has brought nothing but misery. To the residents of Raqqa, the Islamic State is a brutal occupier that has brought nothing but misery. Op-Ed article by journalist Marwan Hisham describes lamentable situation for Syrians living in Raqqa, Syria, de facto capital for Islamic State; says residents struggle to eke out living and are subject to bombings by Syrian government and American-led coalition, conscription into Islamic State and pressure to join insurgency; urges international community to stop government bombings and refrain from grouping citizens with extremists.

“The Revenant” and “Mad Max: Fury Road” were showered with honors by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, picking up Oscar nominations for best picture and best director. “The Revenant” and “Mad Max: Fury Road” were showered with honors by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, picking up Oscar nominations for best picture and best director. Alejandro Inarritu movie The Revenant and George Miller movie Mad Max: Fury Road lead pack of Oscar nominations, including nominations for best picture; to disappointment of many, white actors and directors dominate their categories, with no black people nominated.

Footage from Cedrick Chatman’s death is the latest to draw notice in the city after images of Laquan McDonald being shot 16 times were released in November. Footage from Cedrick Chatman’s death is the latest to draw notice in the city after images of Laquan McDonald being shot 16 times were released in November. Officials in Chicago release video of police officers fatally shooting African-American teenager Cedrick Chatman in January 2013; officials had sought to keep video private, and neither officer involved in shooting has been reprimanded or charged with wrongdoing; video comes on heels of release of video of police fatally shooting Laquan McDonald.

The police in Florence held a Senegalese man in connection with the killing of Ashley Ann Olsen, 35, of Florida. The police in Florence held a Senegalese man in connection with the killing of Ashley Ann Olsen, 35, of Florida. Italian police announce Senegalese migrant Cheik Tidiane Diaw has been arrested in killing of American woman Ashley Ann Olsen, who was found dead in her Florence apartment.

Three of Shakespeare's works are reimagined in London, where his works are shown on a sort of perpetual loop. Three of Shakespeare's works are reimagined in London, where his works are shown on a sort of perpetual loop. 

The British actor brought an erudite dignity to film roles like the nefarious mastermind of “Die Hard” and the dour master of potions in the “Harry Potter” series. The British actor brought an erudite dignity to film roles like the nefarious mastermind of “Die Hard” and the dour master of potions in the “Harry Potter” series. Alan Rickman, highly skilled British stage actor who played Severus Snape in Harry Potter movies, dies at age 69; Rickman played with aplomb, over a career spanning more than four decades, villainous characters of complex emotions and motivations.

There’s nothing Orwellian about spin. It makes politics fun and engages the public. There’s nothing Orwellian about spin. It makes politics fun and engages the public. Op-Ed article by Prof David Greenberg traces rise of 'spin' in American politics, from relatively straightforward politics of 1960s to modern convolutions; holds spin is good for democracy because it keeps citizens engaged, prompts examination and serves as reminder that politics are never entirely truthful.

The assault was the first major one in Jakarta since the twin bombings of two hotels in 2009. The assault was the first major one in Jakarta since the twin bombings of two hotels in 2009. 

Much of the improvement in profit came from continuing cuts to the bank’s expenses and work force. Much of the improvement in profit came from continuing cuts to the bank’s expenses and work force. JPMorgan Chase reports fourth-quarter profit of $5.4 billion, or $1.32 a share, up 10 percent from year-ago quarter; revenue rose 1 percent to $23.75 billion.

Indonesian jihadists appear to have increasingly sought targets at home, stoking worries about violence that has plagued the country for the past decade and a half. Indonesian jihadists appear to have increasingly sought targets at home, stoking worries about violence that has plagued the country for the past decade and a half. 

A tropical treehouse with space for the entire family was one couple's dream, and the resulting home has won acclaim at the World Architecture Festival. A tropical treehouse with space for the entire family was one couple's dream, and the resulting home has won acclaim at the World Architecture Festival. 

A harborside mansion on the market for $28 million was once rented by Paul McCartney. A harborside mansion on the market for $28 million was once rented by Paul McCartney. 

The announcement came after a recent chain of cases in Liberia was snuffed out, ending an epidemic that killed more than 11,300 people, mostly in West Africa. The announcement came after a recent chain of cases in Liberia was snuffed out, ending an epidemic that killed more than 11,300 people, mostly in West Africa. World Health Organization announces end to world's deadliest-ever Ebola outbreak; officials express confidence about handling future outbreaks, while stressing need for continued vigilance and more international investment in preventing recurrence of disease which killed over 11,300 people in West Africa; 

Judges for the $70,000 award noted the collection’s attention to detail and tailoring with a subcontinental twist. Judges for the $70,000 award noted the collection’s attention to detail and tailoring with a subcontinental twist. 

The Australian Darren Cahill has signed on full time this year to help Halep, No. 2 in the world, in her quest to overtake Serena Williams at the top of the rankings. The Australian Darren Cahill has signed on full time this year to help Halep, No. 2 in the world, in her quest to overtake Serena Williams at the top of the rankings. 

The benefits of immigration outweigh the costs. But American openness is shrinking. The benefits of immigration outweigh the costs. But American openness is shrinking. 

If you take your cues from Pitti Uomo, time seems to be up for the dandy look and fabrics are about to get heavier. If you take your cues from Pitti Uomo, time seems to be up for the dandy look and fabrics are about to get heavier. 

Face-offs held in the final weeks and days before the presidential nominating contests tend to matter more, and the attacks tend to get rougher. Face-offs held in the final weeks and days before the presidential nominating contests tend to matter more, and the attacks tend to get rougher. 

Despite knee problems and doubters, Williams, who fell two wins short of a Grand Slam in 2015, will be ready to defend her title in Melbourne when the tournament begins next week, her coach said. Despite knee problems and doubters, Williams, who fell two wins short of a Grand Slam in 2015, will be ready to defend her title in Melbourne when the tournament begins next week, her coach said. Serena Williams's coach Patrick Mouratoglou says Williams, who has been struggling with knee problems, is ready for start of Australian Open tennis tournament, event she won in 2015.

Tesla, which has introduced synthetic leather interiors, is the latest automaker to join the industry’s push to project a more environmentally responsible image. Tesla, which has introduced synthetic leather interiors, is the latest automaker to join the industry’s push to project a more environmentally responsible image. Wheels column; Tesla's luxury electric vehicles offer synthetic leather seats, joining other carmakers trying to attract vegan customers; are attempting to project more environmentally responsible image.

Even now, after aid agencies negotiated to bring food and supplies to Madaya, there is little hope for change in a place trying to function while under siege. Even now, after aid agencies negotiated to bring food and supplies to Madaya, there is little hope for change in a place trying to function while under siege. International aid workers say hundreds of residents of Madaya, Syria, are in desperate need of food and medicine; town has been under siege by government forces since July 2015, even as residents await further deliveries of food, medicine and aid; United Nations estimates 400,000 in country are trapped behind battle lines by government, Islamic State or rival insurgents.

The two civilians killed in the explosions and gunfire were a Canadian and an Indonesian, senior officials reported. Five assailants were also killed. The two civilians killed in the explosions and gunfire were a Canadian and an Indonesian, senior officials reported. Five assailants were also killed. Jakarta terrorist attack which killed 7 people is claimed by Islamic State, whose Indonesian adherents increasingly operate domestically; suspected organizer is Indonesian citizen thought to be in Syria, which has drawn droves of Indonesian militants to fight in civil war. 

As American stocks headed toward a correction, Asian investors remained wary about the risks from China’s slowdown and European shares fell. As American stocks headed toward a correction, Asian investors remained wary about the risks from China’s slowdown and European shares fell. 

Powell, 25, has immersed himself in baseball in the hopes of doing something the Baseball Hall of Fame says no other professional cricketer has ever done. Powell, 25, has immersed himself in baseball in the hopes of doing something the Baseball Hall of Fame says no other professional cricketer has ever done. Professional cricket player Kieran Powell steps away from sport to try his hand at baseball; hopes to become first professional cricketer to make it into professional baseball. 

Mr. Oluo and a team of performers manage to be expansive and engaging in this musical memoir at the Public Theater. Mr. Oluo and a team of performers manage to be expansive and engaging in this musical memoir at the Public Theater. Ben Brantley reviews Ahamefule J Oluo musical memoir Now I'm Fine, written and performed by Oluo, at Public Theater as part of the Under the Radar Festival.

Like the newest digital tablet, the latest “Sesame Street” isn’t an essential. But it’s nice, if your parents happen to have the money. Like the newest digital tablet, the latest “Sesame Street” isn’t an essential. But it’s nice, if your parents happen to have the money. James Poniewozik reviews restyled version of television program Sesame Street on HBO.

The car is 2.6 inches higher than the standard S60 and gets decent fuel economy, but trunk space is a serious shortcoming. The car is 2.6 inches higher than the standard S60 and gets decent fuel economy, but trunk space is a serious shortcoming. Driven column review of Volvo S60 Cross Country.

The works of Italian modernists are the focus of this show, the kind of historical exhibition that can take decades to pull together. The works of Italian modernists are the focus of this show, the kind of historical exhibition that can take decades to pull together. Holland Cotter reviews exhibit Painting in Italy 1910s-1950s: Futurism, Abstraction, Concrete Art, at Sperone Westwater gallery. 

Why scientists are worried about the growing epidemic and its effects on pregnant women, and how to avoid the infection. Why scientists are worried about the growing epidemic and its effects on pregnant women, and how to avoid the infection. 

 As Hillary Clinton attacks Senator Bernie Sanders as being weak on gun control, he said he would support a bill that would remove some protections for gunmakers. As Hillary Clinton attacks Senator Bernie Sanders as being weak on gun control, he said he would support a bill that would remove some protections for gunmakers.

The agency found that Iran has complied with the accord reached last summer and has dismantled large sections of its nuclear program. The agency found that Iran has complied with the accord reached last summer and has dismantled large sections of its nuclear program. 

 This one by Jeff Chen will make you dizzy. This one by Jeff Chen will make you dizzy.

The Fall 2016 men’s collection from Versace. The Fall 2016 men’s collection from Versace. 

Pal Zileri’s Fall 2016 show. Pal Zileri’s Fall 2016 show. 

 At a closed-door meeting Friday, a Jeb Bush donor questioned why the group Right to Rise was spending money attacking Senator Marco Rubio. At a closed-door meeting Friday, a Jeb Bush donor questioned why the group Right to Rise was spending money attacking Senator Marco Rubio.

 Senator Ted Cruz seemed to have gotten over his reluctance to criticize Donald J. Trump, continuing to tie Mr. Trump to liberal “New York values,” criticizing his temperament and even disparaging his poll numbers. Senator Ted Cruz seemed to have gotten over his reluctance to criticize Donald J. Trump, continuing to tie Mr. Trump to liberal “New York values,” criticizing his temperament and even disparaging his poll numbers.

The latest designs from Neil Barrett. The latest designs from Neil Barrett. 

 Health reform is what it has to be. Health reform is what it has to be.

 Richard Silvestri returns with a clever cryptic crossword. Richard Silvestri returns with a clever cryptic crossword.

Jil Sander presents looks for Fall 2016. Jil Sander presents looks for Fall 2016. 

Fall 2016 looks from Marni. Fall 2016 looks from Marni. 

Dolce & Gabbana’s Fall 2016 show. Dolce & Gabbana’s Fall 2016 show. 

The fall 2016 designs from Costume National Homme. The fall 2016 designs from Costume National Homme. 

 Why the plunge isn’t good news. Why the plunge isn’t good news.

Ermenegildo Zegna’s fall 2016 men’s collection. Ermenegildo Zegna’s fall 2016 men’s collection. 

 Droids are people too. Droids are people too.

The fall 2016 designs from Corneliani. The fall 2016 designs from Corneliani. 

Quotation of the Day for Saturday, January 16, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Saturday, January 16, 2016. 

Corrections appearing in print on Saturday, January 16, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Saturday, January 16, 2016. 

As anticipation built for Saturday’s matchup, Knicks Coach Derek Fisher continued to play down his October altercation with Memphis forward Matt Barnes. As anticipation built for Saturday’s matchup, Knicks Coach Derek Fisher continued to play down his October altercation with Memphis forward Matt Barnes. 

Benedict Cumberbatch portrays Alan Turing in “The Imitation Game,” six teenagers are cyberstalked in “Unfriended,” and Adam Driver hosts “S.N.L.” Benedict Cumberbatch portrays Alan Turing in “The Imitation Game,” six teenagers are cyberstalked in “Unfriended,” and Adam Driver hosts “S.N.L.” 

The rule requires that college medical professionals have autonomous and final authority in deciding when an athlete returns to play from a concussion or other injury. The rule requires that college medical professionals have autonomous and final authority in deciding when an athlete returns to play from a concussion or other injury. Major NCAA conferences adopt rule giving college medical professionals final authority in deciding when athlete can return to play after sustaining concussion or other injury.

The Mets agreed to a contract with Harvey for the 2016 season, avoiding arbitration. Harvey will reportedly make $4.325 million, about seven times more than he made last season. The Mets agreed to a contract with Harvey for the 2016 season, avoiding arbitration. Harvey will reportedly make $4.325 million, about seven times more than he made last season. New York Mets avoid arbitration with several players, including pitcher Matt Harvey, who agrees to one-year $4.325 million contract; other baseball news noted.

Preparing for his fifth Olympics, the 30-year-old Phelps won a race in an Arena Pro Swim Series event in Austin, Tex. Preparing for his fifth Olympics, the 30-year-old Phelps won a race in an Arena Pro Swim Series event in Austin, Tex. Michael Phelps, preparing for his fifth Olympics, wins 100-meter butterfly race in Arena Pro Swim Series event.

Lukas Müller of Austria was left partly paralyzed after a crash Wednesday during practice for the ski flying world championships, doctors said. Lukas Müller of Austria was left partly paralyzed after a crash Wednesday during practice for the ski flying world championships, doctors said. Austrian ski jumper Lukas Muller is partly paralyzed after crash during practice for ski flying world championships.

Phil Valenti made go-ahead free throws for Canisius with 14.4 seconds left and blocked Zane Waterman in the final seconds to clinch a 65-62 win over Manhattan. Phil Valenti made go-ahead free throws for Canisius with 14.4 seconds left and blocked Zane Waterman in the final seconds to clinch a 65-62 win over Manhattan. Canisius beats Manhattan College, 65-62; other college basketball scores noted.

Roberto Bautista Agut won the singles title in Auckland, New Zealand, when Sock was forced to retire while trailing, 6-1, 1-0. Roberto Bautista Agut won the singles title in Auckland, New Zealand, when Sock was forced to retire while trailing, 6-1, 1-0. Roberto Bautista Agut wins ASB Classic singles title after Jack Sock quits match due to illness; other tennis news noted.

SCAGLIONE--Carolyn R. Denning MD. A true visionary in the care of people with cystic fibrosis. We are so grateful for her unwavering support, and our team is proud to carry her legacy forward. Our heartfelt condolences to Dr. Peter Scaglione and family, including our colleague Ben. Maria Berdella, M.D. Patricia Walker, M.D. The Cystic Fibrosis Center, Mount Sinai Beth Israel 1/3 SCAGLIONE--Carolyn R. Denning MD. A true visionary in the care of people with cystic fibrosis. We are so grateful for her unwavering support, and our team is proud to carry her legacy forward. Our heartfelt condolences to Dr. Peter Scaglione and family, including our colleague Ben. Maria Berdella, M.D. Patricia Walker, M.D. The Cystic Fibrosis Center, Mount Sinai Beth Israel 1/3 

WALLENBERG--Raoul. Disappeared in Soviet captivity January 17, 1945. Gone, but not forgotten. 1/3 WALLENBERG--Raoul. Disappeared in Soviet captivity January 17, 1945. Gone, but not forgotten. 1/3 

DUNDES--Lester. Today is his birthday. We all still miss him. 1/3 DUNDES--Lester. Today is his birthday. We all still miss him. 1/3 

SPOKOJNY--Dr. Artur. May 10, 1955-January 7,2014. Shabbat Bo, 1/15-16, is Artur's 2nd yartzeit. Time cannot erase our love, dear Artur. 1/3 SPOKOJNY--Dr. Artur. May 10, 1955-January 7,2014. Shabbat Bo, 1/15-16, is Artur's 2nd yartzeit. Time cannot erase our love, dear Artur. 1/3 

LYONS--Stanley, 92, died peacefully January 14 after a long illness. Beloved husband of Marion, cherished uncle of Cindy, Eric, Michael, Tom and Carol. Loved music, travel, skiing and led a full life. Donations to NCJW NY Hunger programs, VNSNY Hospice and Palliative Care. Services Sunday, 12pm, at Plaza Jewish Community Chapel. 1/3 LYONS--Stanley, 92, died peacefully January 14 after a long illness. Beloved husband of Marion, cherished uncle of Cindy, Eric, Michael, Tom and Carol. Loved music, travel, skiing and led a full life. Donations to NCJW NY Hunger programs, VNSNY Hospice and Palliative Care. Services Sunday, 12pm, at Plaza Jewish Community Chapel. 1/3 

BEDFORD--Brian. The members of The Lotos Club mourn the loss of their distinguished colleague and friend, Brian Bedford, and send condolences to his family. 1/3 BEDFORD--Brian. The members of The Lotos Club mourn the loss of their distinguished colleague and friend, Brian Bedford, and send condolences to his family. 1/3 

MAIMIN, David S.,on January 14, 2016. He attended Horace Mann School, Brown University and Columbia's Graduate School of Business, before serving as an army officer during the Korean War. He had a long and rewarding career with H. Maimin & Co., manufacturers of electric cutting machines. He leaves his beloved wife and best friend, Sybil, sons Daniel (Mark) and Michael (Rachel) and twin grandsons, William and Charles, born during the last year of his life. Funeral services at Plaza Funeral Chapel, 630 Amsterdam Avenue, Sunday, January 17, 11am. Donations may be made in his memory to The City Congregation for Humanistic Judaism or Central Park Conservancy. 1/3 MAIMIN, David S.,on January 14, 2016. He attended Horace Mann School, Brown University and Columbia's Graduate School of Business, before serving as an army officer during the Korean War. He had a long and rewarding career with H. Maimin & Co., manufacturers of electric cutting machines. He leaves his beloved wife and best friend, Sybil, sons Daniel (Mark) and Michael (Rachel) and twin grandsons, William and Charles, born during the last year of his life. Funeral services at Plaza Funeral Chapel, 630 Amsterdam Avenue, Sunday, January 17, 11am. Donations may be made in his memory to The City Congregation for Humanistic Judaism or Central Park Conservancy. 1/3 

SCHOCH--Anton. April 11, 1920 - January 15, 2016. WWII Veteran. Ebullient grump. Beloved friend. karpfinger@aol.com 1/3 SCHOCH--Anton. April 11, 1920 - January 15, 2016. WWII Veteran. Ebullient grump. Beloved friend. karpfinger@aol.com 1/3 

ROSENTHAL--J. Robert MD, on January 14, 2016. Born and raised in Brooklyn, graduate of Chicago Medical School, Class of '57. After completing his residency at The New York Eye and Ear Infirmary, he went into practice with his father, the late Benjamin C. and his brothers, the late Morton and Gerald. In his later years he served as Chief Medical Officer at The New York Eye and Ear Infirmary. He also served for 20 years on the Great Neck School Board. Survived by his wife Gladys (nee Stern), children Jill, Peter and Daniel, grandchildren Charlie, Emily, Isaac, Elijah, Harry and Sam, and uncle to Jeanne, Karen, Benjamin, Lisa, Laura R., Laura O. and the late Shari. Memorial service Sunday, January 17th, 2pm at "The Riverside," 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. Donations in his memory to Doctors without Borders would be appreciated. 1 ROSENTHAL--J. Robert MD, on January 14, 2016. Born and raised in Brooklyn, graduate of Chicago Medical School, Class of '57. After completing his residency at The New York Eye and Ear Infirmary, he went into practice with his father, the late Benjamin C. and his brothers, the late Morton and Gerald. In his later years he served as Chief Medical Officer at The New York Eye and Ear Infirmary. He also served for 20 years on the Great Neck School Board. Survived by his wife Gladys (nee Stern), children Jill, Peter and Daniel, grandchildren Charlie, Emily, Isaac, Elijah, Harry and Sam, and uncle to Jeanne, Karen, Benjamin, Lisa, Laura R., Laura O. and the late Shari. Memorial service Sunday, January 17th, 2pm at "The Riverside," 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. Donations in his memory to Doctors without Borders would be appreciated. 1 

LANGFELDER--Vilmos. Disappeared in Soviet captivity January 17, 1945. Gone, but not forgotten. 1/3 LANGFELDER--Vilmos. Disappeared in Soviet captivity January 17, 1945. Gone, but not forgotten. 1/3 

Vladislav Namestnikov’s third goal, 2 minutes 11 seconds into overtime, lifted Tampa Bay over Pittsburgh, 5-4, for its fourth straight win. Vladislav Namestnikov’s third goal, 2 minutes 11 seconds into overtime, lifted Tampa Bay over Pittsburgh, 5-4, for its fourth straight win. NHL Roundup; Tampa Bay Lightning defeats Pittsburgh Penguins, 5-4; other hockey scores noted.

Portland overcame a 6-point deficit with a little under nine minutes left to send the Nets to their 11th loss in their last 12 home games. Portland overcame a 6-point deficit with a little under nine minutes left to send the Nets to their 11th loss in their last 12 home games. NBA Roundup; Portland Trail Blazers defeat Brooklyn Nets, 116-104; other basketball scores noted.

The town of Bornheim made the move after receiving complaints that some women were sexually harassed at the pool, with officials saying that breaching German cultural norms was a red line that should not be crossed. The town of Bornheim made the move after receiving complaints that some women were sexually harassed at the pool, with officials saying that breaching German cultural norms was a red line that should not be crossed. 

An injury kept Sime out of the 1956 Olympics and bad luck cost him a gold medal in 1960; he became an ophthalmologist whose patients included Richard Nixon and Ted Williams. An injury kept Sime out of the 1956 Olympics and bad luck cost him a gold medal in 1960; he became an ophthalmologist whose patients included Richard Nixon and Ted Williams. Dave Sime, ophthalmologist and avid athlete who in mid-1950s and 1960s broke world records in sprinting, eventually going on to 1960 Olympic Games where he lost gold medal on technicality, dies at age 79.  

Mr. Haggerty parlayed a beard and a bear into a role that endeared him to viewers of a film and television series both titled &#8220;The Life and Times of Grizzly Adams.&#8221; Mr. Haggerty parlayed a beard and a bear into a role that endeared him to viewers of a film and television series both titled &#8220;The Life and Times of Grizzly Adams.&#8221; Dan Haggerty, actor who played titular character in both 1974 movie The Life and Times of Grizzly Adams and NBC television series of same name, dies at age 73. 

A second year with no minority actors singled out for Academy Awards leads to finger-pointing. A second year with no minority actors singled out for Academy Awards leads to finger-pointing. Race moves front and center in discussions of 2016 Oscar ballot, where all 20 actor nominees are white for second consecutive year, and all films with black themes have been shut out entirely; Cheryl Boone Isaacs, first black president of Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, labels all-white nominations are unfortunate, but says she does not see trend in back-to-back shutout, noting that good work is perennially snubbed by Oscars.

President Nicolás Maduro is seeking additional powers to bypass the National Assembly on spending matters, but the measure would have to be approved by the president’s rivals. President Nicolás Maduro is seeking additional powers to bypass the National Assembly on spending matters, but the measure would have to be approved by the president’s rivals. 

The new reports also show that Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo received $900,000 from limited-liability companies, whose influence he is now trying to curb. The new reports also show that Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo received $900,000 from limited-liability companies, whose influence he is now trying to curb. Financial records show New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio’s top political consultants were paid about $500,000 over six months by mayor’s campaign fund and nonprofit group Campaign for One New York, created to advance his agenda; de Blasio's use of outside nonprofits has been criticized by government watchdogs and in past by de Blasio himself, who has since stated he will use them to play on equal footing with opponents.

Marta Benitez, 95, says she considers herself lucky, despite the loss of her husband and only daughter to cancer. Marta Benitez, 95, says she considers herself lucky, despite the loss of her husband and only daughter to cancer. Catholic Charities Archdiocese of New York, one of seven organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, helps Marta Benitez of Upper Manhattan buy portable heater.

The companies, controlled by Rupert Murdoch, said they would stay in their current locations in Midtown instead of moving to the growing media hub in Lower Manhattan. The companies, controlled by Rupert Murdoch, said they would stay in their current locations in Midtown instead of moving to the growing media hub in Lower Manhattan. Media companies News Corporation and 21st Century Fox, both controlled by Rupert Murdoch, decide against moving their headquarters to Lower Manhattan, opting instead to remain in Midtown; relocation would have made the companies the anchor of 2 World Trade Center. 

Johnson, a resplendent rookie running back, emerged from a challenging youth — and a job doing asbestos removal — to thrive in the N.F.L. Johnson, a resplendent rookie running back, emerged from a challenging youth — and a job doing asbestos removal — to thrive in the N.F.L. Profile of Arizona Cardinals running back David Johnson, who is busy preparing with team for divisional playoff game against Green Bay Packers; Johnson is one sibling in family of six, and sought to become professional athlete to lessen burden on his mother.

Despite renewed attention to the use of starvation as a weapon of war by the Syrian government and rebels alike, accountability is arguably more elusive. Despite renewed attention to the use of starvation as a weapon of war by the Syrian government and rebels alike, accountability is arguably more elusive. News Analysis; civil war in Syria has appeared to change global view of what is acceptable in war, as widespread starvation in country has shown; while United Nations Secretary Gen Ban Ki-moon decried starvation of civilians as war crimes, Security Council has made no move toward referring those responsible to International Criminal Court in The Hague.

As seems to be the norm in the region around playoff time, strange doings have focused the discussion on the on- and offstage weirdness at Gillette Stadium. As seems to be the norm in the region around playoff time, strange doings have focused the discussion on the on- and offstage weirdness at Gillette Stadium. Spotlight remains on New England Patriots defensive end Chandler Jones, who showed up in police parking lot shirtless and disoriented, and injured tight end Rob Gronkowski as team prepares for critical playoff game against Kansas City Chiefs.

School meals reflect a society’s true food culture, as well as its regard for its children. School meals reflect a society’s true food culture, as well as its regard for its children. Op-Ed article by Bettina Elias Siegel takes issue with comparisons between American school lunches and school lunches in other nations, such as one featured in Michael Moore documentary Where to Invade Next; details number of obstacles to healthy, fresh meals being served in schools, from infrastructure to labor costs and dietary prefernces.

The administration unveiled a plan aimed at extracting more money from companies for mining on federal land and using that revenue to help coal communities train for new jobs. The administration unveiled a plan aimed at extracting more money from companies for mining on federal land and using that revenue to help coal communities train for new jobs. Interior Dept's announcement of moratorium on new coal leases on public lands could have major impact on coal industry, which uses federal land for about 40 percent of its production; Pres Obama, in State of Union Address, made it clear that federal government will help to ameliorate policy's likely blow to coal mining communities by helping labor force train and prepare for new jobs.  

The suspect, Malik Streat, was taken into police custody after the killing of Darnell Wilkerson, 18, in the East New York neighborhood. The suspect, Malik Streat, was taken into police custody after the killing of Darnell Wilkerson, 18, in the East New York neighborhood. Sixteen-year-old Malik Streat is charged with murder in shooting death of 18-year-old Darnell Wilkerson in East New York, Brooklyn.

The Democrats may have strayed off the high road, but they’re a long way from Trump-Cruz territory. The Democrats may have strayed off the high road, but they’re a long way from Trump-Cruz territory. Gail Collins Op-Ed column previews upcoming Democratic presidential debate; notes race has become more competitive between Sen Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton, resulting in somewhat negative turn for campaign.

As some characterized the seizure of American patrol boats as a foreign policy failure, the Obama administration said the quick release of the sailors was a benefit of nuclear diplomacy. As some characterized the seizure of American patrol boats as a foreign policy failure, the Obama administration said the quick release of the sailors was a benefit of nuclear diplomacy. Obama administration officials seek to truncate efforts by Republican presidential candidates to cast Iranian seizure of two United States patrol boats as symbol of Pres Obama's failure in foreign policy; characterize quick release of sailors as evidence of efficacy of diplomatic channels established with Iran.

The police should not use stun guns on people who try to evade custody but pose no safety risk to the officers or others, a federal appeals court decided in a ruling that will affect five states. The police should not use stun guns on people who try to evade custody but pose no safety risk to the officers or others, a federal appeals court decided in a ruling that will affect five states. Federal appeals court in Virginia limits use of stun guns by police officers on people evading custody who pose no safety risk to officers or public; Fourth Circuit court's ruling is binding in North Carolina, South Carolina, West Virginia, Maryland and Virginia.  

Several people were taken to hospitals after possibly being exposed to lead paint dust in a House office building, the authorities said. Several people were taken to hospitals after possibly being exposed to lead paint dust in a House office building, the authorities said. Ten cafeteria employees at Capitol's Longworth House Office Building in Washingon, DC, are transported to hospitals after possible exposure to lead paint dust which may have been released in kitchen area during overnight construction.

One man connected with the armed takeover of a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon was arrested, and a second was held in the disappearance of a vehicle, the authorities said. One man connected with the armed takeover of a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon was arrested, and a second was held in the disappearance of a vehicle, the authorities said. Two men affiliated with armed takeover of Malheur National Wildlife Refuge are arrested in unconnected incidents away from refuge itself; Kenneth Medenbach is charged with unauthorized use of motor vehicle belonging to refuge, and Brian Cavalier is arrested in Arizona on criminal warrant during investigation of suspicious vehicle. 

The girl, Natalia Jimenez, fell five stories and was pronounced dead at a Manhattan hospital. The girl, Natalia Jimenez, fell five stories and was pronounced dead at a Manhattan hospital. Fifteen-year-old Natalia Jimenez dies after attempting to jump from one rooftop to another in Hell's Kitchen neighborhood of Midtown Manhattan. 

The Department of Defense lifted its suspension of recruitment by the University of Phoenix over concerns about improper use of military logos and other government inquiries. The Department of Defense lifted its suspension of recruitment by the University of Phoenix over concerns about improper use of military logos and other government inquiries. Defense Dept lifts recruitment suspension that had been imposed on University of Phoenix related to for-profit school's improper use of military logos, and in connection with other federal and state official inquiries into its operations. 

A federal judge rejected a bid for a new trial for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and ordered him to pay victims of the deadly attack more than $101 million in restitution. A federal judge rejected a bid for a new trial for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and ordered him to pay victims of the deadly attack more than $101 million in restitution. Federal judge rejects Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's retrial bid and orders him to pay over $101 million in restitution to family of victims, which he is unable to pay.  

They are brazen, terse, edgy and carry king-size ambition through a city of extremes. On Friday, the residents took exception to Senator Ted Cruz’s recent remarks about “New York values.” They are brazen, terse, edgy and carry king-size ambition through a city of extremes. On Friday, the residents took exception to Senator Ted Cruz’s recent remarks about “New York values.” New Yorkers, from city residents to media sources, respond clearly to Senator Ted Cruz's use of phrase 'New York values' as pejorative against Donald Trump during Republican presidential debate.

A truce was achieved when archbishops at a meeting in England voted resoundingly to impose restrictions for three years on the church’s American province, the Episcopal Church. A truce was achieved when archbishops at a meeting in England voted resoundingly to impose restrictions for three years on the church’s American province, the Episcopal Church. Archbishops of Anglican Communion succeed in keeping church intact in week of tense meetings in Canterbury, England, over deep divisions, largely because 38 Anglican archbishops have voted to impose restrictions on Episcopal Church for allowing clergy to perform same-sex marriages.

The Vermont senator faces a daunting problem even if he wins Iowa and New Hampshire: winning over African-American voters in the more diverse states to follow. The Vermont senator faces a daunting problem even if he wins Iowa and New Hampshire: winning over African-American voters in the more diverse states to follow. Bernie Sanders works to strengthen his support in black communities in key primary states by highlighting his history as civil rights activist and by directly addressing concerns of black community; Sanders's team has focused efforts on younger black voters and activists, given how well rival Hillary Clinton has been polling among older black female voters. 

Mr. Weis, who is replacing two executives atop the unit, helped design Disney’s Hollywood Studios park in Florida in the 1980s. Mr. Weis, who is replacing two executives atop the unit, helped design Disney’s Hollywood Studios park in Florida in the 1980s. 

Worsening economic conditions in 2010 led the Federal Reserve to act to try to avoid a new recession or a deflationary trap. Worsening economic conditions in 2010 led the Federal Reserve to act to try to avoid a new recession or a deflationary trap. Transcripts from Federal Reserve Open Market Committee's 2010 policy meetings reveal moves chairman Ben S Bernanke and his colleagues took as they realized global financial crisis had entered new stage and recovery was faltering; Janet L Yellen, current chairwoman of Federal Reserve, continues trend toward activism in post.

Higher investment would not just improve roads and railways; it would also boost the economy. Higher investment would not just improve roads and railways; it would also boost the economy. Editorial urges state governments to raise their gasoline taxes as fuel prices drop and use revenue to pay for upkeep on transportation infrastructure; notes Congress is unable to raise federal gas tax for political reasons.

Education for the incarcerated, preventive “community schools” and pardons are good, strong steps. But more should be done. Education for the incarcerated, preventive “community schools” and pardons are good, strong steps. But more should be done. Editorial assesses slate of prison reforms unveiled by New York Gov Andrew Cuomo; praises Cuomo for proposals, but suggests he can do more, such as making State Parole Board more transparent.

As their ranks thin with age, the Sisters of Our Lady of Christian Doctrine plan to sell some of their property in Upper Nyack to the Trust for Public Land. As their ranks thin with age, the Sisters of Our Lady of Christian Doctrine plan to sell some of their property in Upper Nyack to the Trust for Public Land. Sisters of Our Lady of Christian Doctrine have decided to sell 30 acres of 40-acre parcel of land they own in Upper Nyack, NY, to Trust for Public Land in bid to keep land they consider sacred open to public; parcel overlooks Hudson River and abuts both Nyack Beach State Park and Rockland Lake State Park.

Instead of stopping the practice of blocking Israeli passengers from traveling between New York City and London, as the Transportation Department requested, the airline canceled the flights. Instead of stopping the practice of blocking Israeli passengers from traveling between New York City and London, as the Transportation Department requested, the airline canceled the flights. Kuwait Airways faces Transportation Dept charges of discrimination after stopping all flights between London and New York to avoid Israeli passengers; lawyers for Kuwait Airways argue that policy is based on Kuwaiti law, which prohibits their companies from conducting business with Israeli citizens.

Mayor Rahm Emanuel is in deep political trouble over police misconduct, but the ire is not uniform, and he has retained support from some prominent black pastors and elected officials. Mayor Rahm Emanuel is in deep political trouble over police misconduct, but the ire is not uniform, and he has retained support from some prominent black pastors and elected officials. Annual breakfast held by Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, in honor of Rev Dr Martin Luther King Jr, proceeds despite calls to boycott event as protest against mayor's handling of recent cases of police misconduct and shootings of black residents. 

An Army report on a military laboratory that mistakenly sent live anthrax around the world singled out 12 people for possible disciplinary action. An Army report on a military laboratory that mistakenly sent live anthrax around the world singled out 12 people for possible disciplinary action. Army issues severe reprimand to Brig Gen William E King IV and 11 others who face potential disciplinary actions for accidentally sending live anthrax to laboratories across the globe from Dugway Proving Ground in Utah; official investigation also stated that staff members under King's command regularly manipulated data about safety of pathogens being shipped.  

Chinese consumers are swapping mass-produced local beers for a bevy of imports and locally brewed brands, and a merged Anheuser-Busch InBev-SABMiller aims to capitalize. Chinese consumers are swapping mass-produced local beers for a bevy of imports and locally brewed brands, and a merged Anheuser-Busch InBev-SABMiller aims to capitalize. China's growing middle class embraces imported and local craft beers, growing the market many times over since 2009; large brewers like Anheuser-Busch InBev and SABMiller see opportunity in China, and are investing heavily in hopes of attracting more discerning customers.

Known for this podcast and his “Furious Thoughts” YouTube series, Kid Fury offers fans a comedy show on Saturday. Known for this podcast and his “Furious Thoughts” YouTube series, Kid Fury offers fans a comedy show on Saturday. 

MGM Resorts International said that it would become the first major casino company to end a longstanding and popular perk: free parking. The move could bring in millions of dollars annually. MGM Resorts International said that it would become the first major casino company to end a longstanding and popular perk: free parking. The move could bring in millions of dollars annually. MGM Resorts International announces it will become first major Las Vegas casino company to end free parking at its locations.

Hawaiian Airlines and Delta Air Lines again topped the airline on-time rankings for November, released on Friday by the Transportation Department. Hawaiian Airlines and Delta Air Lines again topped the airline on-time rankings for November, released on Friday by the Transportation Department. Transportation Department reports Hawaiian Airlines and Delta Air Lines ranked highest for on-time flights in November, while budget airlines Spirit and Frontier had worst on-time performance and highest number of complaints.

Dorothée Munyaneza uses spoken word, song and movement to revisit the genocide that forced her to flee her home as a 12-year-old. Dorothée Munyaneza uses spoken word, song and movement to revisit the genocide that forced her to flee her home as a 12-year-old. Alexis Soloski reviews Dorothee Munyaneza performance piece Samedi Detente at Public Theater as part of Under Radar Festival.

Pregnant women are told to avoid countries where mosquitoes are spreading the virus, which has been linked to brain damage in babies. Pregnant women are told to avoid countries where mosquitoes are spreading the virus, which has been linked to brain damage in babies. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issues warning to pregnant women to delay travel to 13 Latin American or Caribbean countries and Puerto Rico in face of spreading Zika virus. 

In Guillermo Calderón’s play, the setting is a classroom, and the lesson is about guerrilla warfare. In Guillermo Calderón’s play, the setting is a classroom, and the lesson is about guerrilla warfare. Charles Isherwood reviews play Escuela, written and directed by Guillermo Calderon,  at Public Theater as part of Under the Radar Festival.

As some polls have tightened and voting nears, Mr. Trump is starting to balance his unique, provocative style with running “the Iowa way” and “the New Hampshire way.” As some polls have tightened and voting nears, Mr. Trump is starting to balance his unique, provocative style with running “the Iowa way” and “the New Hampshire way.” Donald Trump's presidential campaign reveals shift in strategy, adhering to more conventional campaign events in New Hampshire and Iowa; critics and voters weigh in. 

They said they would focus on national security, the economy, health care, poverty and the Constitution after a meeting in Baltimore. They said they would focus on national security, the economy, health care, poverty and the Constitution after a meeting in Baltimore. House Speaker Paul D Ryan reveals plans for drafting of Republican campaign platform by party's congressional leaders in effort to allow GOP to quickly unify behind a nominee and key policy issues after tumultuous primary campaign ends.  

Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble said the migrant crisis posed a threat to free travel within the European Union as border restrictions tighten. Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble said the migrant crisis posed a threat to free travel within the European Union as border restrictions tighten. German Finance Min Wolfgang Schauble issues warning to rest of European Union, at end of two-day meeting of finance ministers in Brussels, that bloc's open internal border system may collapse as countries seek to establish border controls in reaction to record levels of migration.

The pact is part of an effort by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to improve safety practices in the auto industry. The pact is part of an effort by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to improve safety practices in the auto industry. Mark Rosekind, head of National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, announces deal with 18 automakers to share and analyze safety data in order to 'find and fix defects before someone gets hurt;' executives from car makers endorse list of voluntary proactive safety principles, which include developing plan to ward off digital attacks on vehicles.

McAdoo, 38, who said Friday that he would retain Steve Spagnuolo as defensive coordinator, was offered the coaching job at about the same time he appeared to be moving up the Eagles’ wish list. McAdoo, 38, who said Friday that he would retain Steve Spagnuolo as defensive coordinator, was offered the coaching job at about the same time he appeared to be moving up the Eagles’ wish list. New York Giants offer Ben McAdoo head coaching job, apparently shortly after finding out that McAdoo was scheduled for second interview with Giants NFC East rivals Philadelphia Eagles.

A fourth-quarter fizzle for most large banks is followed by a steep drop in their market value in the first two weeks of the first quarter. A fourth-quarter fizzle for most large banks is followed by a steep drop in their market value in the first two weeks of the first quarter. 

In a festival that is mostly sticking to the canon, Yannick Nézet-Séguin led his ensemble in a remarkable performance of Beethoven’s Fourth Concerto at Carnegie Hall. In a festival that is mostly sticking to the canon, Yannick Nézet-Séguin led his ensemble in a remarkable performance of Beethoven’s Fourth Concerto at Carnegie Hall. Anthony Tommasini reviews performance by Philadelphia Orchestra, conducted by Yannick Nezet-Seguin, at Carnegie Hall as part of three-week Music in Vienna festival. 

This genteel six-episode melodrama is set in Alexandria, Va., where Union and Confederate, slave and free, uneasily mingle. This genteel six-episode melodrama is set in Alexandria, Va., where Union and Confederate, slave and free, uneasily mingle. Mike Hale reviews six-episode PBS television show Mercy Street. 

Former C.I.A. agent has denied involvement in the kidnapping of a Egyptian cleric in 2003, which took place while she was working undercover as a diplomat in Milan. Former C.I.A. agent has denied involvement in the kidnapping of a Egyptian cleric in 2003, which took place while she was working undercover as a diplomat in Milan. 

Readers are largely dismayed by both the tone and content. Readers are largely dismayed by both the tone and content. 

A loan from Citibank, in addition to one from Goldman Sachs disclosed this week, should have been reported to the Federal Election Commission. A loan from Citibank, in addition to one from Goldman Sachs disclosed this week, should have been reported to the Federal Election Commission. Sen Ted Cruz faces criticism for withholding information about loan from Citibank used in his 2012 bid for seat in Senate; is second major campaign loan that he failed to disclose;  claims omission was accidental in letter to federal election officials, but lack of transparency may hurt his bid to secure nomination in 2016 Republican presidential race.

The case before the Supreme Court will test what kinds of official conduct amount to forbidden corruption. The case before the Supreme Court will test what kinds of official conduct amount to forbidden corruption. Supreme Court agrees to hear appeal from former Virginia Gov Bob McDonnell, who faces two years in prison on public corruption charges; case is expected to offer influential precedent in setting boundaries of official conduct that can be defined as corruption.

As an oil glut grows despite production cuts, investors worry about a slowdown in the global economy. As an oil glut grows despite production cuts, investors worry about a slowdown in the global economy. Glut of crude oil continues to grow, causing tumult in global stock markets as prices dip below $30 per barrel.

In facetious posts on Twitter and other social media sites, some commenters speculated on the intentions of the drug lord Joaquín Guzmán Loera toward the actress Kate del Castillo. In facetious posts on Twitter and other social media sites, some commenters speculated on the intentions of the drug lord Joaquín Guzmán Loera toward the actress Kate del Castillo. 

A man who called himself Abu Bilal al-Homsi fought the government during the siege of his city, Homs, and briefed the media on battles. But as hunger set in, he turned to ISIS. A man who called himself Abu Bilal al-Homsi fought the government during the siege of his city, Homs, and briefed the media on battles. But as hunger set in, he turned to ISIS. Saturday Profile of Abu Bilal al-Homsi, Syrian rebel and media activist who unexpectedly became suicide bomber for Islamic State after siege of Homs; many of Abu Bilal's friends and family were surprised at his radicalization, which they attribute to maddening environment in city during siege.

Both Congress and the I.R.S. have taken steps to prevent affluent business owners from setting up insurance companies as a way to sidestep taxes, not protect against legitimate risks. Both Congress and the I.R.S. have taken steps to prevent affluent business owners from setting up insurance companies as a way to sidestep taxes, not protect against legitimate risks. Paul Sullivan Wealth Matters column notes more small businesses are creating their own private captive insurance companies, which is legal if they cover needs not dealt with by larger commercial insurance companies; captives are coming under scrutiny by Internal Revenue Service since premiums paid to them are tax-deductible and could be used to sidestep taxes.

Despite a strong labor market, prospects for consumer spending are not encouraging against the backdrop of the stock market sell-off. Despite a strong labor market, prospects for consumer spending are not encouraging against the backdrop of the stock market sell-off. Federal Reserve reports that industrial production in United States fell in December, in part because of strong dollar and sluggish global demand.

Following the liberation of Ramadi, Baghdad has experienced a return to the days when guerrilla tactics paralyzed the city. Following the liberation of Ramadi, Baghdad has experienced a return to the days when guerrilla tactics paralyzed the city. Many Iraqis have tempered their elation at news of victory over Islamic State forces in Ramadi, following attack by group in Baghdad, part of series of attacks group has made across globe in span of week; onslaught underscores concerns that military successes against group have not been accompanied by progress on issues that gave rise to group in first place.

An Episcopal priest writes that the decision to sideline the church “is offensive to authentic Christianity.” An Episcopal priest writes that the decision to sideline the church “is offensive to authentic Christianity.” 

A policy student writes that when we paint refugees as universally deserving, “we force ourselves to cover up the real challenges of integration.” A policy student writes that when we paint refugees as universally deserving, “we force ourselves to cover up the real challenges of integration.” 

Readers take issue with an Op-Ed writer’s possible willingness to sit out the election. Readers take issue with an Op-Ed writer’s possible willingness to sit out the election. 

Choosing which school to attend is one of the biggest financial decisions that many people will ever make. Why are some schools making it harder to compare the potential costs? Choosing which school to attend is one of the biggest financial decisions that many people will ever make. Why are some schools making it harder to compare the potential costs? Ron Lieber Your Money column discusses how some universities and colleges are opting out of services like College Abacus, which allow prospective students to compare and contrast tuition rates; argues these schools obscure their true cost.

The holding company that owns Google is moving the unit from a stand-alone division to a piece of X research and putting a new focus on robots. The holding company that owns Google is moving the unit from a stand-alone division to a piece of X research and putting a new focus on robots. Alphabet Inc moves robotics group to Google's X research division and hires tech industry veteran Hans Peter Brondmo to help with management; division has been plagued by low morale and lack of leadership since 2014 departure of founder Andy Rubin.

The avian influenza strain, which attacked a commercial turkey flock, was different from the main strain reported last year. The avian influenza strain, which attacked a commercial turkey flock, was different from the main strain reported last year. Department of Agriculture confirms that outbreak of avian influenza has hit commercial flock of turkeys in Indiana.

The report, based on a study conducted after Uber and Mayor Bill de Blasio clashed over his plan to cap the number of for-hire vehicles on New York City’s streets, recommended against such a limit. The report, based on a study conducted after Uber and Mayor Bill de Blasio clashed over his plan to cap the number of for-hire vehicles on New York City’s streets, recommended against such a limit. Report disproves Mayor Bill de Blasio's contention that Uber vehicles and other ride-hailing services are worsening traffic in Manhattan and recommends against de Blasio's proposed cap on Uber vehicles; conclusions, result of $2 million study, prompts truce between mayor and company.

A conventional ad has emerged from Mr. Trump’s unconventional campaign, but its upbeat message may help with evangelical voters uneasy with his combative style. A conventional ad has emerged from Mr. Trump’s unconventional campaign, but its upbeat message may help with evangelical voters uneasy with his combative style. 

Stadium financing has always been a struggle for St. Louis, and the deal the city tried to put together to keep the Rams could have been financially ruinous. Stadium financing has always been a struggle for St. Louis, and the deal the city tried to put together to keep the Rams could have been financially ruinous. Joe Nocera Sports Business column asserts that football fans in St Louis should not mourn departure of Rams to Los Angeles; says Missouri's proposal to build new stadium for St Louis Rams would have been financially ruinous, and notes there is still existing debt on existing Edward Jones Dome.

A writer from Earthjustice condemns “the Bundys and their ilk” for trying to turn “public places into their own private assets.” A writer from Earthjustice condemns “the Bundys and their ilk” for trying to turn “public places into their own private assets.” 

The benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index has slipped 8 percent this year, as concerns grow that the United States economy may be on the verge of a slowdown. The benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index has slipped 8 percent this year, as concerns grow that the United States economy may be on the verge of a slowdown. Market sell-off stokes concerns that economic problems in China could have negative impact on American households and corporations.

All Chipotle restaurants will open later than usual on Feb. 8 so employees can discuss safety changes, the chain said. All Chipotle restaurants will open later than usual on Feb. 8 so employees can discuss safety changes, the chain said. Chipotle Mexican Grill says it will shut all its locations for day to hold food safety meetings with employees; move comes after more than 500 customers became ill from food poisoning after eating in Chipotle restaurants in 2015. 

The more people want to join the E.U., the more people want to leave it. The more people want to join the E.U., the more people want to leave it. 

President Xi Jinping has not wavered from his view that destabilizing the North would create chaos in the region, scholars and officials said. President Xi Jinping has not wavered from his view that destabilizing the North would create chaos in the region, scholars and officials said. American and Chinese foreign policy experts say Pres Xi Jinping's reluctance to impose crippling punishments on North Korea over its nuclear tests is due to his belief that destabilizing North would throw region into chaos.

A report shows top track and field officials helping to hide doping or blackmailing athletes who were caught. A report shows top track and field officials helping to hide doping or blackmailing athletes who were caught. 

If anyone can save these billionaires from the cultural penalty box, it just might be Showtime and its new show starring Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti. If anyone can save these billionaires from the cultural penalty box, it just might be Showtime and its new show starring Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti. Heather Havrilesky reviews Showtime television series Billions,  starring Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti. 

Brown, the N.F.L.’s leading receiver this season, sustained a concussion on a hit by the Bengals’ Vontaze Burfict. Roethlisberger (shoulder) may also miss Pittsburgh’s game against the Broncos. Brown, the N.F.L.’s leading receiver this season, sustained a concussion on a hit by the Bengals’ Vontaze Burfict. Roethlisberger (shoulder) may also miss Pittsburgh’s game against the Broncos. NFL Roundup; Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Antonio Brown will miss divisional playoff game against Denver Broncos because of concussion; other football news noted.

The Chargers can join the Rams in Los Angeles or negotiate for a new stadium in San Diego. The Raiders can join the Rams if the Chargers decline, stay in Oakland or choose to move somewhere else. The Chargers can join the Rams in Los Angeles or negotiate for a new stadium in San Diego. The Raiders can join the Rams if the Chargers decline, stay in Oakland or choose to move somewhere else. Sports Q&A on decision by NFL owners to allow St Louis Rams to return to Los Angeles area and build domed stadium a few miles from downtown LA.

Aid workers witnessed the death of a 16-year-old boy in the besieged town, and they fear for the state of hundreds of thousands of people trapped in other areas. Aid workers witnessed the death of a 16-year-old boy in the besieged town, and they fear for the state of hundreds of thousands of people trapped in other areas. 

In an interview with CBS to be broadcast on Sunday, Mr. Penn said he had hoped that his interview with the fugitive would lead to a debate about the drug war. In an interview with CBS to be broadcast on Sunday, Mr. Penn said he had hoped that his interview with the fugitive would lead to a debate about the drug war. 

Donald J. Trump’s rivalry with Ted Cruz, with voting in Iowa only about two weeks away, has turned into a personal spat over each other’s values and constitutional eligibility to be president. Donald J. Trump’s rivalry with Ted Cruz, with voting in Iowa only about two weeks away, has turned into a personal spat over each other’s values and constitutional eligibility to be president. Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz trade heated insults during debate in New Hampshire; campaigning by all candidates intensifies as Feb 1 caucuses in Iowa approach. 

Senator Ted Cruz of Texas described Donald J. Trump as having “New York values” in the Republican debate on Thursday. What does that mean exactly? Senator Ted Cruz of Texas described Donald J. Trump as having “New York values” in the Republican debate on Thursday. What does that mean exactly? 

Many in the Indonesian capital expressed astonishment that the assailants had killed only two people, and praised the police for quickly neutralizing the attackers. Many in the Indonesian capital expressed astonishment that the assailants had killed only two people, and praised the police for quickly neutralizing the attackers. 

Many retirees enjoy the physical outdoor challenges of hiking, mountain climbing and bicycling and do it on the cheap. Many retirees enjoy the physical outdoor challenges of hiking, mountain climbing and bicycling and do it on the cheap. Retiring column; while some people retire to golf communities, more  retirees are opting for activities like camping and hiking; most older adventurers keeps costs low, living off Social Security and incurring minimal expenses; say adventure also serves as motivation to stay healthy. 

In the 1941 season at Plainfield Teachers College, every play — like every score and every player — was a fake. In the 1941 season at Plainfield Teachers College, every play — like every score and every player — was a fake. One of greatest hoaxes in sports history, in which Wall Street broker Morris Newburger played key role, recounted; in 1941 Newburger, known for his passion for both sports and pranks, duped number of major newspapers, including New York Times, into reporting entire season of scores for completely fictitious college football team. 

A lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union accuses the public defender’s office of leaving defendants in jail with no one to challenge or negotiate their cases. A lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union accuses the public defender’s office of leaving defendants in jail with no one to challenge or negotiate their cases. American Civil Liberties Union files class-action suit in Federal District Court in New Orleans over ineffectiveness of city's system of funding public defender program primarily through parking violation fees; suit follows announcement by New Orleans Public Defenders office that it will begin refusing some felony cases due to underfunding and overload; lawsuit also notes public defender program imposed hiring freeze in July that led to dismissal of significant number of lawyers. 

The director also explains why Charlize Theron’s character had to be a woman. The director also explains why Charlize Theron’s character had to be a woman. Cara Buckley The Carpetbagger column offers edited excerpts from conversation with director George Miller, whose movie Mad Max: Fury Road has received 10 Oscar nominations.  

But a Kenyan military spokesman said that the attack had targeted a Somali military camp, next to the African Union base, and that most of the dead were Somalis. But a Kenyan military spokesman said that the attack had targeted a Somali military camp, next to the African Union base, and that most of the dead were Somalis. 

Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio spoke out on Friday to criticize Senator Ted Cruz’s swipe at Donald Trump and, by extension, New York, at the presidential debate on Thursday. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio spoke out on Friday to criticize Senator Ted Cruz’s swipe at Donald Trump and, by extension, New York, at the presidential debate on Thursday. 

Our selection of weekly web gems includes squirrel mayhem and a wrap-up of Powerball madness. Our selection of weekly web gems includes squirrel mayhem and a wrap-up of Powerball madness. 

The giant retailer said about 16,000 employees would be affected by the move. The giant retailer said about 16,000 employees would be affected by the move. Walmart announces it will close 269 stores in United States and overseas, potentially laying off nearly 16,000 workers; closures come amid economic slowdown overseas and as shoppers flock to online retailers like Amazon.

T.J. Dillashaw and Dominick Cruz, who like so many M.M.A. stars got their start in amateur wrestling, will fight for Dillashaw’s bantamweight title on Sunday in Boston. T.J. Dillashaw and Dominick Cruz, who like so many M.M.A. stars got their start in amateur wrestling, will fight for Dillashaw’s bantamweight title on Sunday in Boston. Profiles of T J Dillashaw and Dominick Cruz, mixed martial artists who, like many MMA stars, got their starts in amateur wrestling; Dillashaw and Cruz are set to face each other in one of most anticipated Ultimate Fighting Championship bouts of 2016.

Some states have warned taxpayers not to expect refunds until after March 1, no matter when they file, because of added scrutiny to prevent fraud. Some states have warned taxpayers not to expect refunds until after March 1, no matter when they file, because of added scrutiny to prevent fraud. Ann Carrns Your Money Adviser column says precautions against fraud will delay some state tax refunds this year; authorities will use extra time to match information from multiple sources to ensure returns get to correct people; questions about reducing risk of tax fraud answered.

It’s not enough to be welcoming. The country must grapple with the challenges of integrating a million immigrants. It’s not enough to be welcoming. The country must grapple with the challenges of integrating a million immigrants. 

The Commerce Department said sales fell 0.1 percent in December, raising concerns about the economic recovery. The Commerce Department said sales fell 0.1 percent in December, raising concerns about the economic recovery. 

Nikola Gruevski submitted his resignation, clearing the way for elections within 100 days, but the opposition said that was not enough time to organize a fair vote. Nikola Gruevski submitted his resignation, clearing the way for elections within 100 days, but the opposition said that was not enough time to organize a fair vote. 

The state’s investigation into lead contamination of Flint’s drinking water follows the governor’s request that President Obama declare the problem a federal emergency. The state’s investigation into lead contamination of Flint’s drinking water follows the governor’s request that President Obama declare the problem a federal emergency. Michigan Atty Gen Bill Schuette opens investigation into contamination of drinking water in Flint, even as Gov Rick Snyder asks both Pres Obama and Federal Emergency Management Agency to declare federal disaster, which would allow provision of major  resources to address problem; many residents of Flint, poor city with population that is on decline, voice resentment and fear as growing number of people, particularly children, test positive for lead poisoning. 

If you have an administrator account, you can delete accounts but archive their contents in case a user returns, or you can delete accounts and all their data. If you have an administrator account, you can delete accounts but archive their contents in case a user returns, or you can delete accounts and all their data. 

The charge adds a brutal new twist to a nine-month crisis that has put the poor, tiny nation onto the agenda of the United Nations Security Council and the African Union. The charge adds a brutal new twist to a nine-month crisis that has put the poor, tiny nation onto the agenda of the United Nations Security Council and the African Union. 

Rescue crews with the Navy and the Coast Guard were searching for a dozen Marines and the debris of two aircraft that may have collided near Oahu. Rescue crews with the Navy and the Coast Guard were searching for a dozen Marines and the debris of two aircraft that may have collided near Oahu. Navy and Coast Guard rescue crews search area off Hawaiian coast for signs of 12 Marines aboard two helicopters believed to have crashed in high surf; CH-53E helicopters were deployed for local training mission by Marine Corps Base Hawaii.

A sluggish housing market and pressures in oil and gas lending hampered profits for the bank. A sluggish housing market and pressures in oil and gas lending hampered profits for the bank. 

Even with turmoil in the stock market, the giant asset manager recorded $60 billion of net E.T.F. inflows. Even with turmoil in the stock market, the giant asset manager recorded $60 billion of net E.T.F. inflows. 

Crude was trading below $30 a barrel as worries of a worsening glut weighed on investors. Crude was trading below $30 a barrel as worries of a worsening glut weighed on investors. 

Lower legal expenses and cost cuts help drive the bank’s performance in the fourth quarter. Lower legal expenses and cost cuts help drive the bank’s performance in the fourth quarter. 

Mr. Perelman’s investment firm said that it expected “to communicate with third parties” about a potential transaction, but has not formulated a plan. Mr. Perelman’s investment firm said that it expected “to communicate with third parties” about a potential transaction, but has not formulated a plan. Billionaire businessman Ronald O Perelman files notice with Securities and Exchange Commission that infers search for sale of Revlon, cosmetic company he has controlled through his investment firm for more than two decades.

Beijing is said to be in discussions with Washington about the brother of Ling Jihua, a former party official who is awaiting trial on graft charges. Beijing is said to be in discussions with Washington about the brother of Ling Jihua, a former party official who is awaiting trial on graft charges. 

Reports in some state-run news outlets in China are riddled with euphemisms, and other sources have largely focused on the mechanics of the election. Reports in some state-run news outlets in China are riddled with euphemisms, and other sources have largely focused on the mechanics of the election. 

The drug was being tested on healthy volunteers in a licensed private institution specializing in clinical trials, the health minister said. The drug was being tested on healthy volunteers in a licensed private institution specializing in clinical trials, the health minister said. France's health minister says that six men who were part of Phase 1 clinical drug trial for Portuguese drug manufacturer Bial have been hospitalized with brain damage; company says in statement that it had followed all guidelines and regulations for clinical trials.

The scholars were among more than 1,000 people who signed a public statement urging the government to end the “deliberate massacre” of Kurds. The scholars were among more than 1,000 people who signed a public statement urging the government to end the “deliberate massacre” of Kurds. 

From the South Korean brand Juun.J to the Generation Africa presentation, the Florence-based men’s wear fair had future markets in mind. From the South Korean brand Juun.J to the Generation Africa presentation, the Florence-based men’s wear fair had future markets in mind. 

A 22-year-old woman from the northern part of the country was identified as the victim, and certain areas would be quarantined in response to her death. A 22-year-old woman from the northern part of the country was identified as the victim, and certain areas would be quarantined in response to her death. World Health Organization confirms body of 22-year-old student in Sierra Leone tested positive for Ebola virus, same day WHO had announced all known transmission of Ebola in West Africa had been stopped.

With success on the playing field and preparations to move into a new stadium, the team works on raising its international profile. With success on the playing field and preparations to move into a new stadium, the team works on raising its international profile. 

Though government forces have killed many insurgents and retaken some territory, a relentless wave of attacks has left many Nigerians living in a perpetual state of fear. Though government forces have killed many insurgents and retaken some territory, a relentless wave of attacks has left many Nigerians living in a perpetual state of fear. Residents of northern Nigeria and Lake Chad region have felt little impact in their daily lives from string of victories of Pres Muhammadu Buhari's forces against Boko Haram; region is subject to relentless suicide bombings that have increased in frequency even as Buhari's multinational campaign has racked up victories.

The Chinese appliances company snapped up G.E. Appliances after a deal with Electrolux of Sweden fell apart last year. The Chinese appliances company snapped up G.E. Appliances after a deal with Electrolux of Sweden fell apart last year. General Electric says Qingdao Haier of China will buy its appliances business to for $5.4 billion; Haier will continue to use GE Appliances brand and headquarters will remain in United States; both companies note deal will allow GE to expand in Chinese market.

Commentators weighed in on Thursday’s debate in South Carolina, where the challenge for many candidates was breaking through on a loud and crowded stage. Commentators weighed in on Thursday’s debate in South Carolina, where the challenge for many candidates was breaking through on a loud and crowded stage. 

Watch a speaker of Xibe, a dialect of Manchu, sing a folk song inspired by the novel “Romance of the Three Kingdoms.” Watch a speaker of Xibe, a dialect of Manchu, sing a folk song inspired by the novel “Romance of the Three Kingdoms.” 

If Ben Roethlisberger plays, and Peyton Manning’s turnover problems resurface, it could mean the end for the Broncos. If Ben Roethlisberger plays, and Peyton Manning’s turnover problems resurface, it could mean the end for the Broncos. 

The Cardinals defense is short-handed, but the offense is so explosive that it may not matter against the Packers. The Cardinals defense is short-handed, but the offense is so explosive that it may not matter against the Packers. 

The Seahawks and the Panthers seem nearly unbeatable. The Panthers, the home team, get the edge, even if it is by just a sliver. The Seahawks and the Panthers seem nearly unbeatable. The Panthers, the home team, get the edge, even if it is by just a sliver. 

Kansas City, winner of 11 straight, looks to upset New England on Saturday. Kansas City, winner of 11 straight, looks to upset New England on Saturday. 

Kansas City, winner of 11 straight, looks to upset New England in Saturday’s early game, followed by Green Bay-Arizona. On Sunday, Seattle plays at Carolina, and Pittsburgh is at Denver. Kansas City, winner of 11 straight, looks to upset New England in Saturday’s early game, followed by Green Bay-Arizona. On Sunday, Seattle plays at Carolina, and Pittsburgh is at Denver. Preview of NFL playoffs divisional round highlighted.

As the new season begins, the world's top-ranked men's player is as dominant as ever, but he still lacks two of the biggest prizes in tennis: a French Open title and an Olympic gold medal. As the new season begins, the world's top-ranked men's player is as dominant as ever, but he still lacks two of the biggest prizes in tennis: a French Open title and an Olympic gold medal. Novak Djokovic, top-seeded man at Australian Open tennis tournament, has his sights set on winning French Open title and Olympic gold medal this season.

Ms. Strout, whose latest novel is written in a strikingly spare first-person voice, says her characters are not pawns used to make a greater point, or stand-ins for her own experiences. Ms. Strout, whose latest novel is written in a strikingly spare first-person voice, says her characters are not pawns used to make a greater point, or stand-ins for her own experiences. Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist Elizabeth Strout, whose latest book is My Name is Lucy Barton, discusses writing style she uses that deliberately blurs line between reality and fiction.

El Eticista responde a un lector que cree que su papá prefería a los hombres pero nunca se lo mencionó a su mamá. El Eticista responde a un lector que cree que su papá prefería a los hombres pero nunca se lo mencionó a su mamá. 

A medida que toman control de los políticos, los carteles se transforman en un poder oscuro que utiliza las herramientas del Estado para tener influencia. A medida que toman control de los políticos, los carteles se transforman en un poder oscuro que utiliza las herramientas del Estado para tener influencia. 

The New York Times culled its files for a retrospective on how black leaders including Rosa Parks, Jackie Robinson and Dr. King himself were regarded at their deaths. The New York Times culled its files for a retrospective on how black leaders including Rosa Parks, Jackie Robinson and Dr. King himself were regarded at their deaths. 

It’s tempting to think of “Billions” as a natural companion to the Oscar nominee “The Big Short,” but it most resembles “The Revenant.” It’s tempting to think of “Billions” as a natural companion to the Oscar nominee “The Big Short,” but it most resembles “The Revenant.” 

 Here are my collected tweets as play-by-play commentary on the Clinton-Sanders presidential debate. Here are my collected tweets as play-by-play commentary on the Clinton-Sanders presidential debate.

It’s all about new and old suitors for the daughters of Downton. It’s all about new and old suitors for the daughters of Downton. 

 Mr. Sanders, under pressure from the Clinton campaign to explain how he would pay for his progressive policies, unveiled a universal healthcare plan on Sunday night that includes sweeping tax increases and a drastic tax hike for the wealthiest. Mr. Sanders, under pressure from the Clinton campaign to explain how he would pay for his progressive policies, unveiled a universal healthcare plan on Sunday night that includes sweeping tax increases and a drastic tax hike for the wealthiest.

A dinner at the Roosevelt Grill, the prize awarded to a dance contest winner in 1941, was recently granted by the hotel to the woman’s daughter. A dinner at the Roosevelt Grill, the prize awarded to a dance contest winner in 1941, was recently granted by the hotel to the woman’s daughter. 

 Tell us what you think. Tell us what you think.

 Supporters of Mr. Sanders attended church with him and sought to present his stances on race and the economy as an extension of the views of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Supporters of Mr. Sanders attended church with him and sought to present his stances on race and the economy as an extension of the views of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.

Scenes from this year’s festival. Scenes from this year’s festival. 

 Kathy Wienberg makes a sublime New York Times debut. Kathy Wienberg makes a sublime New York Times debut.

3억 5천9백만 년 전에 일어난 대량멸종 전후의 화석을 분석한 결과 대량멸종 이후 살아남은 생물 종은 대체로 몸집이 작았다. 3억 5천9백만 년 전에 일어난 대량멸종 전후의 화석을 분석한 결과 대량멸종 이후 살아남은 생물 종은 대체로 몸집이 작았다. 

Moncler Gamme Bleu’s Fall 2016 show. Moncler Gamme Bleu’s Fall 2016 show. 

The latest nuclear test by North Korea earlier this month drew swift condemnation from the United Nations Security Council. The latest nuclear test by North Korea earlier this month drew swift condemnation from the United Nations Security Council. 

 When politicians think they’re action heroes. When politicians think they’re action heroes.

Damir Doma presents looks for Fall 2016. Damir Doma presents looks for Fall 2016. 

 Reed Hastings, the video-streaming service’s co-founder, said people on Réunion Island — a small French-governed island off the coast of Madagascar — were some of the first to sign up as new subscribers. Reed Hastings, the video-streaming service’s co-founder, said people on Réunion Island — a small French-governed island off the coast of Madagascar — were some of the first to sign up as new subscribers.

The Fall 2016 men’s collection from Prada. The Fall 2016 men’s collection from Prada. 

 Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee, responded on CNN to criticism from some in her party that the Democratic debate schedule, which has included weekend forums, gives an advantage to Hillary Clinton. Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee, responded on CNN to criticism from some in her party that the Democratic debate schedule, which has included weekend forums, gives an advantage to Hillary Clinton.

 News of the diplomatic thaw with Iran provided the Republican presidential candidates with more fodder to attack both President Obama and Hillary Clinton over the weekend. News of the diplomatic thaw with Iran provided the Republican presidential candidates with more fodder to attack both President Obama and Hillary Clinton over the weekend.

Rashida Jones cuts up in “Angie Tribeca.” Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti spar in “Billions.” And PBS unveils “Mercy Street,” the “Downton Abbey” heir apparent. Rashida Jones cuts up in “Angie Tribeca.” Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti spar in “Billions.” And PBS unveils “Mercy Street,” the “Downton Abbey” heir apparent. 

Zegna’s fall/winter 2016 show explored “excessive embellishment,” while Donatella Versace focused her collection around pioneers of the future. Zegna’s fall/winter 2016 show explored “excessive embellishment,” while Donatella Versace focused her collection around pioneers of the future. 

The fall 2016 designs from Missoni. The fall 2016 designs from Missoni. 

Slow cooker pork tacos, Mario Batali’s recipe for penne all’arrabbiata and more ideas for the chilly days ahead. Slow cooker pork tacos, Mario Batali’s recipe for penne all’arrabbiata and more ideas for the chilly days ahead. 

Fall 2016 designs from the Calvin Klein Collection. Fall 2016 designs from the Calvin Klein Collection. 

Fall 2016 men’s wear designs from Salvatore Ferragamo. Fall 2016 men’s wear designs from Salvatore Ferragamo. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Insurgents surrender to the new military leader after a bloody uprising in Nigeria in 1966. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Insurgents surrender to the new military leader after a bloody uprising in Nigeria in 1966.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: The head of an American Jewish organization describes the miserable conditions as the Nazis swept across the Continent. From the International Herald Tribune archives: The head of an American Jewish organization describes the miserable conditions as the Nazis swept across the Continent.

 What we said was “be nice.” What she heard was “you don’t matter.” What we said was “be nice.” What she heard was “you don’t matter.”

The latest designs from Bottega Veneta. The latest designs from Bottega Veneta. 

Michaeleen Crowell, the chief of staff for Mr. Sanders’s Senate office, has studied Mrs. Clinton’s posture and policy positions. Michaeleen Crowell, the chief of staff for Mr. Sanders’s Senate office, has studied Mrs. Clinton’s posture and policy positions. Democratic presidential candidate Sen Bernie Sanders prepares for debates by having Michaeleen Crowell, chief of staff for his Senate office, act part of Hillary Clinton; Crowell's political career highlighted.  

Corrections appearing in print on Sunday, January 17, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Sunday, January 17, 2016. 

Quotation of the Day for Sunday, January 17, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Sunday, January 17, 2016. 

A man wearing traditional South Asian clothing was punched and kicked by two men as he walked near a school in the Bronx, the police said. A man wearing traditional South Asian clothing was punched and kicked by two men as he walked near a school in the Bronx, the police said. 

Track’s governing body changed the schedule for the Rio Olympics so Felix, a top American sprinter, can compete in both the 200 and the 400 meters. Track’s governing body changed the schedule for the Rio Olympics so Felix, a top American sprinter, can compete in both the 200 and the 400 meters. 

Bryant said it was time to let others compete. Bryant said it was time to let others compete. 

Deontay Wilder retained his World Boxing Council heavyweight championship with a knockout of Artur Szpilka in the ninth round at Barclays Center. Deontay Wilder retained his World Boxing Council heavyweight championship with a knockout of Artur Szpilka in the ninth round at Barclays Center. Deontay Wilder defeats Artur Szpilka by ninth-round knockout to retain World Boxing Council heavyweight title.

Svindal won on the Lauberhorn course in Switzerland to retake the overall standings lead. Svindal won on the Lauberhorn course in Switzerland to retake the overall standings lead. Norwegian skier Aksel Lund Svindal wins World Cup downhill in Wengen, Switzerland; other skiing news noted.

Ledecky finished ahead of an impressive field in the women’s 200-meter freestyle at the Arena Pro Swim Series event in Austin. Ledecky finished ahead of an impressive field in the women’s 200-meter freestyle at the Arena Pro Swim Series event in Austin. Katie Ledecky wins women's 200-meter freestyle at Arena Pro Swim Series event in Austin, Tex.

Zander Lombard shared the third-round lead with Haydn Porteous and Anthony Wall at the Joburg Open. Zander Lombard shared the third-round lead with Haydn Porteous and Anthony Wall at the Joburg Open. Zander Lombard, Haydn Porteous and Anthony Wall share third-round lead at Joburg Open golf tournament.

Brandt Snedeker shared the lead with Zac Blair through the third round. Brandt Snedeker shared the lead with Zac Blair through the third round. Brandt Snedeker and Zac Blair share third-round lead at Sony Open golf tournament.

Pharoah, the winner of the Triple Crown and the Breeders’ Cup Classic, was named the 2015 horse of the year and the top 3-year-old male at the Eclipse Awards. Pharoah, the winner of the Triple Crown and the Breeders’ Cup Classic, was named the 2015 horse of the year and the top 3-year-old male at the Eclipse Awards. Triple Crown winner American Pharoah is named 2015 horse of year at Eclipse Awards.

Michael James Riddering, who moved from Florida, worked at the Les Ailes de Refuge Orphanage, about 70 miles from Ouagadougou. Michael James Riddering, who moved from Florida, worked at the Les Ailes de Refuge Orphanage, about 70 miles from Ouagadougou. 

As the polls in Iowa narrow and Mr. Sanders maintains a lead in New Hampshire, both candidates have shifted attention and resources to South Carolina, which has emerged as a crucial battleground should Mrs. Clinton lose the first two nominating contests. As the polls in Iowa narrow and Mr. Sanders maintains a lead in New Hampshire, both candidates have shifted attention and resources to South Carolina, which has emerged as a crucial battleground should Mrs. Clinton lose the first two nominating contests. Sen Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton both address black community leaders in South Carolina as primary approaches.

Richard Elliott and Kevin Tobia met at Oxford University in England. Richard Elliott and Kevin Tobia met at Oxford University in England. 

The couple met while completing a dual undergraduate degree program at Columbia and the Jewish Theological Seminary. The couple met while completing a dual undergraduate degree program at Columbia and the Jewish Theological Seminary. 

The bride works for Chernin Entertainment and the groom for Fox Broadcasting, both in Southern California, but the couple met in New York. The bride works for Chernin Entertainment and the groom for Fox Broadcasting, both in Southern California, but the couple met in New York. 

The couple met on OkCupid and bonded over a terrible meal on their first date. The couple met on OkCupid and bonded over a terrible meal on their first date. 

The bride, an interior designer, and the groom, a lawyer, were wed at Maidstone Club in East Hampton, N.Y. The bride, an interior designer, and the groom, a lawyer, were wed at Maidstone Club in East Hampton, N.Y. 

Smitten with each other as teenagers, Giuliana Galant and James Beall became bride and groom 10 years later. Smitten with each other as teenagers, Giuliana Galant and James Beall became bride and groom 10 years later. 

The couple met at an Anti-Defamation League Gay Pride Week event at Nellie’s Sports Bar in Washington. The couple met at an Anti-Defamation League Gay Pride Week event at Nellie’s Sports Bar in Washington. 

In it for the long run: The bride and groom met on a charity’s marathon team. In it for the long run: The bride and groom met on a charity’s marathon team. 

The couple met at Bates College, from which they graduated. The couple met at Bates College, from which they graduated. 

The couple were introduced by mutual friends in 2011 while in Austin, Tex. The couple were introduced by mutual friends in 2011 while in Austin, Tex. 

The couple met in 2011 at the wedding of a cousin of the groom who was also a childhood friend of the bride. The couple met in 2011 at the wedding of a cousin of the groom who was also a childhood friend of the bride. 

The couple connected through JDate in 2011, having recognized each other’s photos because their paths had crossed many times as children. The couple connected through JDate in 2011, having recognized each other’s photos because their paths had crossed many times as children. 

The bride was the first to arrive at a friend’s party, the groom the second The bride was the first to arrive at a friend’s party, the groom the second 

The couple met in New York in 2011 while both were working for Nomura Securities, the Japanese bank. The couple met in New York in 2011 while both were working for Nomura Securities, the Japanese bank. 

The bride is a partner in an investment firm, and the groom is a lawyer The bride is a partner in an investment firm, and the groom is a lawyer 

The couple met in 2008 at Boston University, from which they both graduated. The couple met in 2008 at Boston University, from which they both graduated. 

The couple met at a dinner party, and soon realized they had grown up two blocks from each other in Manhattan. The couple met at a dinner party, and soon realized they had grown up two blocks from each other in Manhattan. 

Cory Schneider stopped 38 shots for his fourth shutout of the season. Cory Schneider stopped 38 shots for his fourth shutout of the season. NHL Roundup; New Jersey Devils defeat Arizona Coyotes, 2-0; other hockey scores noted.

Matthew Trevithick, in the country to study language, was detained in December, but his arrest wasn’t previously revealed and officials haven’t explained it. Matthew Trevithick, in the country to study language, was detained in December, but his arrest wasn’t previously revealed and officials haven’t explained it. 

GENUNG--Diana Riggs, died peacefully on January 11, 2016, following a short and courageous battle with cancer. She was born in Elmira, NY in 1946, the daughter of Elizabeth Falck Riggs Hart and John S. Riggs. She graduated from Miss Hall's School in Pittsfield, MA and Beaver College in Glenside, PA. She is survived by her husband of 48 years, Frederick M. Genung of Naples, FL and Old Forge, NY; her son Alexander M. Genung and his wife Elizabeth (Lee) Carstensen Genung of Stowe, VT; her daughter Elizabeth (Kate) G. Taylor and her husband Prescott B. Taylor of Wellesley, MA; four grandchildren, Lucy and Chip Genung, and Ellie and Caroline Taylor; her sister Anne A. Good of Naples, FL and Old Forge, NY. A memorial service will be held at 10:30am on January 30th at the Naples Botanical Garden. In lieu of flowers, please consider a gift to the Naples Neighborhood Health Clinic or The Everglades Foundation, both in Naples, FL, or the Mission Boutique thrift store and food pantry in Old Forge, NY (Niccolls Memorial Presbyterian Church, PO Box 605, Old Forge, NY 13420). 1/3 GENUNG--Diana Riggs, died peacefully on January 11, 2016, following a short and courageous battle with cancer. She was born in Elmira, NY in 1946, the daughter of Elizabeth Falck Riggs Hart and John S. Riggs. She graduated from Miss Hall's School in Pittsfield, MA and Beaver College in Glenside, PA. She is survived by her husband of 48 years, Frederick M. Genung of Naples, FL and Old Forge, NY; her son Alexander M. Genung and his wife Elizabeth (Lee) Carstensen Genung of Stowe, VT; her daughter Elizabeth (Kate) G. Taylor and her husband Prescott B. Taylor of Wellesley, MA; four grandchildren, Lucy and Chip Genung, and Ellie and Caroline Taylor; her sister Anne A. Good of Naples, FL and Old Forge, NY. A memorial service will be held at 10:30am on January 30th at the Naples Botanical Garden. In lieu of flowers, please consider a gift to the Naples Neighborhood Health Clinic or The Everglades Foundation, both in Naples, FL, or the Mission Boutique thrift store and food pantry in Old Forge, NY (Niccolls Memorial Presbyterian Church, PO Box 605, Old Forge, NY 13420). 1/3 

PERRY--Susan M.,66, died on January 10, 2016 of brain cancer. Sue loved sailing, the Yankees, great music and New York City. Born in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin on July 19, 1949, Sue grew up in Wauwatosa and graduated from Wauwatosa West High School. She earned a B.S. in English and secondary education from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee and an M.A. in English from the University of Maine. She completed coursework for a doctorate in rhetoric and composition from the University of Rhode Island. Sue worked in New York as a copy supervisor at Wishbone/ITP, as a senior copywriter at Saatchi and Saatchi Healthcare Advertising, and as a writer and medical editor for Cline Davis and Mann. She taught a variety of courses at Iona College and at The Portfolio Center in Atlanta. She began her career writing copy at WTMJ in Milwaukee. Sue treasured her nieces and nephews-Wallis and Arthur Perry; Lisa Manon and her daughter Sahsheem Davis; Jennifer Manon, Josh Bardfield and their daughters Sadie and Uma; Jesse Schmidt, Katie Barnes Schmidt and their son Grady; Darren Schmidt and Sunita Kurra; Mary Catharine, Rory and Hannah Gillick; Molly Horstman and Raphael Gang; Terry Horstman; and Patrick Perry and his daughter Ashlynn-and they adored her in return. Five of Sue's brothers and sisters survive her: John (Becky) Perry, Terry Perry (the late Terry Gillick), Katy Perry (Andy Horstman), Anne Perry (Ray Schmidt), and Joe Perry. They and Sue's many friends will deeply miss her quick, irreverent wit, her insistence on proper grammar and her uncanny ability to make everyone feel as if they were her favorite. Sue's mother Mary Sullivan Perry died in 1960, her father Wally in 1989, and her sister Barbara in 2001. Plans for a memorial celebration in Milwaukee are pending. Donations suggested to the Sojourner Family Peace Center or Midwest Athletes Against Childhood Cancer (MACC Fund), both of Milwaukee. 1/3 PERRY--Susan M.,66, died on January 10, 2016 of brain cancer. Sue loved sailing, the Yankees, great music and New York City. Born in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin on July 19, 1949, Sue grew up in Wauwatosa and graduated from Wauwatosa West High School. She earned a B.S. in English and secondary education from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee and an M.A. in English from the University of Maine. She completed coursework for a doctorate in rhetoric and composition from the University of Rhode Island. Sue worked in New York as a copy supervisor at Wishbone/ITP, as a senior copywriter at Saatchi and Saatchi Healthcare Advertising, and as a writer and medical editor for Cline Davis and Mann. She taught a variety of courses at Iona College and at The Portfolio Center in Atlanta. She began her career writing copy at WTMJ in Milwaukee. Sue treasured her nieces and nephews-Wallis and Arthur Perry; Lisa Manon and her daughter Sahsheem Davis; Jennifer Manon, Josh Bardfield and their daughters Sadie and Uma; Jesse Schmidt, Katie Barnes Schmidt and their son Grady; Darren Schmidt and Sunita Kurra; Mary Catharine, Rory and Hannah Gillick; Molly Horstman and Raphael Gang; Terry Horstman; and Patrick Perry and his daughter Ashlynn-and they adored her in return. Five of Sue's brothers and sisters survive her: John (Becky) Perry, Terry Perry (the late Terry Gillick), Katy Perry (Andy Horstman), Anne Perry (Ray Schmidt), and Joe Perry. They and Sue's many friends will deeply miss her quick, irreverent wit, her insistence on proper grammar and her uncanny ability to make everyone feel as if they were her favorite. Sue's mother Mary Sullivan Perry died in 1960, her father Wally in 1989, and her sister Barbara in 2001. Plans for a memorial celebration in Milwaukee are pending. Donations suggested to the Sojourner Family Peace Center or Midwest Athletes Against Childhood Cancer (MACC Fund), both of Milwaukee. 1/3 

MANUS--Morton. President of Alfred Music, passed away at his Los Angeles home on January 9 after a battle with cancer. He was a devoted husband to his wife Iris, a loving father and grandfather, an innovative music publisher, a celebrated author, an inspiring mentor to his staff, and a dedicated friend. Morty was a great man. Born in 1926 in New York to Russian immigrants Samuel and Ann, Morty proudly enlisted in the Air Force during WWII, received a business degree from The City College of New York, and in the late 1940s, joined his father in the family business, Alfred Music. When Morty started working at Alfred Music, there were four employees: Morty's father Sam, a picker, a packer, and a bookkeeper. The important part of this story is Rose, the bookkeeper, who had a daughter named Iris. Morty and Iris fell in love, and as they say, the rest is history. They were married over 60 years. Alfred Music began in New York's Tin Pan Alley in 1922 and focused on mood music for silent films. Inspired by the need for quality music education products, Morty, a pianist, clarinetist, and guitarist, reinvented the company in the 1950s. He oversaw the development of an instructional series for accordion, followed by similar publications for guitar, piano, and recorder. Morty is the author and editor of hundreds of titles in Alfred Music's catalog, including the enormously popular series, Alfred's Basic Guitar Method and Alfred's Basic Piano Library. When Alfred Music outgrew its New York headquarters in the mid-1970s, Morty and Iris moved the company to Los Angeles. As time went by, they split their time between New York and Los Angeles, having many close friends on both coasts. The company continued to grow under Morty's leadership. Morty was joined in the business by his son Ron in 1988 and his son Steven in 1992. The family business expanded into the world's leading instructional music publisher with offices in Australia, Germany, Singapore, and the United Kingdom. In 2005, Alfred Music purchased Warner Bros. Print Publications. Morty received an honorary Doctorate of Music from VanderCook College of Music in July of 2008. Morty and Iris continued to be deeply committed to music education by supporting many music scholarships, competitions, and organizations. Morty had many hobbies including being an avid sports fan, rooting for the Lakers and Dodgers. He was also a keen investor, skilled at stock charting and analysis. Among Morty's other great accomplishments was climbing Mount Washington, New Hampshire on several occasions. He would often remark to his companions during the climb, "You will tell your grandchildren about this." Though terribly saddened by their loss, the Manus family members are now focusing on celebrating his life and the bright light of his legacy. Thanks to his amazing life's work, generations of music makers will continue to experience the joy of making music. Morty and Iris recently summed up their love for music education and Alfred Music with these words: "Working a lifetime with Music and Musicians was not always milk and honey, but it was as close to heaven on earth as we could get." Morty is survived by his wife Iris; his three sons Steven (wife Sylvie), Scott, and Ron (partner Renee); his three granddaughters Alexandra, Samantha, and Melissandra; and his brother-in-law Jay Kopelman (wife Sherry). In lieu of flowers, please donate to: vh1savethemusic.org/ donate or cancer.org. 1/3 MANUS--Morton. President of Alfred Music, passed away at his Los Angeles home on January 9 after a battle with cancer. He was a devoted husband to his wife Iris, a loving father and grandfather, an innovative music publisher, a celebrated author, an inspiring mentor to his staff, and a dedicated friend. Morty was a great man. Born in 1926 in New York to Russian immigrants Samuel and Ann, Morty proudly enlisted in the Air Force during WWII, received a business degree from The City College of New York, and in the late 1940s, joined his father in the family business, Alfred Music. When Morty started working at Alfred Music, there were four employees: Morty's father Sam, a picker, a packer, and a bookkeeper. The important part of this story is Rose, the bookkeeper, who had a daughter named Iris. Morty and Iris fell in love, and as they say, the rest is history. They were married over 60 years. Alfred Music began in New York's Tin Pan Alley in 1922 and focused on mood music for silent films. Inspired by the need for quality music education products, Morty, a pianist, clarinetist, and guitarist, reinvented the company in the 1950s. He oversaw the development of an instructional series for accordion, followed by similar publications for guitar, piano, and recorder. Morty is the author and editor of hundreds of titles in Alfred Music's catalog, including the enormously popular series, Alfred's Basic Guitar Method and Alfred's Basic Piano Library. When Alfred Music outgrew its New York headquarters in the mid-1970s, Morty and Iris moved the company to Los Angeles. As time went by, they split their time between New York and Los Angeles, having many close friends on both coasts. The company continued to grow under Morty's leadership. Morty was joined in the business by his son Ron in 1988 and his son Steven in 1992. The family business expanded into the world's leading instructional music publisher with offices in Australia, Germany, Singapore, and the United Kingdom. In 2005, Alfred Music purchased Warner Bros. Print Publications. Morty received an honorary Doctorate of Music from VanderCook College of Music in July of 2008. Morty and Iris continued to be deeply committed to music education by supporting many music scholarships, competitions, and organizations. Morty had many hobbies including being an avid sports fan, rooting for the Lakers and Dodgers. He was also a keen investor, skilled at stock charting and analysis. Among Morty's other great accomplishments was climbing Mount Washington, New Hampshire on several occasions. He would often remark to his companions during the climb, "You will tell your grandchildren about this." Though terribly saddened by their loss, the Manus family members are now focusing on celebrating his life and the bright light of his legacy. Thanks to his amazing life's work, generations of music makers will continue to experience the joy of making music. Morty and Iris recently summed up their love for music education and Alfred Music with these words: "Working a lifetime with Music and Musicians was not always milk and honey, but it was as close to heaven on earth as we could get." Morty is survived by his wife Iris; his three sons Steven (wife Sylvie), Scott, and Ron (partner Renee); his three granddaughters Alexandra, Samantha, and Melissandra; and his brother-in-law Jay Kopelman (wife Sherry). In lieu of flowers, please donate to: vh1savethemusic.org/ donate or cancer.org. 1/3 

HAGERMAN--Peter S.,76, of Mendham, New Jersey died Wednesday, January 6, after a valiant battle with cancer. Born in East Orange, New Jersey, he was the son of the late Helen and Stephen T. Hagerman. Peter was a graduate of Columbia High School in Maplewood, New Jersey. Later, as member of the Class of 1961 of The School of Business Administration at Lehigh University in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, he received a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration. He later achieved a Master of Science in Business Administration from New York University. As a dedicated alumnus, Peter established an endowed scholarship fund, funded several student scholarships in the College of Business Administration and, with another classmate, created the highly successful and increasingly influential Endowment for Teaching of Ethical DecisionMaking at Lehigh. Peter was awarded the Eugene G. Grace Class of 1889 Award for distinguished service to the University's Planned Giving Program, as well as the prestigious Packard Award for outstanding service to the University. His name was recently inscribed on Lehigh's Leadership Plaza of the Alumni Memorial Building. Starting his career at E.F. Hutton & Company Inc., he later founded Hallmark Capital Management, a successful investment management firm, where he was the President for many years. Peter often remarked that his profession was also his hobby. After his retirement, Peter remained involved with Hallmark as Vice Chairman. Peter was named a Five Star Wealth Manager by New Jersey Monthly Magazine from 2012 through 2015. Peter is survived by his son, Stephen James Hagerman, of Denver, Colorado, his daughter Christine A. Hagerman, of Randolph, New Jersey and his beloved grandchildren, James and Sarah, also of Randolph, New Jersey. In addition, he is survived by his sister, Judith Gould, of Forest Hill, Maryland, his niece, Deborah Scott of Lititz, Pennsylvania and his nephew David Bergman, of Phoenix, Maryland. He will also be remembered by countless friends and business associates as a devoted professional, mentor and friend. The family held a private funeral service. In his memory, Peter requested that memorial donations be made to Lehigh University, Advancement Office, 27 Memorial Drive West, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania 18015. 1/3 HAGERMAN--Peter S.,76, of Mendham, New Jersey died Wednesday, January 6, after a valiant battle with cancer. Born in East Orange, New Jersey, he was the son of the late Helen and Stephen T. Hagerman. Peter was a graduate of Columbia High School in Maplewood, New Jersey. Later, as member of the Class of 1961 of The School of Business Administration at Lehigh University in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, he received a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration. He later achieved a Master of Science in Business Administration from New York University. As a dedicated alumnus, Peter established an endowed scholarship fund, funded several student scholarships in the College of Business Administration and, with another classmate, created the highly successful and increasingly influential Endowment for Teaching of Ethical DecisionMaking at Lehigh. Peter was awarded the Eugene G. Grace Class of 1889 Award for distinguished service to the University's Planned Giving Program, as well as the prestigious Packard Award for outstanding service to the University. His name was recently inscribed on Lehigh's Leadership Plaza of the Alumni Memorial Building. Starting his career at E.F. Hutton & Company Inc., he later founded Hallmark Capital Management, a successful investment management firm, where he was the President for many years. Peter often remarked that his profession was also his hobby. After his retirement, Peter remained involved with Hallmark as Vice Chairman. Peter was named a Five Star Wealth Manager by New Jersey Monthly Magazine from 2012 through 2015. Peter is survived by his son, Stephen James Hagerman, of Denver, Colorado, his daughter Christine A. Hagerman, of Randolph, New Jersey and his beloved grandchildren, James and Sarah, also of Randolph, New Jersey. In addition, he is survived by his sister, Judith Gould, of Forest Hill, Maryland, his niece, Deborah Scott of Lititz, Pennsylvania and his nephew David Bergman, of Phoenix, Maryland. He will also be remembered by countless friends and business associates as a devoted professional, mentor and friend. The family held a private funeral service. In his memory, Peter requested that memorial donations be made to Lehigh University, Advancement Office, 27 Memorial Drive West, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania 18015. 1/3 

de SIMONE--Lillian Imundo. Beloved mother, teacher and friend, passed away peacefully on January 6, 2016, after a long illness. She was at home, surrounded by her three daughters. Her charm, intelligence and wit enriched the lives of all who knew her. Born and raised in the Bronx, NY, she worked in the personnel department at the Revlon company's headquarters, and helped her brother Rico establish the New Dimension Theatre in Oradell, NJ. In the 1970's as a divorced mother of three, she entered Ramapo College, earned her bachelor's degree and then began her long, rewarding career in education. She taught drama, public speaking, English and literature at Emerson High School for 27 years, helping generations of students to find meaning in stories, to make sense of the world and to find their own voices. Beloved by her students, she was voted favorite teacher by more than a dozen senior classes. Over the years, she shared her love of travel and all things Italian with students she led on trips to Italy. She took joy in the rich process of education and was a lifelong learner herself. From the most recent archeological discovery to finding a new jazz standard; from cooking a favorite meal to alerting the family to a special moonrise, her curiosity and enthusiasm was a joy for all around her. She will be remembered for her laugh, her love of life and her fierce courage of the heart. Lillian was the youngest child of Filomena Volino Imundo and Rocco Imundo, and was predeceased by her siblings Ann, Louis, Rose and Rico. She is survived by her daughters Renata Simone of Marblehead, MA, Lauren de Simone and Stephanie Sanders of Ridgewood, NJ, and her granddaughters Lily and Roxanne Sanders. Private observances will be held. Condolences can be sent to lillydesimone@aol.com. In lieu of flowers, the family suggests a donation in memory of Lillian to the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation or the charity of your choice. 1/3 de SIMONE--Lillian Imundo. Beloved mother, teacher and friend, passed away peacefully on January 6, 2016, after a long illness. She was at home, surrounded by her three daughters. Her charm, intelligence and wit enriched the lives of all who knew her. Born and raised in the Bronx, NY, she worked in the personnel department at the Revlon company's headquarters, and helped her brother Rico establish the New Dimension Theatre in Oradell, NJ. In the 1970's as a divorced mother of three, she entered Ramapo College, earned her bachelor's degree and then began her long, rewarding career in education. She taught drama, public speaking, English and literature at Emerson High School for 27 years, helping generations of students to find meaning in stories, to make sense of the world and to find their own voices. Beloved by her students, she was voted favorite teacher by more than a dozen senior classes. Over the years, she shared her love of travel and all things Italian with students she led on trips to Italy. She took joy in the rich process of education and was a lifelong learner herself. From the most recent archeological discovery to finding a new jazz standard; from cooking a favorite meal to alerting the family to a special moonrise, her curiosity and enthusiasm was a joy for all around her. She will be remembered for her laugh, her love of life and her fierce courage of the heart. Lillian was the youngest child of Filomena Volino Imundo and Rocco Imundo, and was predeceased by her siblings Ann, Louis, Rose and Rico. She is survived by her daughters Renata Simone of Marblehead, MA, Lauren de Simone and Stephanie Sanders of Ridgewood, NJ, and her granddaughters Lily and Roxanne Sanders. Private observances will be held. Condolences can be sent to lillydesimone@aol.com. In lieu of flowers, the family suggests a donation in memory of Lillian to the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation or the charity of your choice. 1/3 

SCHOCH--Anton. April 11, 1920 - January 15, 2016. WWII Veteran. Ebullient grump. Beloved friend. karpfinger@aol.com 1/3 SCHOCH--Anton. April 11, 1920 - January 15, 2016. WWII Veteran. Ebullient grump. Beloved friend. karpfinger@aol.com 1/3 

MESSMORE--Mary Anne, of Baltimore, Maryland, died peacefully with her family by her side on January 11, 2016. Mary's life was most remarkable for the effect she had on the people around her. She brought light and laughter to every room she entered. A rock of comfort and support for anyone grieving or feeling lonely, Mary loved to laugh and make others laugh, play games, cook, and spend time with friends. She loved her dogs, the mountains, music, boating, reading, and traveling. But most of all, she loved her husband, John, her son, Ike, and her daughter, Lindsey. For those fortunate enough to have met her, Mary will be remembered as one of the warmest and most thoughtful people the world has known. Generous and welcoming, she opened her home to everyone-friends and strangers alike-who needed a home-cooked meal or a safe haven. She was fiercely loyal to and supportive of those close to her and kind to everyone she met. Mary's family takes comfort in the knowledge that her legacy lives on through the immeasurable impact she had on others. While the joy and laughter that her memories evoke pale in comparison to her radiant physical presence, they ensure that she will never be forgotten. It is Mary's family's hope that all who knew her will honor her memory by striving to treat others with the grace and kindness that she did. It was the size of Mary's heart that made the world a better place. A celebration of Mary's life will be held at 5pm on Saturday, January 23, at Baltimore Country Club at Five Farms, 11500 Mays Chapel Road, Lutherville, MD 21093. All friends are welcome. In lieu of flowers, please consider a donation in Mary's name to Dyslexia Tutoring Program (dyslexiatutoringprogram.org). As John Irving, one of Mary's favorite authors, once wrote: "It is hard work and great art to make life not so serious." In that respect, Mary was a tireless and masterful artist. 1/3 MESSMORE--Mary Anne, of Baltimore, Maryland, died peacefully with her family by her side on January 11, 2016. Mary's life was most remarkable for the effect she had on the people around her. She brought light and laughter to every room she entered. A rock of comfort and support for anyone grieving or feeling lonely, Mary loved to laugh and make others laugh, play games, cook, and spend time with friends. She loved her dogs, the mountains, music, boating, reading, and traveling. But most of all, she loved her husband, John, her son, Ike, and her daughter, Lindsey. For those fortunate enough to have met her, Mary will be remembered as one of the warmest and most thoughtful people the world has known. Generous and welcoming, she opened her home to everyone-friends and strangers alike-who needed a home-cooked meal or a safe haven. She was fiercely loyal to and supportive of those close to her and kind to everyone she met. Mary's family takes comfort in the knowledge that her legacy lives on through the immeasurable impact she had on others. While the joy and laughter that her memories evoke pale in comparison to her radiant physical presence, they ensure that she will never be forgotten. It is Mary's family's hope that all who knew her will honor her memory by striving to treat others with the grace and kindness that she did. It was the size of Mary's heart that made the world a better place. A celebration of Mary's life will be held at 5pm on Saturday, January 23, at Baltimore Country Club at Five Farms, 11500 Mays Chapel Road, Lutherville, MD 21093. All friends are welcome. In lieu of flowers, please consider a donation in Mary's name to Dyslexia Tutoring Program (dyslexiatutoringprogram.org). As John Irving, one of Mary's favorite authors, once wrote: "It is hard work and great art to make life not so serious." In that respect, Mary was a tireless and masterful artist. 1/3 

LIEBER--Constance E. March 2, 1924 - January 15, 2016. Constance Lieber transformed her family's experience with significant mental illness into a life suffused with meaning, purpose, and extraordinary effectiveness. Few people could imagine the breadth and depth of her interests, ranging from the most creative modern art to inspiring architecture, exhilarating music, and insightful studies of neuroscience and human behavior. Guided by her compassion, dedication, and curiosity - as well as her personal relationships with scores of leading psychiatrists and neuroscientists - Constance informally advised thousands of parents who were desperately seeking better treatments and cures for their mentally ill children. During their sixty-five year marriage, Constance and her husband Stephen A. Lieber shared enduring love and intense intellectual insights to transform the field of basic and clinical research into the origins of schizophrenia and other mental illnesses. Since 1980, Constance and Steve have been among the leading public advocates and philanthropic supporters of schizophrenia and depression research in the US and around the globe. Their efforts included the creation of significant clinical and scientific institutions to support emerging discoveries in the fields of biological psychiatry and patient services. For over twenty-five years, they gave exemplary leadership to the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation (formerly NARSAD), the world's largest private funder of mental health research. Constance served as President from 1989 to 2007. In 2014, their activities were honored by the American Psychiatric Association with a Special Presidential Commendation, stating "Constance and Steve have provided unwavering moral and material support to unravel the mysteries of the brain, and to better understand and treat mental illness." In 1987, the Liebers established an annual award for outstanding achievements in schizophrenia research. To date, two Lieber Prize winners have gone on to win Nobel Prizes. At Columbia University, they founded two centers of excellence - the Lieber Recovery and Rehabilitation Clinic for Psychotic Disorders and the Lieber Schizophrenic Clinic. At Williams College, they were the founders of the undergraduate neuroscience program. In 2011, they created the Lieber Institute for Brain Development, affiliated with the Johns Hopkins University, to integrate new discoveries in developmental neurobiology and genetics in order to achieve clinical advances that can change lives. Constance was a graduate of Brooklyn College and attended Columbia University for her post-graduate studies. She received honorary doctorates from Williams College and Brooklyn College. She received over two dozen awards to recognize her outstanding leadership, including: the Brooke Astor Award for Outstanding Contribution to the Advancement of Science, the Women in Science Award from The Rockefeller University, the Distinguished Service Award from the Yale University's Department of Psychiatry, and the Humanitarian Award from the Society of Biological Psychiatry. Survivors include her beloved husband Stephen, her children Janice and Sam (Mary Rubin), her devoted grandson, her sister Beverly, and several nieces and nephews. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made in her honor to the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation, 90 Park Avenue, 16th Floor, New York, New York 10016. A service will be held at Larchmont Temple, 75 Larchmont Avenue, on Tuesday, January 19th at 11:30am. Burial will be private. The family will receive visitors at the family home in Mamaroneck on Wednesday and Thursday from seven to nine o'clock in the evening. At a future time, a memorial service to celebrate Connie's extraordinary life will be held in Manhattan. Please contact the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation for details. 1/3 LIEBER--Constance E. March 2, 1924 - January 15, 2016. Constance Lieber transformed her family's experience with significant mental illness into a life suffused with meaning, purpose, and extraordinary effectiveness. Few people could imagine the breadth and depth of her interests, ranging from the most creative modern art to inspiring architecture, exhilarating music, and insightful studies of neuroscience and human behavior. Guided by her compassion, dedication, and curiosity - as well as her personal relationships with scores of leading psychiatrists and neuroscientists - Constance informally advised thousands of parents who were desperately seeking better treatments and cures for their mentally ill children. During their sixty-five year marriage, Constance and her husband Stephen A. Lieber shared enduring love and intense intellectual insights to transform the field of basic and clinical research into the origins of schizophrenia and other mental illnesses. Since 1980, Constance and Steve have been among the leading public advocates and philanthropic supporters of schizophrenia and depression research in the US and around the globe. Their efforts included the creation of significant clinical and scientific institutions to support emerging discoveries in the fields of biological psychiatry and patient services. For over twenty-five years, they gave exemplary leadership to the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation (formerly NARSAD), the world's largest private funder of mental health research. Constance served as President from 1989 to 2007. In 2014, their activities were honored by the American Psychiatric Association with a Special Presidential Commendation, stating "Constance and Steve have provided unwavering moral and material support to unravel the mysteries of the brain, and to better understand and treat mental illness." In 1987, the Liebers established an annual award for outstanding achievements in schizophrenia research. To date, two Lieber Prize winners have gone on to win Nobel Prizes. At Columbia University, they founded two centers of excellence - the Lieber Recovery and Rehabilitation Clinic for Psychotic Disorders and the Lieber Schizophrenic Clinic. At Williams College, they were the founders of the undergraduate neuroscience program. In 2011, they created the Lieber Institute for Brain Development, affiliated with the Johns Hopkins University, to integrate new discoveries in developmental neurobiology and genetics in order to achieve clinical advances that can change lives. Constance was a graduate of Brooklyn College and attended Columbia University for her post-graduate studies. She received honorary doctorates from Williams College and Brooklyn College. She received over two dozen awards to recognize her outstanding leadership, including: the Brooke Astor Award for Outstanding Contribution to the Advancement of Science, the Women in Science Award from The Rockefeller University, the Distinguished Service Award from the Yale University's Department of Psychiatry, and the Humanitarian Award from the Society of Biological Psychiatry. Survivors include her beloved husband Stephen, her children Janice and Sam (Mary Rubin), her devoted grandson, her sister Beverly, and several nieces and nephews. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made in her honor to the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation, 90 Park Avenue, 16th Floor, New York, New York 10016. A service will be held at Larchmont Temple, 75 Larchmont Avenue, on Tuesday, January 19th at 11:30am. Burial will be private. The family will receive visitors at the family home in Mamaroneck on Wednesday and Thursday from seven to nine o'clock in the evening. At a future time, a memorial service to celebrate Connie's extraordinary life will be held in Manhattan. Please contact the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation for details. 1/3 

BUTTERFIELD--Mary Duryea "Missy" died peacefully on January 9th. Loving mother to John Peck (Men) and Nina Noel (Charlie). Devoted stepmother to three and grandmother to four boys. Her sparkle and laughter will be missed by all. 1 BUTTERFIELD--Mary Duryea "Missy" died peacefully on January 9th. Loving mother to John Peck (Men) and Nina Noel (Charlie). Devoted stepmother to three and grandmother to four boys. Her sparkle and laughter will be missed by all. 1 

SCAGLIONE--Carolyn R. Denning, M.D. The Board of Directors of CF Care expresses its heartfelt sympathy to Dr. Peter Scaglione and Family. We lost our inspirational leader and ardent supporter, but her life's work will go on as we continue to secure her vision and model of CF care. Dr. Gwen Engelhard President John Z. Jacoby President Emeritus & The Board of CF Care 1/3 SCAGLIONE--Carolyn R. Denning, M.D. The Board of Directors of CF Care expresses its heartfelt sympathy to Dr. Peter Scaglione and Family. We lost our inspirational leader and ardent supporter, but her life's work will go on as we continue to secure her vision and model of CF care. Dr. Gwen Engelhard President John Z. Jacoby President Emeritus & The Board of CF Care 1/3 

PIERCE--Derek Bryan, May 29, 1952 - January 5, 2016., born in Liverpool England, died peacefully on January 5, age 63. Survived by his daughter Ashley, her husband David and much loved grandson Mason; together with his partner, Katrina. In the United Kingdom, he leaves a brother Alan and sister-in-law Audrey; together with a niece Emma, nephew Anthony and their families. A Memorial Service for Derek will be held on January 22 at 11am at the Marble Collegiate Church, 5th Avenue at 29th Street. A reception will follow. The family asks donations be made to Hospice by the Sea Foundation in Florida or St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. 1/3 PIERCE--Derek Bryan, May 29, 1952 - January 5, 2016., born in Liverpool England, died peacefully on January 5, age 63. Survived by his daughter Ashley, her husband David and much loved grandson Mason; together with his partner, Katrina. In the United Kingdom, he leaves a brother Alan and sister-in-law Audrey; together with a niece Emma, nephew Anthony and their families. A Memorial Service for Derek will be held on January 22 at 11am at the Marble Collegiate Church, 5th Avenue at 29th Street. A reception will follow. The family asks donations be made to Hospice by the Sea Foundation in Florida or St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. 1/3 

GLIZE-KANE--Avery, Of Cannes, France, died Friday, January 8, 2016. Avery was born on June 18, 1939 in Baltimore, Maryland. She moved to France after graduating from Trinity College to attend law school in Nice, and despite being a newcomer to the language, graduated at the top of her class. Avery (aka maitre Glize) served the Cote d'Azur for more than forty years as a bilingual French lawyer. She founded the Riviera Council of the U.S. Navy League and later served as Honorary Consulate of the United States in Nice. Avery counted hundreds of friends in the US Navy, from five star Admirals down to fledgling sailors, and too many friends on the Riviera to count. We will all miss her terribly. She is survived by her loving daughter, Dr. Ferney Santini and husband, Jean-Jacques Santini, two adored grandchildren, Jean-Yves and Lauren Santini and three brothers, James Gregory Kane, Michael Kane and Steven Renehan. Services will be held on January 19, 2016 at 11am, Holy Trinity Church, 2-4 Ave General Ferrie, Cannes, 06400, France. 1/3 GLIZE-KANE--Avery, Of Cannes, France, died Friday, January 8, 2016. Avery was born on June 18, 1939 in Baltimore, Maryland. She moved to France after graduating from Trinity College to attend law school in Nice, and despite being a newcomer to the language, graduated at the top of her class. Avery (aka maitre Glize) served the Cote d'Azur for more than forty years as a bilingual French lawyer. She founded the Riviera Council of the U.S. Navy League and later served as Honorary Consulate of the United States in Nice. Avery counted hundreds of friends in the US Navy, from five star Admirals down to fledgling sailors, and too many friends on the Riviera to count. We will all miss her terribly. She is survived by her loving daughter, Dr. Ferney Santini and husband, Jean-Jacques Santini, two adored grandchildren, Jean-Yves and Lauren Santini and three brothers, James Gregory Kane, Michael Kane and Steven Renehan. Services will be held on January 19, 2016 at 11am, Holy Trinity Church, 2-4 Ave General Ferrie, Cannes, 06400, France. 1/3 

SCAGLIONE--Carolyn R. Denning MD. A true visionary in the care of people with cystic fibrosis. We are so grateful for her unwavering support, and our team is proud to carry her legacy forward. Our heartfelt condolences to Dr. Peter Scaglione and family, including our colleague Ben. Maria Berdella, M.D. Patricia Walker, M.D. The Cystic Fibrosis Center, Mount Sinai Beth Israel 1/3 SCAGLIONE--Carolyn R. Denning MD. A true visionary in the care of people with cystic fibrosis. We are so grateful for her unwavering support, and our team is proud to carry her legacy forward. Our heartfelt condolences to Dr. Peter Scaglione and family, including our colleague Ben. Maria Berdella, M.D. Patricia Walker, M.D. The Cystic Fibrosis Center, Mount Sinai Beth Israel 1/3 

KIGGEN--Edith Adams, a prominent music producer, died at Mt. Sinai Hospital on October 28, 2015. She died of advanced multiple sclerosis. Her career included working with such artists as Cab Calloway, Whitney Houston, Stevie Wonder and James Taylor. Mrs. Kiggen produced many events at Carnegie Hall, and the record "Swing Reunion," nominated for a Grammy in 1985. She was born in Pasadena, CA on January 19, 1936 to celebrated airline executive Alvin Adams and daughter of New York Governor Nathan Miller, Elizabeth Miller Adams. Edith Kiggen's brother, Ambassador Alvin Adams, Jr., died just two weeks earlier, on October 10, 2015. She is survived by her daughter Elizabeth Kiggen of New York City, brother Nathan Adams of Enis, MO, sister Helen Vollmer of Moraga, CA. 1/3 KIGGEN--Edith Adams, a prominent music producer, died at Mt. Sinai Hospital on October 28, 2015. She died of advanced multiple sclerosis. Her career included working with such artists as Cab Calloway, Whitney Houston, Stevie Wonder and James Taylor. Mrs. Kiggen produced many events at Carnegie Hall, and the record "Swing Reunion," nominated for a Grammy in 1985. She was born in Pasadena, CA on January 19, 1936 to celebrated airline executive Alvin Adams and daughter of New York Governor Nathan Miller, Elizabeth Miller Adams. Edith Kiggen's brother, Ambassador Alvin Adams, Jr., died just two weeks earlier, on October 10, 2015. She is survived by her daughter Elizabeth Kiggen of New York City, brother Nathan Adams of Enis, MO, sister Helen Vollmer of Moraga, CA. 1/3 

PRESENT--Daniel. Congregation Emanu-El of the City of New York records with deep sorrow the death of our cherished member, Dr. Daniel H. Present. It is our hope and prayer that beautiful memories will linger as a legacy to his life. 1/3 PRESENT--Daniel. Congregation Emanu-El of the City of New York records with deep sorrow the death of our cherished member, Dr. Daniel H. Present. It is our hope and prayer that beautiful memories will linger as a legacy to his life. 1/3 

HODGMAN--Mary Morris, passed away on January 8, 2016, at her home in Southport, CT, at the age of 84. Mary is survived by her husband of 60 years, Thomas Fee Hodgman, and their three children: Thomas Fee, Jr. ("TJ"), Virginia Hodgman Davison, and William Morris Hodgman, as well her sister- in-law, Mary Louise Morris. Their four exceptional grandchildren are, Eliza Davison Leach, Trubee Hodgman Davison, Charlie Fee Hodgman and Katherine Rose Hodgman. A memorial service will be held at Southport Congregational Church, 524 Pequot Ave., Southport, CT, on January 23, 2016, at 11am. Further details can be found at www.spearmillerfuneral home.com 1/3 HODGMAN--Mary Morris, passed away on January 8, 2016, at her home in Southport, CT, at the age of 84. Mary is survived by her husband of 60 years, Thomas Fee Hodgman, and their three children: Thomas Fee, Jr. ("TJ"), Virginia Hodgman Davison, and William Morris Hodgman, as well her sister- in-law, Mary Louise Morris. Their four exceptional grandchildren are, Eliza Davison Leach, Trubee Hodgman Davison, Charlie Fee Hodgman and Katherine Rose Hodgman. A memorial service will be held at Southport Congregational Church, 524 Pequot Ave., Southport, CT, on January 23, 2016, at 11am. Further details can be found at www.spearmillerfuneral home.com 1/3 

ALLOCCA--Michael A. April 3, 1934-January 14, 2016. Beloved husband of Rose, father of John and Michael, and grandfather of Rose and Victor. Longtime account executive and vice president in title insurance; dedicated volunteer at St. Vincent's Hospital and other facilities. Visitation 2pm, Funeral Mass 3pm on Thursday, January 21, at St. Francis Xavier Church. 1/3 ALLOCCA--Michael A. April 3, 1934-January 14, 2016. Beloved husband of Rose, father of John and Michael, and grandfather of Rose and Victor. Longtime account executive and vice president in title insurance; dedicated volunteer at St. Vincent's Hospital and other facilities. Visitation 2pm, Funeral Mass 3pm on Thursday, January 21, at St. Francis Xavier Church. 1/3 

MARGULIES--David. Deeply engaged citizen of the world and theatre community, actor David Margulies was admired and loved. His huge appetite for life and work, his endless curiosity and genuine interest in people, current events, history, his love of music and spicy food were boundless. He leaves us with colorful and unforgettable memories of a vivid personality, great vitality, and sharp intellect capped by his beloved straw hats. We love you David. Jon, Sunya, Vicki, Zachary Margulies and Lois Smith. 1/3 MARGULIES--David. Deeply engaged citizen of the world and theatre community, actor David Margulies was admired and loved. His huge appetite for life and work, his endless curiosity and genuine interest in people, current events, history, his love of music and spicy food were boundless. He leaves us with colorful and unforgettable memories of a vivid personality, great vitality, and sharp intellect capped by his beloved straw hats. We love you David. Jon, Sunya, Vicki, Zachary Margulies and Lois Smith. 1/3 

SHULTIS--John "Jack" Clinton, 83, of Manahawkin, NJ passed away on Monday, December 14, 2015. Jack enjoyed long career in TV videotape editing with NBC, EUE Screen Gems, and Nexus. For more details, to view the complete obituary for Jack and to leave condolences for the family, please visit: www.shinnfuneralhome.com 1/3 SHULTIS--John "Jack" Clinton, 83, of Manahawkin, NJ passed away on Monday, December 14, 2015. Jack enjoyed long career in TV videotape editing with NBC, EUE Screen Gems, and Nexus. For more details, to view the complete obituary for Jack and to leave condolences for the family, please visit: www.shinnfuneralhome.com 1/3 

RIETMAN--Jaap. 73, SoHo Pioneer, Art bookstore owner, publisher died at home January 3, 2016. Born in Holland, Jaap served in the Royal Dutch Airforce before becoming a bookseller in Holland and Switzerland. In 1968 he came to the United States and worked for Wittenborn Inc., New York City. Jaap Rietman Inc., Art Books opened on Spring Street, NYC, in 1973 specializing in art and architecture books, monographs, catalogues and magazines with a twentieth century emphasis and reach back to the Renaissance. The store became a meeting place for artists, architects and filmmakers and was a downtown institution with its three locations until 1996. Jaap was admired for his intellect and generous spirit. Survived by a brother, Hans, his beloved wife, Susan, step- son James (Emma) and three adored grandchildren Claire, Jack, Collin. He will be profoundly missed. 1/3 RIETMAN--Jaap. 73, SoHo Pioneer, Art bookstore owner, publisher died at home January 3, 2016. Born in Holland, Jaap served in the Royal Dutch Airforce before becoming a bookseller in Holland and Switzerland. In 1968 he came to the United States and worked for Wittenborn Inc., New York City. Jaap Rietman Inc., Art Books opened on Spring Street, NYC, in 1973 specializing in art and architecture books, monographs, catalogues and magazines with a twentieth century emphasis and reach back to the Renaissance. The store became a meeting place for artists, architects and filmmakers and was a downtown institution with its three locations until 1996. Jaap was admired for his intellect and generous spirit. Survived by a brother, Hans, his beloved wife, Susan, step- son James (Emma) and three adored grandchildren Claire, Jack, Collin. He will be profoundly missed. 1/3 

WALLENBERG--Raoul. Disappeared in Soviet captivity January 17, 1945. Gone, but not forgotten. 1/3 WALLENBERG--Raoul. Disappeared in Soviet captivity January 17, 1945. Gone, but not forgotten. 1/3 

KLEIMAN--Elaine (Appel). Loving mother of Ellen (Paul) Richman and Rita (Lawrence) Zeff, grandmother of six and their spouses and great-grandmother of ten. She was predeceased by her devoted husband Jack. She passed away peacefully on January 9, 2016 in her 99th year. She will be greatly missed by all. 1/3 KLEIMAN--Elaine (Appel). Loving mother of Ellen (Paul) Richman and Rita (Lawrence) Zeff, grandmother of six and their spouses and great-grandmother of ten. She was predeceased by her devoted husband Jack. She passed away peacefully on January 9, 2016 in her 99th year. She will be greatly missed by all. 1/3 

EVANS--Jack, of Great Neck, NY, died on January 14, 2016. He is survived by his loving wife, Joan, his cherished son, Jonathan, his devoted sister- in-law and husband, Barbara and Robert Schneiderman. Jack had an interesting and successful career as an Actor, a College Professor of English, and an Attorney in his 83 years of life. He was a Veteran of the Korean War. Jack was known for his generosity and his good humor. He was a loyal friend and a true Renaissance Man whose interests ranged from Judo, piloting, golfing, spectator sports, theater, opera, music, interest in old films, collector of books and nostalgia. He will be greatly missed by his family and long-time friends and will be with us forever in our hearts. Services to be held at Riverside Chapel, 55 No. Station Plaza, Great Neck, NY on Monday, January 18, 2016 at 10:30am. 1/3 EVANS--Jack, of Great Neck, NY, died on January 14, 2016. He is survived by his loving wife, Joan, his cherished son, Jonathan, his devoted sister- in-law and husband, Barbara and Robert Schneiderman. Jack had an interesting and successful career as an Actor, a College Professor of English, and an Attorney in his 83 years of life. He was a Veteran of the Korean War. Jack was known for his generosity and his good humor. He was a loyal friend and a true Renaissance Man whose interests ranged from Judo, piloting, golfing, spectator sports, theater, opera, music, interest in old films, collector of books and nostalgia. He will be greatly missed by his family and long-time friends and will be with us forever in our hearts. Services to be held at Riverside Chapel, 55 No. Station Plaza, Great Neck, NY on Monday, January 18, 2016 at 10:30am. 1/3 

GODFRIED--Rita, 1/18/1997 Abe, 1/20/2013 Remembered with love by your family. 1/3 GODFRIED--Rita, 1/18/1997 Abe, 1/20/2013 Remembered with love by your family. 1/3 

ESTES-MILANO--Kathleen Wife, mother, teacher and all around amazing person, Kathleen passed away peacefully on January 14th in her home, surrounded by her husband John, daughters Mattie and Hallie, and Ben the Cat. 1/3 ESTES-MILANO--Kathleen Wife, mother, teacher and all around amazing person, Kathleen passed away peacefully on January 14th in her home, surrounded by her husband John, daughters Mattie and Hallie, and Ben the Cat. 1/3 

GREENBAUM--Theodora Simon, of New York and East Hampton, died peacefully at home, December 22nd, age 88. Born in Manhattan on April 15, 1927, the daughter of Jacob M. and Mildred L. Simon, Teddy was the devoted wife for 62 years of her beloved late husband Robert. She is survived by their three children, Roger, William and Margot; five grandchildren, Olivia, Aliza, Ariela, Emma and Iris; and one great- grandchild, Lucie. She was a graduate of The Dalton School and, in 1947, of Vassar College, where she was editor-in-chief of the Vassar Miscellany News and a lifelong active alumna. Teddy's leadership in raising funds for a Class of 1947 entrance hallway to Vassar's Main Library is a testament to her dedication to Vassar and her ability to motivate classmates to make a significant gift to their alma mater. She was a member of the latter-1940s news staff of Time, Inc. Ardent in her appreciation of fine arts, Teddy pursued graduate studies in art history at NYU and photography at International Center of Photography during the 1970s. She became an art dealer and appraiser, working with individual and corporate clients in New York, New Jersey and Eastern Long Island. She was a member of the Cosmopolitan Club of Manhattan and an avid supporter of major arts institutions in the New York metropolitan area and the Hamptons. With her searching intelligence, wit and insight, she was an indispensable partner in the success her husband Robert enjoyed in his professional life, an inspiration to her children and grandchildren to aspire to excellence in all they do, and a beacon of grace and light in friendships that lasted decades. Her ashes will be buried at sea. Contributions in her memory may be made to Vassar College, or to Guild Hall of East Hampton, NY. 1/3 GREENBAUM--Theodora Simon, of New York and East Hampton, died peacefully at home, December 22nd, age 88. Born in Manhattan on April 15, 1927, the daughter of Jacob M. and Mildred L. Simon, Teddy was the devoted wife for 62 years of her beloved late husband Robert. She is survived by their three children, Roger, William and Margot; five grandchildren, Olivia, Aliza, Ariela, Emma and Iris; and one great- grandchild, Lucie. She was a graduate of The Dalton School and, in 1947, of Vassar College, where she was editor-in-chief of the Vassar Miscellany News and a lifelong active alumna. Teddy's leadership in raising funds for a Class of 1947 entrance hallway to Vassar's Main Library is a testament to her dedication to Vassar and her ability to motivate classmates to make a significant gift to their alma mater. She was a member of the latter-1940s news staff of Time, Inc. Ardent in her appreciation of fine arts, Teddy pursued graduate studies in art history at NYU and photography at International Center of Photography during the 1970s. She became an art dealer and appraiser, working with individual and corporate clients in New York, New Jersey and Eastern Long Island. She was a member of the Cosmopolitan Club of Manhattan and an avid supporter of major arts institutions in the New York metropolitan area and the Hamptons. With her searching intelligence, wit and insight, she was an indispensable partner in the success her husband Robert enjoyed in his professional life, an inspiration to her children and grandchildren to aspire to excellence in all they do, and a beacon of grace and light in friendships that lasted decades. Her ashes will be buried at sea. Contributions in her memory may be made to Vassar College, or to Guild Hall of East Hampton, NY. 1/3 

CARPENTER--David Chandler, 74, died January 9, 2016 surrounded by his loving family. He leaves his wife of 24 years, Elizabeth, son Stefan, daughter Leslie Kolczak (Franck), stepson Adam Gould (Natalie), and adored grandchildren, Luc and Sasha. David graduated from Middlebury College and Rutgers University, and was very happily retired after a successful career in international and private banking. He enjoyed life to the fullest until the very end. David's passions included family, friends, world travel, gourmet cooking and good wine. 1/3 CARPENTER--David Chandler, 74, died January 9, 2016 surrounded by his loving family. He leaves his wife of 24 years, Elizabeth, son Stefan, daughter Leslie Kolczak (Franck), stepson Adam Gould (Natalie), and adored grandchildren, Luc and Sasha. David graduated from Middlebury College and Rutgers University, and was very happily retired after a successful career in international and private banking. He enjoyed life to the fullest until the very end. David's passions included family, friends, world travel, gourmet cooking and good wine. 1/3 

SIEGLER--Lillian R (nee Menkes), on January 15, 2016, in her 93rd year. Preceded in death by her loving husband Morton and brother Irwin; Loving mother of Claudia (Joel Auerbach) and William (Maryellen); Beloved Gram to "her girls" Marisa and Steffi (Connie) Auerbach, Willam, Annabelle and Elijah Siegler. Graveside Service Sunday, January 17th at 12:30pm; Mount Moriah Cemetery, Fairview, NJ. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to PBS. 1/3 SIEGLER--Lillian R (nee Menkes), on January 15, 2016, in her 93rd year. Preceded in death by her loving husband Morton and brother Irwin; Loving mother of Claudia (Joel Auerbach) and William (Maryellen); Beloved Gram to "her girls" Marisa and Steffi (Connie) Auerbach, Willam, Annabelle and Elijah Siegler. Graveside Service Sunday, January 17th at 12:30pm; Mount Moriah Cemetery, Fairview, NJ. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to PBS. 1/3 

HORNER--Larry Dean. Passed away at his home in San Jose del Cabo, Mexico on December 29, 2015. He was 81. The cause was heart failure. Mr. Horner was born on April 8, 1934 in Marquette, KS to Harriet and Marion Horner. He attended the University of Kansas on baseball and football scholarships where he graduated in 1956 with a B.S. in business. He was a member of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity. He is also a graduate of the Stanford University Executive Program. During his 35 years with KPMG (Peat Marwick Mitchell & Co.), Mr. Horner rose from entry-level accountant to Chairman and CEO. He was among the first in the accounting profession to foresee the globalization of markets and the need for worldwide accounting standards, and he engineered the firm's merger with Klynveld Main Goerdeler in 1987, forming KPMG and serving as the combined company's Chairman and CEO as well as Chairman and CEO of KPMG International. Subsequent to his retirement from KPMG in 1991, Mr. Horner served as Chairman and CEO of several private and public companies involved in international finance, real estate and manufacturing. His extensive service on corporate boards included those of American General Corp., ConocoPhillips, Clinical Data, UTStarcom, Inc., Technical Olympic USA, New River Pharmaceuticals, Atlantis Plastics, Inc. and Intrexon. Mr. Horner was a great believer in civic responsibility. His charitable and civic boards included the New York Partnership, New York Chamber of Commerce and Industry, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Lincoln Center Institute, the Metropolitan Museum of Art Business Committee, United Way of America, United Way International, Business Higher Education Forum, The Conference Board, American Enterprise Institute, Stanford University Graduate School of Business Advisory Council and Claremont McKenna College. Mr. Horner was committed to providing international educational opportunities for college students. He and his wife Donna established scholarships for study abroad at the University of Kansas, Claremont McKenna College and Westmont College. Mr. Horner is survived by his wife Donna Dillon Manning Horner. He is also survived by his five children: Basil (Jennifer) Horner of Tucson, Arizona; Brian (Ann) Horner of Rancho Palos Verdes, California; Adeline (Olaf) Neubert of Sagaponack, New York; Hal Horner of Tucson, Arizona; and Adele (Jim) Jacques of Portland, Maine. He had eleven grandchildren who brought him great joy. A celebration of his life will be held at a future date in San Jose del Cabo, Mexico, where he and his wife have had a home since 1999 and in New York City. 1/3 HORNER--Larry Dean. Passed away at his home in San Jose del Cabo, Mexico on December 29, 2015. He was 81. The cause was heart failure. Mr. Horner was born on April 8, 1934 in Marquette, KS to Harriet and Marion Horner. He attended the University of Kansas on baseball and football scholarships where he graduated in 1956 with a B.S. in business. He was a member of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity. He is also a graduate of the Stanford University Executive Program. During his 35 years with KPMG (Peat Marwick Mitchell & Co.), Mr. Horner rose from entry-level accountant to Chairman and CEO. He was among the first in the accounting profession to foresee the globalization of markets and the need for worldwide accounting standards, and he engineered the firm's merger with Klynveld Main Goerdeler in 1987, forming KPMG and serving as the combined company's Chairman and CEO as well as Chairman and CEO of KPMG International. Subsequent to his retirement from KPMG in 1991, Mr. Horner served as Chairman and CEO of several private and public companies involved in international finance, real estate and manufacturing. His extensive service on corporate boards included those of American General Corp., ConocoPhillips, Clinical Data, UTStarcom, Inc., Technical Olympic USA, New River Pharmaceuticals, Atlantis Plastics, Inc. and Intrexon. Mr. Horner was a great believer in civic responsibility. His charitable and civic boards included the New York Partnership, New York Chamber of Commerce and Industry, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Lincoln Center Institute, the Metropolitan Museum of Art Business Committee, United Way of America, United Way International, Business Higher Education Forum, The Conference Board, American Enterprise Institute, Stanford University Graduate School of Business Advisory Council and Claremont McKenna College. Mr. Horner was committed to providing international educational opportunities for college students. He and his wife Donna established scholarships for study abroad at the University of Kansas, Claremont McKenna College and Westmont College. Mr. Horner is survived by his wife Donna Dillon Manning Horner. He is also survived by his five children: Basil (Jennifer) Horner of Tucson, Arizona; Brian (Ann) Horner of Rancho Palos Verdes, California; Adeline (Olaf) Neubert of Sagaponack, New York; Hal Horner of Tucson, Arizona; and Adele (Jim) Jacques of Portland, Maine. He had eleven grandchildren who brought him great joy. A celebration of his life will be held at a future date in San Jose del Cabo, Mexico, where he and his wife have had a home since 1999 and in New York City. 1/3 

KIMMELMAN--Miriam E.,of Battery Park City, New York, widow of Richard Washburn, born September 16, 1948, died after a short illness on January 7, 2016. She is survived by her cousins: Ruth Golan, Yehuda Yuval, Meira Yablunka and Ora Zamir, all residing in Israel with their 11 children. Miriam was a founding member of the Dystonia Medical Research Foundation (DMRF) New York City Chapter, devoted to research, education and support for those affected by dystonia. Miriam met neurosurgical pioneer Irving S. Cooper MD, in November 1961 and underwent three brain surgeries between the ages 13 and 21 to alleviate her dystonic symptoms. She was a strong advocate for dystonia research, providing financial support for DMRF and donating her brain to advance understanding of this rare disorder. Mriam worked for over 40 years for New York State as a Vocational Rehabilitation Counselor, helping people with disabilities to reach their potential. Miriam and her husband were instrumental in the creation of the Liberty Community Gardens in 1987. After 9/11 she and others fought to have the gardens saved and replaced to their current location. Plans for a memorial service TBA. Donations in her memory should be made to the Dystonia Medical Research Foundation, 1 E Wacker Dr, Ste. 2810, Chicago, Illinois 60601. 1/3 KIMMELMAN--Miriam E.,of Battery Park City, New York, widow of Richard Washburn, born September 16, 1948, died after a short illness on January 7, 2016. She is survived by her cousins: Ruth Golan, Yehuda Yuval, Meira Yablunka and Ora Zamir, all residing in Israel with their 11 children. Miriam was a founding member of the Dystonia Medical Research Foundation (DMRF) New York City Chapter, devoted to research, education and support for those affected by dystonia. Miriam met neurosurgical pioneer Irving S. Cooper MD, in November 1961 and underwent three brain surgeries between the ages 13 and 21 to alleviate her dystonic symptoms. She was a strong advocate for dystonia research, providing financial support for DMRF and donating her brain to advance understanding of this rare disorder. Mriam worked for over 40 years for New York State as a Vocational Rehabilitation Counselor, helping people with disabilities to reach their potential. Miriam and her husband were instrumental in the creation of the Liberty Community Gardens in 1987. After 9/11 she and others fought to have the gardens saved and replaced to their current location. Plans for a memorial service TBA. Donations in her memory should be made to the Dystonia Medical Research Foundation, 1 E Wacker Dr, Ste. 2810, Chicago, Illinois 60601. 1/3 

PRESENT--Daniel H.,M.D. The Association of the Attending Staff of the Mount Sinai Hospital mourns the passing of a beloved colleague, mentor, and friend. Clinical Professor of Medicine, Dr. Present combined an active clinical practice with prolific ground-breaking research in Gastroenterology. In the tradition of Drs. Crohn, Ginsberg, and Oppenheimer, he continued Mount Sinai's pioneering work in the study of inflammatory bowel diseases. Through his investigations, an important class of medications was added in treating Colitis and Crohn's Disease. He was awarded the prestigious Jacobi Medallion in 1991 and was a great supporter of the institution. A long term AAS board member, he served as President of the physicians' organization from 1979-1980. Dr. Present will be remembered for his outstanding contributions to the School and Hospital, and his commitment to excellence. His legacy will continue in the generations of students he taught and the many lives he touched. We extend condolences to his wife Jane and his entire family. Eric Neibart, M.D., President Mark Reiner, M.D., Vice President Amy Weinstein, Administrator 1/3 PRESENT--Daniel H.,M.D. The Association of the Attending Staff of the Mount Sinai Hospital mourns the passing of a beloved colleague, mentor, and friend. Clinical Professor of Medicine, Dr. Present combined an active clinical practice with prolific ground-breaking research in Gastroenterology. In the tradition of Drs. Crohn, Ginsberg, and Oppenheimer, he continued Mount Sinai's pioneering work in the study of inflammatory bowel diseases. Through his investigations, an important class of medications was added in treating Colitis and Crohn's Disease. He was awarded the prestigious Jacobi Medallion in 1991 and was a great supporter of the institution. A long term AAS board member, he served as President of the physicians' organization from 1979-1980. Dr. Present will be remembered for his outstanding contributions to the School and Hospital, and his commitment to excellence. His legacy will continue in the generations of students he taught and the many lives he touched. We extend condolences to his wife Jane and his entire family. Eric Neibart, M.D., President Mark Reiner, M.D., Vice President Amy Weinstein, Administrator 1/3 

ELKIN--Peter M, died in NYC on January 12, 2016. Always in our hearts, Kate, Noah, Sam, Joanne 1/3 ELKIN--Peter M, died in NYC on January 12, 2016. Always in our hearts, Kate, Noah, Sam, Joanne 1/3 

COCHRANE--Lydia Goodwin (Steinway). Youngest child of Ruth and Theodore Steinway, and the last of her generation. Survived by sons John and Nicholas, their wives Elizabeth Fama and Ginger Gregory, and six grandchildren. While she spent most of her adult life in Chicago and Italy, part of her remained a New Yorker. Her East Coast nephews, nieces, great-nephews and great-nieces are saddened by her death and send condolences to John, Nick and the rest of the Cochrane clan. 1/3 COCHRANE--Lydia Goodwin (Steinway). Youngest child of Ruth and Theodore Steinway, and the last of her generation. Survived by sons John and Nicholas, their wives Elizabeth Fama and Ginger Gregory, and six grandchildren. While she spent most of her adult life in Chicago and Italy, part of her remained a New Yorker. Her East Coast nephews, nieces, great-nephews and great-nieces are saddened by her death and send condolences to John, Nick and the rest of the Cochrane clan. 1/3 

ZUCKERMAN--George R.,of Westwood, MA, formerly of Brightwaters, NY, died on January 10, 2015, after a brief illness. He is survived by his devoted wife Marjorie (nee Wohl) and his beloved children, daughter Marcia Zuckerman, son Steven Zuckerman, and daughter-in-law Debra Meyerson. He also leaves adored grandchildren Daniel, Adam, and Sarah. Contributions in his memory may be made to Compassion and Choices, Southern Poverty Law Center, or a charity of your choice. 1/3 ZUCKERMAN--George R.,of Westwood, MA, formerly of Brightwaters, NY, died on January 10, 2015, after a brief illness. He is survived by his devoted wife Marjorie (nee Wohl) and his beloved children, daughter Marcia Zuckerman, son Steven Zuckerman, and daughter-in-law Debra Meyerson. He also leaves adored grandchildren Daniel, Adam, and Sarah. Contributions in his memory may be made to Compassion and Choices, Southern Poverty Law Center, or a charity of your choice. 1/3 

HERRON--Caroline Rand, July 3, 1941-January 5, 2016. Incomparable editor, culture connoisseur, animal lover, generous citizen, and my irreplaceable friend. Linda Greenhouse 1/3 HERRON--Caroline Rand, July 3, 1941-January 5, 2016. Incomparable editor, culture connoisseur, animal lover, generous citizen, and my irreplaceable friend. Linda Greenhouse 1/3 

WHITMAN--Helen. Mother, sister, friend. August 11, 1927 - January 15, 2016. The life of the party is gone, and we must move on. Rest in peace my dearest. Your loving sister, Gloria 1/3 WHITMAN--Helen. Mother, sister, friend. August 11, 1927 - January 15, 2016. The life of the party is gone, and we must move on. Rest in peace my dearest. Your loving sister, Gloria 1/3 

COHEN--Eileen S. Happy birthday Grandma. With love, Jacob, Eli, James, and Leo 1/3 COHEN--Eileen S. Happy birthday Grandma. With love, Jacob, Eli, James, and Leo 1/3 

SINGH--Jyoti Shankar. Noted Internationalist and Author, Dies at 80. A former Deputy Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) Executive Coordinator of the 1984 International Conference on Population in Cairo, and Executive coordinator of the 2001 World Conference Against Racism in Durban, South Africa, as well as a Permanent Observer to the United Nations for Partners on Population and Development, Mr. Singh died Tuesday January 11th. A renowned expert on population issues whose career spanned more than five decades, Mr. Singh authored eight books. A consummate professional, he was a masterful planner of large scale international conferences, always distinguished by his attention to detail. Jyoti Shankar Singh was born on April 15, 1935 in Pathalgaon, India to Brijnath Kumar and Tirthmani Singh and obtained several degrees from Banaras University, India, an MA from New York University in 1979, and a Doctor (honoris causa) Degree from the International Institute Integration, Bolivia, 1980. In the early part of his career he was a Secretary General of the World Assembly of Youth, Brussels, 1966-1972 before his extensive career at the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA). He is survived by his wife and partner of 54 years, Mariluz Singh Molares; children Anil Singh- Molares of Seattle, WA; Rajeev Singh-Molares; and Ajit Singh-Molares of London, UK; and eight grandchildren whom he loved dearly. 1/3 SINGH--Jyoti Shankar. Noted Internationalist and Author, Dies at 80. A former Deputy Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) Executive Coordinator of the 1984 International Conference on Population in Cairo, and Executive coordinator of the 2001 World Conference Against Racism in Durban, South Africa, as well as a Permanent Observer to the United Nations for Partners on Population and Development, Mr. Singh died Tuesday January 11th. A renowned expert on population issues whose career spanned more than five decades, Mr. Singh authored eight books. A consummate professional, he was a masterful planner of large scale international conferences, always distinguished by his attention to detail. Jyoti Shankar Singh was born on April 15, 1935 in Pathalgaon, India to Brijnath Kumar and Tirthmani Singh and obtained several degrees from Banaras University, India, an MA from New York University in 1979, and a Doctor (honoris causa) Degree from the International Institute Integration, Bolivia, 1980. In the early part of his career he was a Secretary General of the World Assembly of Youth, Brussels, 1966-1972 before his extensive career at the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA). He is survived by his wife and partner of 54 years, Mariluz Singh Molares; children Anil Singh- Molares of Seattle, WA; Rajeev Singh-Molares; and Ajit Singh-Molares of London, UK; and eight grandchildren whom he loved dearly. 1/3 

COCHRANE--Lydia Goodwin (Steinway). 87, died in Chicago on January 5 of cardiac arrest, surrounded by family. Lydia was born in New York to Theo-dore and Ruth Steinway (Davis), the youngest of six children. After attending Dalton, Putney, Smith, and the University of Chicago, she taught French for many years at the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools, introducing Montessori-style methods into the curriculum. Later, she translated scholarly books and articles from French and Italian with the remarkable precision and passion that she brought to every endeavor. She was married to Eric W. Cochrane, noted professor of Italian history at the University of Chicago (died 1985). They lived in Chicago and Florence, Italy. An active member of the Fortnightly of Chicago, Tuesday Ladies, and two book groups, she swam in the early morning with friends and attended season subscriptions to almost everything Chicago has to offer. She is survived by her sons John and Nicholas, their wives Elizabeth Fama and Ginger Gregory, grandchildren Sally, Eric, Caleb, Jean, Lydia, and Sam, all of whom knew her as a deep friend, and a large Steinway/Davis/Cochrane clan. She was intelligent, inquisitive, open-minded, decisive, self-reliant, elegant, and infinitely complex. A memorial service will take place in Chicago in the early spring. 1/3 COCHRANE--Lydia Goodwin (Steinway). 87, died in Chicago on January 5 of cardiac arrest, surrounded by family. Lydia was born in New York to Theo-dore and Ruth Steinway (Davis), the youngest of six children. After attending Dalton, Putney, Smith, and the University of Chicago, she taught French for many years at the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools, introducing Montessori-style methods into the curriculum. Later, she translated scholarly books and articles from French and Italian with the remarkable precision and passion that she brought to every endeavor. She was married to Eric W. Cochrane, noted professor of Italian history at the University of Chicago (died 1985). They lived in Chicago and Florence, Italy. An active member of the Fortnightly of Chicago, Tuesday Ladies, and two book groups, she swam in the early morning with friends and attended season subscriptions to almost everything Chicago has to offer. She is survived by her sons John and Nicholas, their wives Elizabeth Fama and Ginger Gregory, grandchildren Sally, Eric, Caleb, Jean, Lydia, and Sam, all of whom knew her as a deep friend, and a large Steinway/Davis/Cochrane clan. She was intelligent, inquisitive, open-minded, decisive, self-reliant, elegant, and infinitely complex. A memorial service will take place in Chicago in the early spring. 1/3 

KELLMAN--Lillian Strauss, librarian and storyteller, died at age 89 this week in her home on Martha's Vineyard. She died peacefully surrounded by her loved ones after battling cancer. She celebrated her 70th wedding anniversary with her loving husband Ray and family in July 2015. 1/3 KELLMAN--Lillian Strauss, librarian and storyteller, died at age 89 this week in her home on Martha's Vineyard. She died peacefully surrounded by her loved ones after battling cancer. She celebrated her 70th wedding anniversary with her loving husband Ray and family in July 2015. 1/3 

LANGFELDER--Vilmos. Disappeared in Soviet captivity January 17, 1945. Gone, but not forgotten. 1/3 LANGFELDER--Vilmos. Disappeared in Soviet captivity January 17, 1945. Gone, but not forgotten. 1/3 

PRESENT-- Dr. Daniel H. A brilliant, creative, and abundantly loved giant has left us. Dr. Daniel H. Present, born April 3, 1934, passed away on January 12th from complication of Parkinson's Disease. He was 81 years old. His passing will be deeply mourned by Jane Werner Present, his wife, partner, lover and best friend of more than 59 years, his three children, their spouses, and four grandchildren, Tracy Present, Stephanie, Michael, Billy and Katherine Podalak, Douglas, Susan, Adam and Margot Present, and his sister Judy Present Liss; his friends, associates and the thousands of lives he touched during his 50 years of practice. Dan graduated from Syracuse University Magna Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa in 1955 and State University of New York Downstate College of Medicine, Magna Cum Laude, in 1959. He completed an internship, medical residency, Gastroenterology residency and GI Fellowship at Mt. Sinai Hospital, and entered private practice in 1964, where he quickly began to focus his attention on the management of Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. He was the recipient of the first research award given by the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America. Dan brought clinical trials into clinical practice. His first paper was accepted for publication in 1966. He subsequently published 329 papers. At the time of his retirement, his publications had been cited more than 15,000 times. During his 54 years at Mt. Sinai, he served as President of both the Association of the Attending Staff and the Alumni Association for which he received the coveted Jacobi Medallion for Conspicuous Service to the Alumni. Dan received every award in his field including the Samuel Bronfman Department of Medicine Distinguished Service Award, The American Gastroenterology Association Distinguished Clinician Award, Master of the American College of Gastroenterology, The WiIIiam Dock, M.D. Master Teacher Award in Medicine State University of New York, the Janssen Award for Outstanding Achievement Award in Clinical Gastroenterology, the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America Lifetime Achievement Award and the George Arents Award for Excellence in Medicine, the highest achievement awarded by Syracuse University. He is generally recognized as having pioneered the way Crohn's disease is treated. More than any recognition, Dan loved taking care of his patients. He loved them and they returned that love many times over. His joy came from sparing his patients the pain, discomfort, and humiliation of inflammatory bowel disease by finding the right combination of medications and thoughtful creativity. He fought against surgery if there was a possible medical solution. He talked with his patients for many more hours than any HMO wouId have allowed. He sat at their bedside and visited them late at night, he celebrated when they felt better. Nothing made him happier than a college student being able to return to school, or a young adult feeling well enough to plan a wedding or bear a child. He loved teaching young Gastroenterologists and, along with a grateful patient, created the Present-Levison fourth year fellowship in Clinical GI, which allowed the brightest young men and women to spend a post-graduate year learning clinical GI at Mt. Sinai. These fellows now care for IBD patients all over the world. Contributions in Dan's memory may be made to the Present-Levison Fellowship at Mt. Sinai, and sent to the Division of Gastroenterology, Mt. Sinai Hospital, Box 1069, New York, New York 10029. 1/3 PRESENT-- Dr. Daniel H. A brilliant, creative, and abundantly loved giant has left us. Dr. Daniel H. Present, born April 3, 1934, passed away on January 12th from complication of Parkinson's Disease. He was 81 years old. His passing will be deeply mourned by Jane Werner Present, his wife, partner, lover and best friend of more than 59 years, his three children, their spouses, and four grandchildren, Tracy Present, Stephanie, Michael, Billy and Katherine Podalak, Douglas, Susan, Adam and Margot Present, and his sister Judy Present Liss; his friends, associates and the thousands of lives he touched during his 50 years of practice. Dan graduated from Syracuse University Magna Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa in 1955 and State University of New York Downstate College of Medicine, Magna Cum Laude, in 1959. He completed an internship, medical residency, Gastroenterology residency and GI Fellowship at Mt. Sinai Hospital, and entered private practice in 1964, where he quickly began to focus his attention on the management of Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. He was the recipient of the first research award given by the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America. Dan brought clinical trials into clinical practice. His first paper was accepted for publication in 1966. He subsequently published 329 papers. At the time of his retirement, his publications had been cited more than 15,000 times. During his 54 years at Mt. Sinai, he served as President of both the Association of the Attending Staff and the Alumni Association for which he received the coveted Jacobi Medallion for Conspicuous Service to the Alumni. Dan received every award in his field including the Samuel Bronfman Department of Medicine Distinguished Service Award, The American Gastroenterology Association Distinguished Clinician Award, Master of the American College of Gastroenterology, The WiIIiam Dock, M.D. Master Teacher Award in Medicine State University of New York, the Janssen Award for Outstanding Achievement Award in Clinical Gastroenterology, the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America Lifetime Achievement Award and the George Arents Award for Excellence in Medicine, the highest achievement awarded by Syracuse University. He is generally recognized as having pioneered the way Crohn's disease is treated. More than any recognition, Dan loved taking care of his patients. He loved them and they returned that love many times over. His joy came from sparing his patients the pain, discomfort, and humiliation of inflammatory bowel disease by finding the right combination of medications and thoughtful creativity. He fought against surgery if there was a possible medical solution. He talked with his patients for many more hours than any HMO wouId have allowed. He sat at their bedside and visited them late at night, he celebrated when they felt better. Nothing made him happier than a college student being able to return to school, or a young adult feeling well enough to plan a wedding or bear a child. He loved teaching young Gastroenterologists and, along with a grateful patient, created the Present-Levison fourth year fellowship in Clinical GI, which allowed the brightest young men and women to spend a post-graduate year learning clinical GI at Mt. Sinai. These fellows now care for IBD patients all over the world. Contributions in Dan's memory may be made to the Present-Levison Fellowship at Mt. Sinai, and sent to the Division of Gastroenterology, Mt. Sinai Hospital, Box 1069, New York, New York 10029. 1/3 

MEYERS--Donald I.,M.D. The Columbia University Center for Psychoanalytic Training and Research and the Association for Psychoanalytic Medicine mourn the loss of our beloved Donald Meyers, M.D. Clinical professor and training analyst, he contributed to theory, to technique, to our organizations and to our personal growth as a loving friend and mentor. Eric R. Marcus, M.D. Director, CU Psychoanalytic Center Edith Cooper, Ph.D., President, APM 1/3 MEYERS--Donald I.,M.D. The Columbia University Center for Psychoanalytic Training and Research and the Association for Psychoanalytic Medicine mourn the loss of our beloved Donald Meyers, M.D. Clinical professor and training analyst, he contributed to theory, to technique, to our organizations and to our personal growth as a loving friend and mentor. Eric R. Marcus, M.D. Director, CU Psychoanalytic Center Edith Cooper, Ph.D., President, APM 1/3 

BARNETT--Ralph, January 11th. We mourn the sudden loss of a loving husband, father, father-in-law, grandfather, brother, brother-in-law, uncle and true friend. May he have fair winds and following seas. 1/3 BARNETT--Ralph, January 11th. We mourn the sudden loss of a loving husband, father, father-in-law, grandfather, brother, brother-in-law, uncle and true friend. May he have fair winds and following seas. 1/3 

SILVERMAN--Robert E.,professor and consummate fly fisherman, died at the age of 91 in his home in Naples, Florida on January 3, 2016. He was born in Providence, RI on March 1, 1924 to Natalie (nee Jess) and Samuel Silverman. After attending Brown University for one year (class of '46), he enlisted in the Army where he served abroad for three years during WWII. Upon returning he re-enrolled in Brown University and graduated in 1949. He received his PhD in psychology from Indiana University in 1952 and accepted a job at New York University, where he spent his entire professional career (moving from the University Heights Campus to the Washington Square Campus in 1973) until retiring in 1983. During his tenure there, he served as Assistant Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences (1959-1962) and department chair (1961-1970). He also wrote a successful introductory psychology textbook. He spent the next 35 years fishing, studying the Daily Racing Form, betting on race horses, and writing. During this period he moved from homes in Great Neck, Montauk, San Diego, CA and Marathon Key, eventually settling in Naples, Florida. He is predeceased by his wife of 63 years, Margaret Takacs Silverman. He is survived by his brother, Perry Silverman, two daughters, Pamela Silverman and Jill Silverman, and four grandchildren. At his request, his ashes are to be scattered on his favorite lake in Maine, where he fished for trout and salmon yearly for over 50 years. 1/3 SILVERMAN--Robert E.,professor and consummate fly fisherman, died at the age of 91 in his home in Naples, Florida on January 3, 2016. He was born in Providence, RI on March 1, 1924 to Natalie (nee Jess) and Samuel Silverman. After attending Brown University for one year (class of '46), he enlisted in the Army where he served abroad for three years during WWII. Upon returning he re-enrolled in Brown University and graduated in 1949. He received his PhD in psychology from Indiana University in 1952 and accepted a job at New York University, where he spent his entire professional career (moving from the University Heights Campus to the Washington Square Campus in 1973) until retiring in 1983. During his tenure there, he served as Assistant Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences (1959-1962) and department chair (1961-1970). He also wrote a successful introductory psychology textbook. He spent the next 35 years fishing, studying the Daily Racing Form, betting on race horses, and writing. During this period he moved from homes in Great Neck, Montauk, San Diego, CA and Marathon Key, eventually settling in Naples, Florida. He is predeceased by his wife of 63 years, Margaret Takacs Silverman. He is survived by his brother, Perry Silverman, two daughters, Pamela Silverman and Jill Silverman, and four grandchildren. At his request, his ashes are to be scattered on his favorite lake in Maine, where he fished for trout and salmon yearly for over 50 years. 1/3 

PERLMAN--Lucille, died at home on January 15, 2016 at the age of 101. Beloved mother of Bill (Patricia) and the late Lee. Grandmother of Deirdre, Michelle and Phillipe. Great-grandmother of Erin and Max. Loving wife of the late Samuel. Donations in her name may be made to The Central Park Conservancy. 1/3 PERLMAN--Lucille, died at home on January 15, 2016 at the age of 101. Beloved mother of Bill (Patricia) and the late Lee. Grandmother of Deirdre, Michelle and Phillipe. Great-grandmother of Erin and Max. Loving wife of the late Samuel. Donations in her name may be made to The Central Park Conservancy. 1/3 

LANGE--Brad. July 2, 1963-Jan. 17, 2015 I carry your heart in my heart. Love, Lara 1/3 LANGE--Brad. July 2, 1963-Jan. 17, 2015 I carry your heart in my heart. Love, Lara 1/3 

BLAUFARB--Leon Solomon. Baruch atta Adonai melech haolam dayan emet. Our dad passed away January 13th with his family around him. Storyteller, attorney, bartender, reader, fisher, athlete, a master of The Times Crossword. The best parts of him continue on in the best parts of his sons. Memorial service Monday, January 18, 2016, 11am, Park Slope Jewish Center, 1320 8th Ave, Brooklyn. 1/3 BLAUFARB--Leon Solomon. Baruch atta Adonai melech haolam dayan emet. Our dad passed away January 13th with his family around him. Storyteller, attorney, bartender, reader, fisher, athlete, a master of The Times Crossword. The best parts of him continue on in the best parts of his sons. Memorial service Monday, January 18, 2016, 11am, Park Slope Jewish Center, 1320 8th Ave, Brooklyn. 1/3 

PELTZ--Leon, M.D.,81, died January 8 at home in Sag Harbor, N.Y. Private practitioner, Manhattan, 1968-2002; consultant for Time Inc. and Coltec Industries. He graduated from Cornell, served in the Air Force, earned his doctorate at SUNY Downstate, and trained at St. Vincent's Hospital. He leaves his wife of 57 years, Barbara Loreto, and their daughter, Jennifer. 1/3 PELTZ--Leon, M.D.,81, died January 8 at home in Sag Harbor, N.Y. Private practitioner, Manhattan, 1968-2002; consultant for Time Inc. and Coltec Industries. He graduated from Cornell, served in the Air Force, earned his doctorate at SUNY Downstate, and trained at St. Vincent's Hospital. He leaves his wife of 57 years, Barbara Loreto, and their daughter, Jennifer. 1/3 

HERZOG--Diana. Diana E. Herzog (nee Rigby) 76, of New York City and Southport, CT, passed away from complications after a stroke, on Wednesday, January 13, 2016 at her residence. Diana was born on June 23, 1939, in Stoke-on-Trent, England, to Elinor (Ada Allen) and Reginald Rigby. Diana attended the Courtauld Institute, in London, earning a bachelor's degree. She then studied Medieval art in Frieburg, Germany, and later at the Institute of Fine Arts at New York University where she achieved a Master's in Fine Art. Diana moved to New York City in 1963, and married John E. Herzog, whom she had met on a trip to Mexico two years before. Diana and John lived in Manhattan, where Diana taught English as a second language at the New School, telling her devoted students that the pilgrims celebrated the first Thanksgiving in Philadelphia! Diana and John moved to Brooklyn Heights in 1972, where they were active in the Heights Casino and Plymouth Church. They summered in Clinton Corners, NY, where visitors could admire large vegetable beds and beehives, and later in Madison, CT, in the beautifully restored "Red Top," with its view of the Long Island Sound. Diana started her career in collectible financial documents at R.M. Smythe & Co., first researching obsolete and inactive securities and then branching out into the field of autographs as the firm expanded into a leading auction house. Diana was a formidable business woman, securing important consignments and putting collectors together with the items they sought. Diana personally assembled autographs of British royalty, writers and poets, acquiring the nickname "Lady Di." Diana was active in the Junior League of Brooklyn, Resources for Children with Special Needs, and many industry organizations including as president of the Manuscript Society, and PADA. Diana enjoyed membership in the Cosmopolitan Club and the Grolier Club. Diana edited the magazine "Friends of Financial History" for many years, now published by the Museum of American Finance, which she and John nurtured for over 25 years. As world travelers, Diana and John explored together, spending time in Europe and Asia, bringing home artifacts and anecdotes as well as cherished contacts. Diana accompanied John on many securities industry trips, supporting John at Herzog, Heine, Geduld. Diana's love of art and opera, her linguistic talents, and her culinary skills were well known by her friends and family. Her tennis game was graceful, and she loved reading, especially British mysteries. Diana cherished her roots in England, visiting often to maintain close relationships with family and friends "across the pond." Diana will be missed by all who knew her, and especially by her family, who are deeply saddened by her passing. Diana is survived by her husband of over 50 years, John; her daughters, Mary (Andy Davidoff) and Sarah Shine (Kevin); her cousins, Michael J. Rigby, (Ann Sheridan) Pat Sharrock, and Anne Grabaskey (Peter); and her grandchildren, Keith and Sophie Shine. Diana's family is extremely grateful to Genevee Thomas, Veronica Vernon, and Joylynn Thomas for the wonderful care they took of Diana during her long illness. A memorial service will be held at Trinity Episcopal Church, 651 Pequot Avenue, Southport, CT 06890, on Wednesday, January 20, 2016, at 3:00pm. A reception at the church will follow. In lieu of flowers, please send donations to The Pequot Library, 720 Pequot Avenue, Southport, CT 06890, where Diana loved to go, and helped create two exhibits. The Shaughnessey Banks Funeral Home, 50 Reef Rd. in Fairfield Center has been entrusted with the services. To send an online condolence, visit: shaughnesseybanks.com. 1/3 HERZOG--Diana. Diana E. Herzog (nee Rigby) 76, of New York City and Southport, CT, passed away from complications after a stroke, on Wednesday, January 13, 2016 at her residence. Diana was born on June 23, 1939, in Stoke-on-Trent, England, to Elinor (Ada Allen) and Reginald Rigby. Diana attended the Courtauld Institute, in London, earning a bachelor's degree. She then studied Medieval art in Frieburg, Germany, and later at the Institute of Fine Arts at New York University where she achieved a Master's in Fine Art. Diana moved to New York City in 1963, and married John E. Herzog, whom she had met on a trip to Mexico two years before. Diana and John lived in Manhattan, where Diana taught English as a second language at the New School, telling her devoted students that the pilgrims celebrated the first Thanksgiving in Philadelphia! Diana and John moved to Brooklyn Heights in 1972, where they were active in the Heights Casino and Plymouth Church. They summered in Clinton Corners, NY, where visitors could admire large vegetable beds and beehives, and later in Madison, CT, in the beautifully restored "Red Top," with its view of the Long Island Sound. Diana started her career in collectible financial documents at R.M. Smythe & Co., first researching obsolete and inactive securities and then branching out into the field of autographs as the firm expanded into a leading auction house. Diana was a formidable business woman, securing important consignments and putting collectors together with the items they sought. Diana personally assembled autographs of British royalty, writers and poets, acquiring the nickname "Lady Di." Diana was active in the Junior League of Brooklyn, Resources for Children with Special Needs, and many industry organizations including as president of the Manuscript Society, and PADA. Diana enjoyed membership in the Cosmopolitan Club and the Grolier Club. Diana edited the magazine "Friends of Financial History" for many years, now published by the Museum of American Finance, which she and John nurtured for over 25 years. As world travelers, Diana and John explored together, spending time in Europe and Asia, bringing home artifacts and anecdotes as well as cherished contacts. Diana accompanied John on many securities industry trips, supporting John at Herzog, Heine, Geduld. Diana's love of art and opera, her linguistic talents, and her culinary skills were well known by her friends and family. Her tennis game was graceful, and she loved reading, especially British mysteries. Diana cherished her roots in England, visiting often to maintain close relationships with family and friends "across the pond." Diana will be missed by all who knew her, and especially by her family, who are deeply saddened by her passing. Diana is survived by her husband of over 50 years, John; her daughters, Mary (Andy Davidoff) and Sarah Shine (Kevin); her cousins, Michael J. Rigby, (Ann Sheridan) Pat Sharrock, and Anne Grabaskey (Peter); and her grandchildren, Keith and Sophie Shine. Diana's family is extremely grateful to Genevee Thomas, Veronica Vernon, and Joylynn Thomas for the wonderful care they took of Diana during her long illness. A memorial service will be held at Trinity Episcopal Church, 651 Pequot Avenue, Southport, CT 06890, on Wednesday, January 20, 2016, at 3:00pm. A reception at the church will follow. In lieu of flowers, please send donations to The Pequot Library, 720 Pequot Avenue, Southport, CT 06890, where Diana loved to go, and helped create two exhibits. The Shaughnessey Banks Funeral Home, 50 Reef Rd. in Fairfield Center has been entrusted with the services. To send an online condolence, visit: shaughnesseybanks.com. 1/3 

NETZER--Corinne T. Celebrate her celestial birthday forever and always, Ides of January - 1/15. 1/3 NETZER--Corinne T. Celebrate her celestial birthday forever and always, Ides of January - 1/15. 1/3 

MARCHAL--Jacques. Jacques Marchal, died suddenly at his home on January 3, 2016. He was the most beloved husband and best friend of his wife Marion, and the much loved father of Leslie and Philip, grandfather of Laura, Stephen, Isabella and Jacqueline, father-in-law of Larry and Sue, brother of Francoise, and uncle to many French nieces and nephews. Jacques escaped from France during World War II to join the Free French Forces, and came to the United States to complete his training as a pilot. He returned after the war to obtain his Bachelor of Science. Settling in the United States a few years later, he built a career at the Mobil Oil Company, as it was then called, where he worked for over 35 years in its international operations, ultimately specializing in the negotiation of exploration and production agreements with countries across the world. He was the kindest and most thoughtful of men, courtly, with an insatiable curiosity about world events, and a born storyteller who drew on his adventurous youth to bring to life another era for his children and grandchildren. He will be sorely missed. 1/3 MARCHAL--Jacques. Jacques Marchal, died suddenly at his home on January 3, 2016. He was the most beloved husband and best friend of his wife Marion, and the much loved father of Leslie and Philip, grandfather of Laura, Stephen, Isabella and Jacqueline, father-in-law of Larry and Sue, brother of Francoise, and uncle to many French nieces and nephews. Jacques escaped from France during World War II to join the Free French Forces, and came to the United States to complete his training as a pilot. He returned after the war to obtain his Bachelor of Science. Settling in the United States a few years later, he built a career at the Mobil Oil Company, as it was then called, where he worked for over 35 years in its international operations, ultimately specializing in the negotiation of exploration and production agreements with countries across the world. He was the kindest and most thoughtful of men, courtly, with an insatiable curiosity about world events, and a born storyteller who drew on his adventurous youth to bring to life another era for his children and grandchildren. He will be sorely missed. 1/3 

MEADOW--Claire S.,77, died peacefully January 9, 2016 of pancreatic cancer. Graduate, Hunter College and Columbia Law School; practicing real estate attorney. Founding member, Westchester Women's Bar Association; passionate supporter of Israel. Survived by beloved husband Myron Meadow, children Andrea Danziger, Roxanne (David) Cohen, Aaron Meadow and four grandchildren. 1/3 MEADOW--Claire S.,77, died peacefully January 9, 2016 of pancreatic cancer. Graduate, Hunter College and Columbia Law School; practicing real estate attorney. Founding member, Westchester Women's Bar Association; passionate supporter of Israel. Survived by beloved husband Myron Meadow, children Andrea Danziger, Roxanne (David) Cohen, Aaron Meadow and four grandchildren. 1/3 

SCHALLER--Ralph F. The best brother-in-law a guy could ask for. You opened your heart to me and to my entire family and you will never be forgotten. The Brodhersons were proud to have you as one of our own. 1/3 SCHALLER--Ralph F. The best brother-in-law a guy could ask for. You opened your heart to me and to my entire family and you will never be forgotten. The Brodhersons were proud to have you as one of our own. 1/3 

KLEIER-Jonathan. Happy 33rd Birthday Jonathan, our guardian angel. There is surely lots of champagne being opened up right now in heaven, and we can hear Jay Z and Billy Joel loud and clear, and the Palm is getting ready for your reservation. We miss and love you every second of every day, forever. You will always be the light of our lives. A huge bear hug from home. Love you, The Family 1/3 KLEIER-Jonathan. Happy 33rd Birthday Jonathan, our guardian angel. There is surely lots of champagne being opened up right now in heaven, and we can hear Jay Z and Billy Joel loud and clear, and the Palm is getting ready for your reservation. We miss and love you every second of every day, forever. You will always be the light of our lives. A huge bear hug from home. Love you, The Family 1/3 

DONLEAVY--Thomas Joseph "T.J.," died peacefully in his sleep on January 6, 2016. Committed to his own inner vision he was a poet, sculptor and composer. T.J. approached life with vigor, compassion and dedication. His late niece Marita O'Hare, along with her son B. Patrick Brown, were dedicated to bringing his art to the public through exhibitions, a website and a soon to be published book: "Life as Art: The Works of T.J. Donleavy" by Nancy Malloy. Mr. Donleavy studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts and The Barnes Foundation. Mr. Donleavy is survived by his son David Zwanetz Jr.; grandsons Michael and David; brother, Author J.P. Donleavy, Ireland, ("Ginger Man"); nephew, Producer Phillip Donleavy; niece, Ceramic Artist Karen Donleavy; sister, Professor Emerita Mary Rita Donleavy, Lehman College, CUNY, grandnephew, B. Patrick Brown, Scarsdale, NY. 1/3 DONLEAVY--Thomas Joseph "T.J.," died peacefully in his sleep on January 6, 2016. Committed to his own inner vision he was a poet, sculptor and composer. T.J. approached life with vigor, compassion and dedication. His late niece Marita O'Hare, along with her son B. Patrick Brown, were dedicated to bringing his art to the public through exhibitions, a website and a soon to be published book: "Life as Art: The Works of T.J. Donleavy" by Nancy Malloy. Mr. Donleavy studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts and The Barnes Foundation. Mr. Donleavy is survived by his son David Zwanetz Jr.; grandsons Michael and David; brother, Author J.P. Donleavy, Ireland, ("Ginger Man"); nephew, Producer Phillip Donleavy; niece, Ceramic Artist Karen Donleavy; sister, Professor Emerita Mary Rita Donleavy, Lehman College, CUNY, grandnephew, B. Patrick Brown, Scarsdale, NY. 1/3 

McTAGUE--Marilyn Ann. 1935-2016. The Caedmon School honors the life of former teacher and administrator, Marilyn Ann McTague. Over her 30-year career, she touched the lives of countless children of New York City. We are grateful for the many ways she helped to shape our school community. 1/3 McTAGUE--Marilyn Ann. 1935-2016. The Caedmon School honors the life of former teacher and administrator, Marilyn Ann McTague. Over her 30-year career, she touched the lives of countless children of New York City. We are grateful for the many ways she helped to shape our school community. 1/3 

DUNHAM--William B.,died on January 11 in New York. Although he had a long career in finance, human resources, and real estate, he is best remembered for his role in the traditional jazz scene. First drawn to jazz in boyhood, he played with the Crimson Stompers at Harvard as part of the then thriving college jazz band circuit. Eventually settling in New York, Mr. Dunham organized one of the early traditional jazz bands, the Grove Street Stompers, to play Monday nights in Greenwich Village. Mr. Dunham led the band for over fifty years. At times leading jazz musicians, such as Wild Bill Davison were featured with the group. Arthurs Tavern, where the band played, remains one of the most celebrated locations for traditional jazz world-wide, still following the format instituted by Mr. Dunham. He is survived by his beloved wife, Sonya, daughter Amy, son-in- law Richard and three grand children. In lieu of flowers please consider a donation to The American Cancer Society https://donate.cancer. org/index. 1/3 DUNHAM--William B.,died on January 11 in New York. Although he had a long career in finance, human resources, and real estate, he is best remembered for his role in the traditional jazz scene. First drawn to jazz in boyhood, he played with the Crimson Stompers at Harvard as part of the then thriving college jazz band circuit. Eventually settling in New York, Mr. Dunham organized one of the early traditional jazz bands, the Grove Street Stompers, to play Monday nights in Greenwich Village. Mr. Dunham led the band for over fifty years. At times leading jazz musicians, such as Wild Bill Davison were featured with the group. Arthurs Tavern, where the band played, remains one of the most celebrated locations for traditional jazz world-wide, still following the format instituted by Mr. Dunham. He is survived by his beloved wife, Sonya, daughter Amy, son-in- law Richard and three grand children. In lieu of flowers please consider a donation to The American Cancer Society https://donate.cancer. org/index. 1/3 

BECKHARD--Madeleine (nee Klein) of O'Fallon, MO (formerly of Dover, NJ and Metz, France), beloved Wife of Ted for 53 years, devoted Mother of Alan (Laura) and Grandmother of Eric and Kathryn. Dear Sister of Chantal (Gerard), Fernand, and Michel. Information "Wien & Son" 1-800-719-7910. 1/3 BECKHARD--Madeleine (nee Klein) of O'Fallon, MO (formerly of Dover, NJ and Metz, France), beloved Wife of Ted for 53 years, devoted Mother of Alan (Laura) and Grandmother of Eric and Kathryn. Dear Sister of Chantal (Gerard), Fernand, and Michel. Information "Wien & Son" 1-800-719-7910. 1/3 

PINES-- James M.,a lawyer, economist and international economic development consultant, died on January 10, 2016 in Chevy Chase, MD at the age of 89. He was the son of Samuel S. and Ruth Golden Pines. Pines grew up in Peekskill, NY, and earned a B.A. from Bard College, an M.A. from Harvard, and a law degree from Yale. Over more than three decades as a consultant on nutrition, food aid and program evaluation, Pines undertook assignments with the United States Agency for International Development, the World Bank, and non-governmental organizations in more than 60 countries. Pines' first marriage ended in divorce. Survivors include his companion of 30 years, Janet Lowenthal; his former wife, Caryl Pines Curry; two sisters, Joanne Pines Hersh and Doris Pines Markoff; a daughter, Eve Pines and a son, Roger Pines; son-in-law Richard Martinko; and grandchildren Reed and Irene Martinko. Memorial gifts may be made to JSSA Hospice, 6123 Montrose Rd., Rockville, MD 20852 and to the Robert White Human Rights Fund, Center for International Policy, 2000 M St., NW Washington, DC 20036. A Memorial Service will take place at 12pm on January 27, 2016, at the Wisconsin Place Community Center, 5311 Friendship Blvd., Chevy Chase, MD 20815. 1/3 PINES-- James M.,a lawyer, economist and international economic development consultant, died on January 10, 2016 in Chevy Chase, MD at the age of 89. He was the son of Samuel S. and Ruth Golden Pines. Pines grew up in Peekskill, NY, and earned a B.A. from Bard College, an M.A. from Harvard, and a law degree from Yale. Over more than three decades as a consultant on nutrition, food aid and program evaluation, Pines undertook assignments with the United States Agency for International Development, the World Bank, and non-governmental organizations in more than 60 countries. Pines' first marriage ended in divorce. Survivors include his companion of 30 years, Janet Lowenthal; his former wife, Caryl Pines Curry; two sisters, Joanne Pines Hersh and Doris Pines Markoff; a daughter, Eve Pines and a son, Roger Pines; son-in-law Richard Martinko; and grandchildren Reed and Irene Martinko. Memorial gifts may be made to JSSA Hospice, 6123 Montrose Rd., Rockville, MD 20852 and to the Robert White Human Rights Fund, Center for International Policy, 2000 M St., NW Washington, DC 20036. A Memorial Service will take place at 12pm on January 27, 2016, at the Wisconsin Place Community Center, 5311 Friendship Blvd., Chevy Chase, MD 20815. 1/3 

COLEMAN--Zdzislawa Anna, 69, a resident of the Hyde Park neighborhood in Chicago and former employee of NORC, died January 1. She was born on September 24, 1946, in Pietrzykowice, Poland, the daughter of Alojzy and Otylia Walaszek. She received a Ph.D. in sociology from John Hopkins University and lectured at University of Chicago. A lover of art and poetry, she did sculpture when young. Her work as an avid gardener frequently drew praise from people passing by her home. She was a generous person who gave gifts to those around her until the end of her life. She was the beloved wife of James Coleman, whom she married in 1972. He was a professor of sociology at the University of Chicago and died in 1995. Survivors include her son, Daniel; stepsons, Thomas, John, and Stephen; brother, Andrew Walaszek; sister-in-law Camie Corbino-Walaszek; and sister, Miroslawa Walaszek. 1/3 COLEMAN--Zdzislawa Anna, 69, a resident of the Hyde Park neighborhood in Chicago and former employee of NORC, died January 1. She was born on September 24, 1946, in Pietrzykowice, Poland, the daughter of Alojzy and Otylia Walaszek. She received a Ph.D. in sociology from John Hopkins University and lectured at University of Chicago. A lover of art and poetry, she did sculpture when young. Her work as an avid gardener frequently drew praise from people passing by her home. She was a generous person who gave gifts to those around her until the end of her life. She was the beloved wife of James Coleman, whom she married in 1972. He was a professor of sociology at the University of Chicago and died in 1995. Survivors include her son, Daniel; stepsons, Thomas, John, and Stephen; brother, Andrew Walaszek; sister-in-law Camie Corbino-Walaszek; and sister, Miroslawa Walaszek. 1/3 

FULLER--Lee M.,Jr., Esq., passed away at his home in New York City on the evening of January 4, 2016, after courageously battling a series of cancer related illnesses. His beloved wife and son were by his side. Born on March 14, 1938, Lee was the son of Eunice Peckinpaugh and Lee M. Fuller and grew up in Bronxville, NY. He graduated from Bronxville High School in 1956, Princeton University Woodrow Wilson School of International Affairs in 1960 and Columbia University Law School in 1965. He then worked on the Lindsay mayoral campaign before joining the law firm of Shearman & Sterling in Manhattan. In 1978, Lee started his own law firm specializing in U.S. Immigration which his son, Scott, carries on today as Fuller & Fuller LLP. He taught Immigration Law as an Adjunct Professor at Fordham University School of Law from 1981 to 2001. Commissioned into the ROTC program while at Princeton, Lee served on active duty in the Navy for two years aboard the USS ESSEX, seeing action in the Bay of Pigs. He then served for more than 30 years in the Navy Reserve, retiring as a Captain, Navy JAG Corps. From 1978 to present, he was a passionate and active member of The University Club. Lee was married to Anina Porter and they had three children. In December 2012, after 24 years of courtship, Lee married Victoria (Vicki) Sorrell. They cherished spending weekends in their home in Sag Harbor, NY. Lee is survived by his wife, Victoria Sorrell Fuller, sister, Gretchen Beers, children Scott Ruston Fuller, Lisa Gretchen Fuller, Kristina laCour Fuller, and grandchildren Nicolaas John ten Grotenhuis, Erin Campbell Fuller, Ethan Scott ten Grotenhuis, Aidan Porter Fuller, Lucy Fuller Barretto, Charlotte Anina Barretto, and Sonja Ellen ten Grotenhuis. 1/3 FULLER--Lee M.,Jr., Esq., passed away at his home in New York City on the evening of January 4, 2016, after courageously battling a series of cancer related illnesses. His beloved wife and son were by his side. Born on March 14, 1938, Lee was the son of Eunice Peckinpaugh and Lee M. Fuller and grew up in Bronxville, NY. He graduated from Bronxville High School in 1956, Princeton University Woodrow Wilson School of International Affairs in 1960 and Columbia University Law School in 1965. He then worked on the Lindsay mayoral campaign before joining the law firm of Shearman & Sterling in Manhattan. In 1978, Lee started his own law firm specializing in U.S. Immigration which his son, Scott, carries on today as Fuller & Fuller LLP. He taught Immigration Law as an Adjunct Professor at Fordham University School of Law from 1981 to 2001. Commissioned into the ROTC program while at Princeton, Lee served on active duty in the Navy for two years aboard the USS ESSEX, seeing action in the Bay of Pigs. He then served for more than 30 years in the Navy Reserve, retiring as a Captain, Navy JAG Corps. From 1978 to present, he was a passionate and active member of The University Club. Lee was married to Anina Porter and they had three children. In December 2012, after 24 years of courtship, Lee married Victoria (Vicki) Sorrell. They cherished spending weekends in their home in Sag Harbor, NY. Lee is survived by his wife, Victoria Sorrell Fuller, sister, Gretchen Beers, children Scott Ruston Fuller, Lisa Gretchen Fuller, Kristina laCour Fuller, and grandchildren Nicolaas John ten Grotenhuis, Erin Campbell Fuller, Ethan Scott ten Grotenhuis, Aidan Porter Fuller, Lucy Fuller Barretto, Charlotte Anina Barretto, and Sonja Ellen ten Grotenhuis. 1/3 

MAIMIN, David S.,on January 14, 2016. He attended Horace Mann School, Brown University and Columbia's Graduate School of Business, before serving as an army officer during the Korean War. He had a long and rewarding career with H. Maimin & Co., manufacturers of electric cutting machines. He leaves his beloved wife and best friend, Sybil, sons Daniel (Mark) and Michael (Rachel) and twin grandsons, William and Charles, born during the last year of his life. Funeral services at Plaza Funeral Chapel, 630 Amsterdam Avenue, Sunday, January 17, 11am. Donations may be made in his memory to The City Congregation for Humanistic Judaism or Central Park Conservancy. 1/3 MAIMIN, David S.,on January 14, 2016. He attended Horace Mann School, Brown University and Columbia's Graduate School of Business, before serving as an army officer during the Korean War. He had a long and rewarding career with H. Maimin & Co., manufacturers of electric cutting machines. He leaves his beloved wife and best friend, Sybil, sons Daniel (Mark) and Michael (Rachel) and twin grandsons, William and Charles, born during the last year of his life. Funeral services at Plaza Funeral Chapel, 630 Amsterdam Avenue, Sunday, January 17, 11am. Donations may be made in his memory to The City Congregation for Humanistic Judaism or Central Park Conservancy. 1/3 

WALDEN--Marvin Eugene, 80, of Elk Grove, CA passed away on January 9, 2016. He was born in Parsons, KS on May 7, 1935 to Mamie Lavon Walden. Marvin was raised by his aunt Mary Anne Clark and uncle Wayne Thomas Clark in Clawson, MI. He graduated from Clawson High School, and received BS, MS, and PhD degrees in Mathematics from Wayne State University. Marvin met the love of his life, beloved Olga Lucille Walden, in the Math Club at Wayne State. Marvin is survived by his children Katherine, Gerald, and Eugene, and grandchildren Anna, Charlotte, and Julia. 1/3 WALDEN--Marvin Eugene, 80, of Elk Grove, CA passed away on January 9, 2016. He was born in Parsons, KS on May 7, 1935 to Mamie Lavon Walden. Marvin was raised by his aunt Mary Anne Clark and uncle Wayne Thomas Clark in Clawson, MI. He graduated from Clawson High School, and received BS, MS, and PhD degrees in Mathematics from Wayne State University. Marvin met the love of his life, beloved Olga Lucille Walden, in the Math Club at Wayne State. Marvin is survived by his children Katherine, Gerald, and Eugene, and grandchildren Anna, Charlotte, and Julia. 1/3 

SPOKOJNY--Dr. Artur. May 10, 1955-January 7,2014. Shabbat Bo, 1/15-16, is Artur's 2nd yartzeit. Time cannot erase our love, dear Artur. 1/3 SPOKOJNY--Dr. Artur. May 10, 1955-January 7,2014. Shabbat Bo, 1/15-16, is Artur's 2nd yartzeit. Time cannot erase our love, dear Artur. 1/3 

HERZOG--Diana E. The Board of Directors and Staff of INCLUDEnyc (formerly Resources for Children with Special Needs) mourn our former board chair, board member, and long- time supporter. Diana's commitment, warmth, passion, and friendship will be deeply missed. 1/3 HERZOG--Diana E. The Board of Directors and Staff of INCLUDEnyc (formerly Resources for Children with Special Needs) mourn our former board chair, board member, and long- time supporter. Diana's commitment, warmth, passion, and friendship will be deeply missed. 1/3 

Arizona’s thrilling victory in an N.F.C. divisional game was the first in the postseason for Palmer. Arizona’s thrilling victory in an N.F.C. divisional game was the first in the postseason for Palmer. Arizona Cardinals defeat Green Bay Packers, 26-20, in overtime, in NFC divisional playoff game.

Knicks Coach Derek Fisher and Grizzlies forward Matt Barnes have a history of bad blood, but the only fireworks Saturday were provided by Marc Gasol, who scored 37 points in Memphis’s win. Knicks Coach Derek Fisher and Grizzlies forward Matt Barnes have a history of bad blood, but the only fireworks Saturday were provided by Marc Gasol, who scored 37 points in Memphis’s win. Memphis Grizzlies defeat New York Knicks, 103-95.

The rising death rates for young white adults, ages 25 to 34, make them the first generation since the Vietnam War years to experience higher death rates in early adulthood than the previous generation. The rising death rates for young white adults, ages 25 to 34, make them the first generation since the Vietnam War years to experience higher death rates in early adulthood than the previous generation. Analysis of death certificates shows drug overdoses are driving up death rates of young white adults to levels higher than previous generations for first time since 1960s; numbers stand in stark contrast to lowering death rates for young black people and are erasing effects of medical advances for more traditional causes of death like heart disease.

Millsap’s 21 points and sent him past 10,000 for his career. Millsap’s 21 points and sent him past 10,000 for his career. NBA Roundup; Atlanta Hawks defeat Brooklyn Nets, 114-86; other basketball scores and news noted.

The Irish&#8217;s Bonzie Colson finished with a career high in points, and Demetrius Jackson contributed 22, as Notre Dame knocked off the Blue Devils on the road. The Irish&#8217;s Bonzie Colson finished with a career high in points, and Demetrius Jackson contributed 22, as Notre Dame knocked off the Blue Devils on the road. College Basketball Roundup; Notre Dame men's basketball team defeats Duke, 95-91; other men's and women's college basketball scores noted.

The network could have taken the spirit of 1967 and relived the first Super Bowl without 21st-century excess, but it adopted the ethic of the multi-hour Super Bowl pregame show. The network could have taken the spirit of 1967 and relived the first Super Bowl without 21st-century excess, but it adopted the ethic of the multi-hour Super Bowl pregame show. 

The travails of Jeb Bush&#8217;s presidential campaign can be seen as perhaps the last, wheezing gasp of the WASP power structure. The travails of Jeb Bush&#8217;s presidential campaign can be seen as perhaps the last, wheezing gasp of the WASP power structure. Elite upbringing and good manners of Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush have been cited by many analysts as among key reasons for his failure to succeed in tough 2016 presidential race.

The increasingly personal lines of attack against Mr. Cruz in a public setting mark a shift in the race for the Republican presidential nomination that started during Thursday&#8217;s debate and spilled onto the campaign trail on Saturday. The increasingly personal lines of attack against Mr. Cruz in a public setting mark a shift in the race for the Republican presidential nomination that started during Thursday&#8217;s debate and spilled onto the campaign trail on Saturday. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump launches personal attacks against Sen Ted Cruz during Tea Party convention in South Carolina as race to capture Republican nomination intensifies. 

Mularkey served as the interim coach for Tennessee’s final nine games after the team fired Ken Whisenhunt on Nov. 3. Mularkey served as the interim coach for Tennessee’s final nine games after the team fired Ken Whisenhunt on Nov. 3. NFL Roundup; Tennessee Titans retain Mike Mularkey as head coach; other football news noted.

Lundqvist is the only goaltender in N.H.L. history to have won 20 games in each of his first 11 seasons. Lundqvist is the only goaltender in N.H.L. history to have won 20 games in each of his first 11 seasons. New York Rangers defeat Philadelphia Flyers, 3-2, in shootout; Rangers goalie Henrik Lundqvist becomes first goalie in NHL history to have won 20 games in each of his first 11 seasons. 

Terry scored in the eighth minute of stoppage time to clinch the draw for Manager Guus Hiddink’s side. Terry scored in the eighth minute of stoppage time to clinch the draw for Manager Guus Hiddink’s side. Soccer Roundup; Chelsea and Everton play to 3-3 draw in Premier League game; other soccer matches noted.

Bill Belichick, the New England coach, and his quarterback Tom Brady have now won 22 postseason games. Bill Belichick, the New England coach, and his quarterback Tom Brady have now won 22 postseason games. New England Patriots defeat Kansas City Chiefs, 27-20, in AFC divisional round playoff game.

The Justice Department said that one of the men was arrested at an airport, where he planned to begin a journey to Syria to fight with ISIS, and that the other assisted him. The Justice Department said that one of the men was arrested at an airport, where he planned to begin a journey to Syria to fight with ISIS, and that the other assisted him. Justice Dept charges Joseph Hassan Farrokh and Mahmoud Amin Mohamed of Virginia with terrorism-related offenses in connection with attempt to travel to Syria to fight for Islamic State; both men are in FBI custody and could face up to 20 years in prison. 

President Obama cleared the way for federal aid for Flint, Mich., which is struggling with a drinking water crisis. President Obama cleared the way for federal aid for Flint, Mich., which is struggling with a drinking water crisis. Pres Obama signs emergency declaration granting federal aid for Flint, Mich where residents are dealing with lead contamination in city's water supply; Federal Emergency Management Agency will distribute water, filters and cartridges as well as direct monetary assistance.

The Ohio city says it owes nothing to a man whose murder conviction was voided in 2010 and was later awarded $13.2 million by a federal jury. The city insists the judgment was against two homicide detectives. The Ohio city says it owes nothing to a man whose murder conviction was voided in 2010 and was later awarded $13.2 million by a federal jury. The city insists the judgment was against two homicide detectives. City of Cleveland continues to refuse to pay former inmate David Ayers, who was wrongfully imprisoned for 12 years, $13.2 million awarded to him in 2013 by federal grand jury; city claims responsibility lies with two homicide detectives that convicted him. 

China’s industrial safety record has improved in recent years, but the ruling Communist Party still struggles to impose accountability on local bureaucrats. China’s industrial safety record has improved in recent years, but the ruling Communist Party still struggles to impose accountability on local bureaucrats. Company overseeing Shenzen construction waste dump, which killed at least 69 people after collapsing, had ignored engineers' safety warnings for months; episode reflects China's struggle to enforce compliance with industrial and environmental regulations. 

In new guidelines, the Obama administration says doctors and hospitals cannot require patients to state a reason for requesting their records, and cannot deny access out of a general concern that patients might be upset by the information. In new guidelines, the Obama administration says doctors and hospitals cannot require patients to state a reason for requesting their records, and cannot deny access out of a general concern that patients might be upset by the information. Obama administration issues new guidelines requiring doctors and hospitals to disclose copies of medical records within 30 days of patient request; change in rules, which originated with Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, is part of effort to increase transparency between patients, doctors and hospitals while protecting privacy. 

For over three decades, the procedure has been legal in the predominantly Catholic nation, but most gynecologists are conscientious objectors. For over three decades, the procedure has been legal in the predominantly Catholic nation, but most gynecologists are conscientious objectors. Italian women seeking abortions often struggle to find willing doctors, as seventy percent of country's gynecologists are conscientious objectors to law that allows abortion within first trimester; number of non-objecting doctors appears to be declining in country where Roman Catholic Church still strongly influences culture.

As the protest at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge has dragged on, it has become a magnet of sorts, attracting strands of diverse conservative movements from across the country. As the protest at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge has dragged on, it has become a magnet of sorts, attracting strands of diverse conservative movements from across the country. Conservatives from across nation flock to Malheur National Wildlife Refuge to join armed occupation of state wildlife preserve started by former rancher Ammon Bundy and associates in antigovernment movement; protest initially focused on issue of federal control of lands but many new protesters are pushing separate political agendas. 

For many Egyptians, Mortada Mansour&#8217;s behavior has only confirmed their low expectations of the new Parliament, which is weak and heavily tilted in favor of President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. For many Egyptians, Mortada Mansour&#8217;s behavior has only confirmed their low expectations of the new Parliament, which is weak and heavily tilted in favor of President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Pugnacious antics of Egyptian lawmaker and staunch Abdel Fattah el-Sisi supporter Mortada Mansour have served to confirm public opinion that nation's new Parliament is fractious, ineffectual and heavily weighted in favor of Sisi; Mansour seems to relish his notoriety.

La reunión de Joaquín Guzmán Loera con Sean Penn y Kate del Castillo dio a las autoridades la oportunidad que necesitaban para recapturarlo. La reunión de Joaquín Guzmán Loera con Sean Penn y Kate del Castillo dio a las autoridades la oportunidad que necesitaban para recapturarlo. 

The short life of Altee Tenpenny, a rising football star who was killed in October, is instructive on many levels. The short life of Altee Tenpenny, a rising football star who was killed in October, is instructive on many levels. William C Rhoden Sports of The Times column remembers Altee Tenpenny, rising football star who was killed in car crash in October 2015; holds Tenpenny's story, that of promising high school player who is dwarfed by brighter stars in college and then struggles to flourish, is one many young aspiring football players can relate to.

The site, known as Proctor&#8217;s Ledge, is a small, city-owned plot of woods nestled between two residential streets and behind a Walgreens pharmacy. The site, known as Proctor&#8217;s Ledge, is a small, city-owned plot of woods nestled between two residential streets and behind a Walgreens pharmacy. 

Archbishop J. Peter Sartain apologized for the actions of 77 people, including priests and deacons, who abused minors in western Washington over the past several decades. Archbishop J. Peter Sartain apologized for the actions of 77 people, including priests and deacons, who abused minors in western Washington over the past several decades. Archbishop J Peter Sartain of Seattle publishes list of 77 child-sex abusers who have served Roman Catholic Church in Washington State and apologizes for their actions in effort to increase transparency and accountability. 

The most immediate benefit to Iran will be access to roughly $100 billion of its own money, but some believe it could signal a slow thaw to U.S.-Iran relations in general. The most immediate benefit to Iran will be access to roughly $100 billion of its own money, but some believe it could signal a slow thaw to U.S.-Iran relations in general. Q&A explains significance of Iran's compliance with international nuclear agreement and automatic lifting of economic sanctions on country.

Iran has shipped most of its nuclear fuel out of the country, destroyed the innards of a plutonium-producing reactor and mothballed more than 12,000 centrifuges. Iran has shipped most of its nuclear fuel out of the country, destroyed the innards of a plutonium-producing reactor and mothballed more than 12,000 centrifuges. United States and European nations lift economic and oil sanctions on Iran after inspectors conclude nation has complied with requirement that it dismantle large part of its nuclear program; announcement comes on day of diplomatic tensions on which five American prisoners are freed by Iran in exchange for release of Iranian detainees.

Kuechly, 24, is the centerpiece of the sixth-best defense in the N.F.L., which will try to stop the Seahawks on Sunday. Kuechly, 24, is the centerpiece of the sixth-best defense in the N.F.L., which will try to stop the Seahawks on Sunday. Carolina Panthers linebacker Luke Kuechly maintains low profile, despite being centerpiece of sixth-best defense in NFL and 2013 Defensive Player of the Year; is busy preparing with team for upcoming playoff game against Seattle Seahawks.

Chris Harris Jr., like an actor, applies his improvisational skills and impeccable timing to mastering one of the most demanding positions on defense: the slot cornerback. Chris Harris Jr., like an actor, applies his improvisational skills and impeccable timing to mastering one of the most demanding positions on defense: the slot cornerback. Denver Broncos cornerback Chris Harris Jr has yielded fewest yards per cover snap in slot during past two seasons, impressive statistic for one of most demanding positions on defense.

Shortcomings in federal and state law allow many domestic abusers to have access to firearms. Shortcomings in federal and state law allow many domestic abusers to have access to firearms. Editorial highlights analysis from group Everytown for Gun Safety documenting substantial number of Americans killed each year by spouse, partner or family member with firearm; notes federal and state laws fail to prevent many domestic abusers from accessing guns and calls for closing of loopholes that allow abusers to own such weapons.

Saudi Arabia and other oil-producing nations are relying on sovereign wealth funds because of falling oil prices. Saudi Arabia and other oil-producing nations are relying on sovereign wealth funds because of falling oil prices. Editorial warns of global economic consequences due to long slide in oil prices, and outlines steps oil producers like Saudi Arabia will need to take to make up for falling revenues.

The Big Zhabo, as he was known, set his first of 19 world superheavyweight weight-lifting records in 1963. The Big Zhabo, as he was known, set his first of 19 world superheavyweight weight-lifting records in 1963. Leonid Zhabotinsky, Ukrainian-born weight lifter who won Olympic gold medals in 1964 and 1968 and inspired a young Arnold Schwarzenegger, dies at age 77.

The justices are considering a petition that asks them to strike down capital punishment once and for all. What are they waiting for? The justices are considering a petition that asks them to strike down capital punishment once and for all. What are they waiting for? Editorial notes Pennsylvania death row prisoner Shonda Walter has petitioned Supreme Court for stay of her scheduled execution; observes it is first case to take up challenge posed by 2015 dissent from Justice Stephen Breyer positing practice as whole is violation of Eighth Amendment protections against cruel and unusual punishment; suggest there has been clear legal movement toward position that capital punishment is violation of Constitution and calls on court to rule it so.

Lacking the facilities and the financial backing that other countries take for granted, Irish athletes are at a disadvantage early in their careers. Lacking the facilities and the financial backing that other countries take for granted, Irish athletes are at a disadvantage early in their careers. Ireland, lacking facilities and financial backing that other countries take for granted, struggles to develop top-flight tennis players; only six men and two women from Ireland have made it to main draw of Grand Slam event since tennis entered professional era in 1968.

The Horse of the Year American Pharoah breathed new life into a struggling sport, which now turns its attention to maintaining the growth. The Horse of the Year American Pharoah breathed new life into a struggling sport, which now turns its attention to maintaining the growth. Triple Crown winner and 2015 Horse of the Year American Pharoah has breathed new life into horse racing, which is trying to sustain momentum.

De Filippis, an Italian aristocrat who helped reopen a sport to women, drove in Formula 1 world championship grands prix. De Filippis, an Italian aristocrat who helped reopen a sport to women, drove in Formula 1 world championship grands prix. Maria Teresa de Filippis, Italian race car driver who became first woman to compete in Formula 1 world championship grands prix in 1958, dies at age 89. 

Ms. Wright, whose work mixes the commonplace and the fantastic and was informed by her Arkansan heritage, considered poetry writing an act of social responsibility. Ms. Wright, whose work mixes the commonplace and the fantastic and was informed by her Arkansan heritage, considered poetry writing an act of social responsibility. C D Wright, MacArthur fellowship-winning poet best known for book-length verse One With Others: a little book of her days, which won National Book Critics Circle Award in 2010, dies at age 67. 

Yvette Teixeira, 43, had grappled with poverty for years. But the sudden death of one of her daughters made some everyday struggles even more painful. Yvette Teixeira, 43, had grappled with poverty for years. But the sudden death of one of her daughters made some everyday struggles even more painful. Federation of Protestant Welfare Agencies, one of seven agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, provides single mother Yvette Teixeira of Manhattan with money to purchase school uniforms for her three daughters. 

Will Hillary govern like a man or a woman? Or, perhaps more important, a canine or a feline? Will Hillary govern like a man or a woman? Or, perhaps more important, a canine or a feline? Maureen Dowd Op-Ed column questions utility of characterizing Hillary Clinton's 2008 and 2016 presidential runs in terms of her gender, saying there is no guarantee that alpha woman trying to break gender barriers will not end up overcompensating on machismo. 

Michael Phelps said he was training with renewed dedication for the 2016 Olympics, and also was patching up his personal life after pleading guilty to drunken driving. Michael Phelps said he was training with renewed dedication for the 2016 Olympics, and also was patching up his personal life after pleading guilty to drunken driving. 

A sculpture worth tens of millions was sold twice, an art market demonstration of “phantom liquidity.” A sculpture worth tens of millions was sold twice, an art market demonstration of “phantom liquidity.” Op-Ed article by Felix Salmon examines legal wrangling over purchase of Picasso work Bust of a Woman (Marie-Therese) by Sheikh Jassim bin Abdulaziz al-Thani of Qatar; sale was invalidated after gallery owner Larry Gagosian claimed to have bought same work in 2015; shares hope that court procedures over piece will proceed slowly, leaving Picasso's work on display at the Museum of Modern Art, courtesy of Gagosian, for as long as possible. 

Scott Walker has turned his state into a laboratory for the evisceration of labor. Scott Walker has turned his state into a laboratory for the evisceration of labor. Op-Ed article by writer and musician Dan Kaufman describes how Wisconsin Gov Scott Walker returned to state following his unsuccessful presidential bid and continued where he left off in dismantling its century-old progressive legacy; warns of bill supported by Walker that will corrupt state's Civil Service, which is prime example of conservatives' efforts to destroy organized labor.

What matters about Bill Clinton’s sexual past is what we still don’t know about it. What matters about Bill Clinton’s sexual past is what we still don’t know about it. Ross Douthat Op-Ed column underscores degree to which former Pres Bill Clinton's sexual past is still mystery; suggests Clinton's sexual history may come to be issue in Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, depending on what, if anything, has been hidden.

Many evangelical undergrads are thoughtful critics of elite universities. Many evangelical undergrads are thoughtful critics of elite universities. Molly Worthen Op-Ed article describes speaking to number of evangelical students who attend secular universities about their experiences on campus; notes their responses offer vastly different picture than one painted by conservative Christians, who view secular universities as bastions of unbelief and liberal ideology.

Some policies pushed by advocates of gun safety laws don’t reduce gun deaths. That doesn’t mean we shouldn’t try; we just need a new approach. Some policies pushed by advocates of gun safety laws don’t reduce gun deaths. That doesn’t mean we shouldn’t try; we just need a new approach. Nicholas Kristof Op-Ed column offers up facts about firearms and gun violence that could help make debate over gun control in America less ideological and based instead on verifiable evidence; argues that fact-based discourse will go long way toward finding solutions that can save thousands of lives every year.  

The egomaniacal billionaire has something on the line in Iowa that no other Republican does. The egomaniacal billionaire has something on the line in Iowa that no other Republican does. Frank Bruni Op-Ed column observes Donald Trump has created obstacle in his path to Republican nomination by glorifying winning above all, which places him in awkward position should he not finish in first in early primaries and caucuses; notes as result Iowa poses particular peril for Trump's candidacy.

I won’t live to see how civilization gets out of this mess. But I have hope. I won’t live to see how civilization gets out of this mess. But I have hope. Op-Ed article by former astronaut Piers J Sellers describes how discovering he has Stage 4 pancreatic cancer has only intensified desire to continue his work at NASA researching planet's climate and weather; underscores importance of bracing for critical adaptations that will be necessary in order to address climate change.

Delaying the completion of a project may actually make you more creative. Delaying the completion of a project may actually make you more creative. Op-Ed article by Wharton School Prof Adam Grant disputes notion that procrastination is inherently negative; underscores how procrastination, while vice in terms of productivity, is virtue for creativity; describes teaching himself how to procrastinate effectively.

A former weapons inspector on sci-fi books, heavy metal and the joy of chopping wood. A former weapons inspector on sci-fi books, heavy metal and the joy of chopping wood. Download interview with Rocco Casagrande, managing director of consulting company Gryphon Scientific, who offers recommendations for books and other forms of entertainment.

Brett Smiley, who was poised for Bowie-like glam rock fame in the 1970s, should be mourned, too. Brett Smiley, who was poised for Bowie-like glam rock fame in the 1970s, should be mourned, too. Op-Ed article by author Josh Max eulogizes singer and songwriter Brett Smiley, who died two days before David Bowie; describes Smiley's brush with fame, and his subsequent descent into obscurity.

The Reconstruction era had an oddly familiar mix of racial struggle and populist outrage that left blacks the losers. The Reconstruction era had an oddly familiar mix of racial struggle and populist outrage that left blacks the losers. Op-Ed article by historian Jon Grinspan warns that public anger toward government makes it harder to tackle racial injustice, citing fact that, in 1870s, frustration with government trumped efforts to end Reconstruction; suggests if Americans today can keep both issue of racial justice and frustration with government in focus at same time, country could accomplish unprecedented change.

Performance metrics in medicine and education are increasingly getting in the way of quality. Performance metrics in medicine and education are increasingly getting in the way of quality. Op-Ed article by Prof Robert M Wachter warns that health care and education industries have become overly reliant on measurements and metrics, which has lead to loss of focus on what is important in both fields; suggests critical hands-on approach in such professions, ostensibly aimed at helping people, is being squeezed out of the equation by numerical evaluations of doctors and teachers.

Readers discuss a letter from a retired diplomat that argued that the founders designed the Constitution to have “flexibility to respond to change.” Readers discuss a letter from a retired diplomat that argued that the founders designed the Constitution to have “flexibility to respond to change.” 

Gunfire raged through the night as armed forces from Burkina Faso, assisted by French and American forces, stormed the popular downtown area where attackers had set off explosives. Gunfire raged through the night as armed forces from Burkina Faso, assisted by French and American forces, stormed the popular downtown area where attackers had set off explosives. Armed assailants carry out 15-hour seige of popular area of Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, leaving 28 people dead; officials blame affiliate of Al Qaeda for attack, leaving nation to grapple with reality that Islamic extremism it has evaded for years has reached across its borders.

Sergei Starikov, the new hockey coach at South Brunswick High School, has lived many lives. Sergei Starikov, the new hockey coach at South Brunswick High School, has lived many lives. Profile of South Brunswick High School hockey coach Sergei Starikov, former star defenseman for Soviet Union’s national hockey team and NHL pioneer.

Readers sound off on the latest headlines in Sports. Readers sound off on the latest headlines in Sports. 

The agreement to sign Davis, who accepted a seven-year, $161 million deal, may mean Cespedes, another free agent Baltimore courted, would take a short-term contract with New York. The agreement to sign Davis, who accepted a seven-year, $161 million deal, may mean Cespedes, another free agent Baltimore courted, would take a short-term contract with New York. Baltimore Orioles and first baseman Chris Davis reach contract agreement, development giving New York Mets greater hope they can land center fielder Yoenis Cespedes.

The videotaped apology from the singer, Chou Tzu-yu, with the K-pop band Twice, was addressed in a victory speech by Taiwan’s president-elect. The videotaped apology from the singer, Chou Tzu-yu, with the K-pop band Twice, was addressed in a victory speech by Taiwan’s president-elect. 

Playing a role as the voice of ships in distress for nautical trainees gives an American living in China a sense of absurdity, and acceptance. Playing a role as the voice of ships in distress for nautical trainees gives an American living in China a sense of absurdity, and acceptance. Veronique Greenwood On Work column explains why, as American expatriot living in China, she felt more accepted there once she took job providing the voice of native English speaker in recordings used to teach English language. 

Isaac Hamilton, 21, and Daniel, 19, are making names for themselves this season on opposite coasts &#8212; Daniel at Connecticut and Isaac at U.C.L.A. Isaac Hamilton, 21, and Daniel, 19, are making names for themselves this season on opposite coasts &#8212; Daniel at Connecticut and Isaac at U.C.L.A. 

Hillary Clinton’s campaign denounced an ad for Bernie Sanders in Iowa and New Hampshire, calling it a negative attack — a characterization Mr. Sanders’s team denied. Hillary Clinton’s campaign denounced an ad for Bernie Sanders in Iowa and New Hampshire, calling it a negative attack — a characterization Mr. Sanders’s team denied. Text of televised ad released in Iowa and New Hampshire by 2016 presidential candidate Senator Bernard Sanders, evoking strong response from Clinton campaign, highlighted and analyzed; television ads from Republican presidential candidates noted. 

A customer of Payless Car Rental tries to complain of a long wait and finds herself trapped in a loop of returned emails. The company’s sister division Budget, however, gets it right. A customer of Payless Car Rental tries to complain of a long wait and finds herself trapped in a loop of returned emails. The company’s sister division Budget, however, gets it right. David Segal The Haggler column helps Payless Car Rental client get restitution for poor rental experience; ponders why company, owned by Avis Budget Group, provides lower level of customer service than fellow group member Budget.

The buyer and seller of Forbes magazine, which is famous for listing the world’s wealthiest people, have accused each other of being short on cash. The buyer and seller of Forbes magazine, which is famous for listing the world’s wealthiest people, have accused each other of being short on cash. Robert Frank Inside Wealth column examines escalating legal battle between Forbes family and Integrated Whale Media Investments, entity that purchased 95 percent of Forbes Media in 2014 for $415 million. 

Advisers to Mrs. Clinton, including the former president Bill Clinton, believe that her campaign made serious miscalculations by failing to undercut Mr. Sanders’s message early in the race. Advisers to Mrs. Clinton, including the former president Bill Clinton, believe that her campaign made serious miscalculations by failing to undercut Mr. Sanders’s message early in the race. Hillary Clinton's advisers are grappling with worries that her safe approach to Democratic primary race, particularly her failure to attack Bernie Sanders early on, may have given Sanders significant edge; Clinton supporters also cite too few debates, lack of competitive primary field and Sanders's unexpected surge in popularity and fundraising as causes for concern.

Golden State is off to a 37-4 start, going 19-0 at Oracle Arena, but it is not guaranteed of getting home-court advantage for the postseason: The Spurs are just two games back. Golden State is off to a 37-4 start, going 19-0 at Oracle Arena, but it is not guaranteed of getting home-court advantage for the postseason: The Spurs are just two games back. Keeping Score column; San Antonio Spurs are tight on heels of Golden State Warriors, making it possible that, despite 37-3 start to season, Warriors will not have home-court advantage for postseason. 

For the last regular installment of At the Table, we visit the Place, a warm, stone-walled restaurant in the West Village that has a fireplace burning to chase away the chill of winter. For the last regular installment of At the Table, we visit the Place, a warm, stone-walled restaurant in the West Village that has a fireplace burning to chase away the chill of winter. Scene at The Place, West Village eatery offering Pan-European and New American fare, described as group of Norwegian academics dine.  

Saeed Abedini, Amir Hekmati and Jason Rezaian are among the American citizens who have been held in Iran. Saeed Abedini, Amir Hekmati and Jason Rezaian are among the American citizens who have been held in Iran. 

Ms. Castro, who works at the Folsom Women’s Facility in California, says it’s important to spend time reassuring the inmates when they’re having problems. Ms. Castro, who works at the Folsom Women’s Facility in California, says it’s important to spend time reassuring the inmates when they’re having problems. Vocations column;  Sergeant E Castro, correctional supervisor at California's Folsom Women's Facility, discusses her field and career.

A weekly comic strip featured in the Sunday Review. A weekly comic strip featured in the Sunday Review. 

The case was a first for the United States, and the child’s mother, who had lived in Brazil, probably was infected by a mosquito bite there last year, the state department said. The case was a first for the United States, and the child’s mother, who had lived in Brazil, probably was infected by a mosquito bite there last year, the state department said. Baby born with brain damage in Hawaii is found to have been infected with Zika virus, first such reported case within United States; baby's mother presumably contracted virus in Brazil, where it has been linked to thousands of cases of infant brain damage.

With the caucuses weeks away, a road trip reaffirms that our nation, beginning with Iowa, is full of unsung surprises. With the caucuses weeks away, a road trip reaffirms that our nation, beginning with Iowa, is full of unsung surprises. 

The low-key reception for the expected lifting of sanctions reflects multiple disappointments and broken promises. The low-key reception for the expected lifting of sanctions reflects multiple disappointments and broken promises. Iranians give muted response to lifting of economic sanctions following country's compliance with nuclear agreement; lack of celebration reflects skepticism about deal's impact on their lives and mixed feelings over sacrifices county made to rejoin global economy. 

This week our subjects are unbearably hot apartments; home swapping; and co-op reserve funds. This week our subjects are unbearably hot apartments; home swapping; and co-op reserve funds. Real Estate Q&A answers questions form around New York on co-op unit that is unbearably hot in winter, temporary co-op swaps and how much to keep in co-op's reserve fund.

Roles as music-biz manipulators in “Love & Mercy” and “Straight Outta Compton” and as an angry juror on “Inside Amy Schumer” have led him to a good-guy part in “Billions.” Roles as music-biz manipulators in “Love & Mercy” and “Straight Outta Compton” and as an angry juror on “Inside Amy Schumer” have led him to a good-guy part in “Billions.” Actor Paul Giamatti has had busy year, starring in upcoming Showtime series Billions, playing supporting roles in musical biopics Straight Outta Compton and Love & Mercy and performing in episode of comedy series Inside Amy Schumer; highlights from each of his performances noted. 

Apple Music gains ground, an initiative on self-driving cars and a sensible move from Foursquare — with a twist of “cool-kid” slang. Apple Music gains ground, an initiative on self-driving cars and a sensible move from Foursquare — with a twist of “cool-kid” slang. 

Word of the exchange came just before longstanding economic sanctions on Iran were lifted under terms of the historic nuclear deal reached in July. Word of the exchange came just before longstanding economic sanctions on Iran were lifted under terms of the historic nuclear deal reached in July. Iran releases four captive Iranian-Americans, including Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian, in exchange for seven Iranians held by United States.

Faced with dwindling populations and rising costs, tiny localities like Cary Plantation find that their only salvation might be in dissolving themselves. Faced with dwindling populations and rising costs, tiny localities like Cary Plantation find that their only salvation might be in dissolving themselves. Residents of ever-dwindling town of Cary Plantation, Maine, begin process of legally dismantling town in hopes of ridding themselves of unaffordable property taxes; effort is underway to have residents become part of Unorganized Territory, vast swath of forest and townships in north, central and eastern Maine run in partnership by state and counties. 

The mogul’s purchase of the Plaza Hotel in 1988 offers insight into the methods and thinking of a deal maker turned presidential candidate. The mogul’s purchase of the Plaza Hotel in 1988 offers insight into the methods and thinking of a deal maker turned presidential candidate. How Donald J Trump won Manhattan's famed Plaza Hotel, only to lose it in bankruptcy within few years, may say much about strengths and weaknesses of Republican presidential candidate in business negotiations and management.

The writer spent decades in the obscurity of punk poet-dom. Now, as Jill Soloway’s girlfriend, that is no longer the case. The writer spent decades in the obscurity of punk poet-dom. Now, as Jill Soloway’s girlfriend, that is no longer the case. Brooks Barnes Scene Stealers column profiles poet Eileen Myles, who spent decades in obscurity before being brought into limelight with movie Grandma and television series Transparent, which both showcase her poetry. 

Despite being a rock legend, the musician was an apparition in Manhattan, able to walk the city streets unrecognized. Despite being a rock legend, the musician was an apparition in Manhattan, able to walk the city streets unrecognized. Late rock legend David Bowie always had affinity for New York City, where he and his wife Iman spent almost their entire marriage--more than 20 years--as residents; was often able to blend in and walk along streets of city without being recognized by the public.

Joaquín Guzmán Loera’s meeting with the movie star Sean Penn gave the authorities a break they needed to help recapture him. So did a big order of tacos. Joaquín Guzmán Loera’s meeting with the movie star Sean Penn gave the authorities a break they needed to help recapture him. So did a big order of tacos. Drug kingpin Joaquin Guzman Loera's final flight from Mexican authorities involved slog through sewers, carjackings, days of survival in mountains and taco order that tipped police off to his hiding place; Guzman's capture brings to close one of Mexico's most exhaustive manhunts and points to his potent symbolic power and threat to Mexican authorities' attempts to define their country's image.

Voters were expected to give Ms. Tsai’s Democratic Progressive Party control of the legislature, giving her broad authority to push her policies in office. Voters were expected to give Ms. Tsai’s Democratic Progressive Party control of the legislature, giving her broad authority to push her policies in office. Taiwan elects Tsai Ing-wen as first female president and gives her party control of legislature; new government will focus on reviving country's stalled economy, maintaining its independence from China and investigating previous regime's alleged abuses.

Williams, who has not played a meaningful match in four months and has dealt with knee problems, said she was at “120, 130 percent” for the Australian Open. Williams, who has not played a meaningful match in four months and has dealt with knee problems, said she was at “120, 130 percent” for the Australian Open. Serena Williams assures her fans, as well as her potential opponents, that she is healthy and ready to defend her Australian Open title.

As owners seek the right balance between great food at a good price, the restaurant’s menu continues to evolve. As owners seek the right balance between great food at a good price, the restaurant’s menu continues to evolve. Rand Richards Cooper reviews Prospect Cafe in West Hartford (Metropolitan/Connecticut).

The restaurant and bar reopened under new management in 2008. The owners decided to keep much of its charm intact. The restaurant and bar reopened under new management in 2008. The owners decided to keep much of its charm intact. Steve Reddicliffe reviews restaurant and bar Rye Roadhouse in Rye (Metropolitan/Westchester).

“America is a melting pot of cultures, and so is my food,” said George Kalivas, the chef and owner of the Plum and the Pear, which opened last year in Wyckoff. “America is a melting pot of cultures, and so is my food,” said George Kalivas, the chef and owner of the Plum and the Pear, which opened last year in Wyckoff. Shivani Vora reviews restaurant Plum and the Pear in Wyckoff (Metropolitan/New Jersey).

After its predecessor burned down, Mazi emerged with a sleeker space and a more varied Mediterranean menu. After its predecessor burned down, Mazi emerged with a sleeker space and a more varied Mediterranean menu. Kurt Wenzel reviews restaurant Mazi in Riverhead (Metropolitan/Long Island).

In an exhibition at the Fairfield Museum, contemporary artisans display their works alongside pieces made by their counterparts of centuries ago. In an exhibition at the Fairfield Museum, contemporary artisans display their works alongside pieces made by their counterparts of centuries ago. Exhibition Handcrafted: Artisans Past and Present at Fairfield Museum and History Center explores history of artisanal traditions in Fairfield County (Metropolitan/Connecticut). 

In “Portraying Artists: Photographs by Walter Weissman,” on view through Feb. 21, Mr. Weissman captures celebrities from a fly-on-the-wall perspective. In “Portraying Artists: Photographs by Walter Weissman,” on view through Feb. 21, Mr. Weissman captures celebrities from a fly-on-the-wall perspective. Exhibit Portraying Artists: Photographs by Walter Weissman, at Guild Hall in East Hampton, displays photos of prestigious artists and other celebrities snapped by Weissman at East End events (Metropolitan/Long Island). 

The Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center presents programs all over the world, from Seoul, South Korea, to Pleasant Hill, Ky., and now the society plans to increase its audience upstate, too. The Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center presents programs all over the world, from Seoul, South Korea, to Pleasant Hill, Ky., and now the society plans to increase its audience upstate, too. David Finckel and Wu Han, artistic directors of Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center, have established three-year residency at Purchase College’s Performing Arts Center, established in 2014; say endeavor has been a win-win, offering local residents opportunity to hear internationally known artists, expanding pool of Lincoln Center devotees, and lifting reputation of college’s conservatory.

Melancholy crosses genres. Adele, Nick Drake and Slayer are all mournful in their own ways. Melancholy crosses genres. Adele, Nick Drake and Slayer are all mournful in their own ways. Ben Ratliff reflects upon what makes a sad listening experience, as detailed in his book Every Song Ever: Twenty Ways to Listen in an Age of Musical Plenty.

Decades after taking over a Brooklyn laundry, a Chinese immigrant couple continues to uphold the unusual request made by the shop’s previous owner. Decades after taking over a Brooklyn laundry, a Chinese immigrant couple continues to uphold the unusual request made by the shop’s previous owner. Michael and Judy Huang, owners of San Toy Laundry in Park Slope since 1980s, discuss experience of operating hand laundry, neighborhood fixture since 1903.  

If there’s a revolution in fashion, it’s about men’s wear. If there’s a revolution in fashion, it’s about men’s wear. Bill Cunningham shares photos of men in New York City wearing stylish coats in cold weather.

There are correlations between them. But what does that mean? There are correlations between them. But what does that mean? Gray Matter column by economics professor Marc F Bellemare describes his research into whether outbreaks of food-borne illness are linked to number of farmers markets in each state; notes number of positive correlations between increase in number of farmers markets and food-borne illnesses; calls for more research on subject.

Top high-yield bond funds, a.k.a. junk funds, are down as much as 11 percent since summer of 2014, and market volatility points conservative investors toward safer bets. Top high-yield bond funds, a.k.a. junk funds, are down as much as 11 percent since summer of 2014, and market volatility points conservative investors toward safer bets. Junk bonds took beating in 2015, with average high-yield fund losing 4 percent, first decline for entire calendar year since 2008; experts blame steep dive in commodity prices for creating cash flow pinch that led to debt defaults, and offer divided opinions on what investors should do. 

Although the events that unfolded at the Osborn Playground on Jan. 7 are still unclear, what seems obvious is the inconsistency with which “broken windows” policing is practiced. Although the events that unfolded at the Osborn Playground on Jan. 7 are still unclear, what seems obvious is the inconsistency with which “broken windows” policing is practiced. Ginia Bellafante Big City Column challenges New York Police Dept's commitment to its broken windows philosophy, noting insufficient maintenance of lighting and security in Brownsville public areas that is allowing crime to flourish.

Helaine Olen and Harold Pollack offer financial planning tips you can fit on an index card, and Jane Bryant Quinn writes about having enough money in retirement. Helaine Olen and Harold Pollack offer financial planning tips you can fit on an index card, and Jane Bryant Quinn writes about having enough money in retirement. Paul B Brown Off the Shelf column reviews books The Index Card: Why Personal Finance Doesn’t Have to Be Complicated by Helaine Olen and Harold Pollack and How to Make Your Money Last: The Indispensable Retirement Guide by Jane Bryant Quinn. 

Exchange-traded funds suffered huge losses when stocks plummeted in early trading on Aug. 24, revealing hidden dangers in short-term trading of the funds. Exchange-traded funds suffered huge losses when stocks plummeted in early trading on Aug. 24, revealing hidden dangers in short-term trading of the funds. Analysis of late August 2015 stock market session reveals how trading feature of exchange-traded funds can skew pricing and be costly liability if markets plunge; strategists offer insights on how to avoid pitfall. 

In moderation, consumer debt can help encourage economic activity, but in excess, it can create bubbles that threaten the economy. In moderation, consumer debt can help encourage economic activity, but in excess, it can create bubbles that threaten the economy. Analysts predict increases in American consumer debt and defaults on bank cards, first mortgages and auto loans may create another economic bubble.

Business leaders have become social-media crazy, with interesting implications for both court cases and the volume of information available to investors. Business leaders have become social-media crazy, with interesting implications for both court cases and the volume of information available to investors. John Schwartz essay examines why some corporate rule-breakers have insisted on airing their cases, and grievances, on social media, against better advice of attorneys and consultants; notes that corporate leaders may have personality-driven desire to win over public opinion. 

More investors are committing money to socially responsible funds, and companies are rolling out offerings. But it can be hard to determine what funds will and won’t invest in. More investors are committing money to socially responsible funds, and companies are rolling out offerings. But it can be hard to determine what funds will and won’t invest in. Ethical investors face challenges in understanding exact makeup of socially responsible mutual funds, sector that is experiencing significant growth; fund managers define rules differently, and funds can be comprised of hundreds of stocks that are difficult to parse. 

Investments in well-known tech giants like Amazon, Microsoft and Google fueled three top-performing funds in the fourth quarter. Investments in well-known tech giants like Amazon, Microsoft and Google fueled three top-performing funds in the fourth quarter. Mutual fund managers Gavin S Baker, Cindy J Starke and Robert W Kleinschmidt explain how investing in tech giants and popular brands made their funds top performers for fourth quarter of 2015. 

It’s not the first time emerging-market stock funds have lost ground, so playing this volatile group of stocks for the long term may be worthwhile in the end. It’s not the first time emerging-market stock funds have lost ground, so playing this volatile group of stocks for the long term may be worthwhile in the end. Money managers and market strategists say current low prices of emerging market stocks now makes them great buy as long term investment. 

Ben Rawlence discusses “City of Thorns” and Janice Y. K. Lee talks about “The Expatriates.” Ben Rawlence discusses “City of Thorns” and Janice Y. K. Lee talks about “The Expatriates.” 

Helen Salogub is the first woman to lead the Midget Squadron Yacht Club in Canarsie, a 116-year-old group for boating, fishing, cocktails and camaraderie. Helen Salogub is the first woman to lead the Midget Squadron Yacht Club in Canarsie, a 116-year-old group for boating, fishing, cocktails and camaraderie. Corey Kilgannon Character Study column profiles Helen Salogub, Brooklyn resident and only female member of the Midget Squadron Yacht Club in Canarsie's Paerdegat Basin; Salogub was elected commodore in December, making her first woman to hold title in boating club's 116-year history.

Smith, a 6-foot-11 center, played on men’s basketball national runner-up teams in 2010 and 2011 and finished with 1,147 points and 648 rebounds. Smith, a 6-foot-11 center, played on men’s basketball national runner-up teams in 2010 and 2011 and finished with 1,147 points and 648 rebounds. Andrew Smith, promising basketball player for Butler University who reached two Final Four teams that went on to NCAA championship games twice, dies at age 25.

Investors were pummeled by a volatile but flat market in 2015. And with the current headwinds, the short-term economic outlook seems daunting. Investors were pummeled by a volatile but flat market in 2015. And with the current headwinds, the short-term economic outlook seems daunting. Market gains made in last three months of 2015 evened out hectic year overall, with Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index down just 0.7 percent; analysts predict same market chaos for 2016 due to  local and global economic uncertainties. 

The senior pastor at First Corinthian Baptist Church in Harlem often talks about the teachings of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. — and encourages his congregants to participate with their phones. The senior pastor at First Corinthian Baptist Church in Harlem often talks about the teachings of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. — and encourages his congregants to participate with their phones. Rev Michael A Walrond Jr, senior pastor at First Corinthian Baptist Church, 9,000-member congregation in Harlem, describes his typical Sunday routine. 

For about 40 years, inmates could use a run at Clinton Correctional Facility in Dannemora, N.Y., that would launch them airborne for about 50 feet. For about 40 years, inmates could use a run at Clinton Correctional Facility in Dannemora, N.Y., that would launch them airborne for about 50 feet. FYI column answers question about ski jump inside Clinton Correctional Facility in Dannemora, NY, in use from about 1951 to 1996 and dismantled in 1992 for safety reasons.

Hall, 33, whose training methods helped him run a 2:04:58 at Boston in 2011, said the training took a toll on his body: He now has extreme fatigue and chronically low testosterone levels. Hall, 33, whose training methods helped him run a 2:04:58 at Boston in 2011, said the training took a toll on his body: He now has extreme fatigue and chronically low testosterone levels. Profile of Ryan Hall, America’s fastest marathoner; Hall says extreme training has taken toll on his body, leading to his decision to retire from sport he loves.

Andrew Livingston, the majority owner of Knickerbocker Mfg. Co., a clothing company, lives in Williamsburg in a converted church. Andrew Livingston, the majority owner of Knickerbocker Mfg. Co., a clothing company, lives in Williamsburg in a converted church. Fashion entrepreneur Andrew Livingston loves his two-bedroom duplex in converted Catholic Church in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, where he displays photos of iconic American men and various carefully curated vintage object collections.

Andrew Livingston, the majority owner of the Knickerbocker Mfg. Co., a clothing company, lives and trend-spots in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Andrew Livingston, the majority owner of the Knickerbocker Mfg. Co., a clothing company, lives and trend-spots in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. 

Online romance scams bilk people out of more than $200 million a year, but humans’ hard-wiring makes the frauds hard to stop. Online romance scams bilk people out of more than $200 million a year, but humans’ hard-wiring makes the frauds hard to stop. News Analysis; FBI investigations show that users of dating websites and apps were fleeced of over $200 million in 2015; experts say those looking for love are particularly susceptible to scams, even if they are otherwise intelligent and prudent.

A fully renovated 1905 townhouse on a prime, tree-lined street in Greenwich Village was the sale of the week. A fully renovated 1905 townhouse on a prime, tree-lined street in Greenwich Village was the sale of the week. Big Ticket column; gut-renovated 1905 Greek Revival townhouse at 146 Waverly Place in Greenwich Village is New York City's highest residential sale of week, closing at $23,282,932.60.

A five-story Greek Revival townhouse in Greenwich Village sold for $23.28 million. A five-story Greek Revival townhouse in Greenwich Village sold for $23.28 million. 

Rankin’s latest novel illustrates the tensions between Scotland’s two major cities. Rankin’s latest novel illustrates the tensions between Scotland’s two major cities. Marilyn Stasio reviews crime novels Even Dogs in the Wild by Ian Rankin, Angels Burning by Tawni O’Dell, What She Knew by Gilly Macmillan and The Shut Eye by Belinda Bauer. 

With the caucuses weeks away, a road trip reaffirms that our nation, beginning with Iowa, is full of unsung surprises. With the caucuses weeks away, a road trip reaffirms that our nation, beginning with Iowa, is full of unsung surprises. Robert Draper travel article shares side journeys taken during road trip to Iowa, as political journalist, for 2016 presidential caucuses; describes visits to areas of state far from bustling Des Moines, meeting many of state's welcoming residents and finding unique museums and historic sites along route. 

New books by Stuart Evers, Diane Williams, Amber Sparks and Valerie Trueblood. New books by Stuart Evers, Diane Williams, Amber Sparks and Valerie Trueblood. Rachel Syme reviews short story collections Your Father Sends His Love: Stories by Stuart Evers, Fine, Fine, Fine, Fine, Fine: Stories by Diane Williams, The Unfinished World: And Other Stories by Amber Sparks and Criminals: Love Stories by Valerie Trueblood. 

North Korea’s mysterious abduction program targeted Japanese citizens. North Korea’s mysterious abduction program targeted Japanese citizens. Sheila Miyoshi Jager reviews book The Invitation-Only Zone: The True Story of North Korea's Abduction Project by Robert S Boynton. 

A novel pairs a Muslim’s arrest in present-day Scotland with a captivity narrative set in the Caucasian War. A novel pairs a Muslim’s arrest in present-day Scotland with a captivity narrative set in the Caucasian War. Erica Wagner reviews book The Kindness of Enemies by Leila Aboulela. 

A story of Iranians who studied in England in the 19th century. A story of Iranians who studied in England in the 19th century. Anita Anand reviews book The Love of Strangers: What Six Muslim Students Learned in Jane Austen's London by Nile Green. 

Betancourt’s heroine sees things through others’ eyes. Betancourt’s heroine sees things through others’ eyes. Nina Burleigh reviews book The Blue Line by Ingrid Betancourt. 

Fiction inspired by the 1999 World Trade Organization protests.  Fiction inspired by the 1999 World Trade Organization protests. Jenny Hendrix reviews debut novel Your Heart Is a Muscle the Size of a Fist by Sunil  Yapa. 

A marathoner enters a wealthy country illegally in Hill’s novel. A marathoner enters a wealthy country illegally in Hill’s novel. Monica Ali reviews book The Illegal by Lawrence Hill. 

A Japanese-American family is separated by war and migration. A Japanese-American family is separated by war and migration. Gary Kamiya reviews book Midnight in Broad Daylight: A Japanese American Family Caught Between Two Worlds by Pamela Rotner Sakamoto. 

A look at unfree labor and its link to environmental damage. A look at unfree labor and its link to environmental damage. Jedediah Purdy reviews book Blood and Earth: Modern Slavery, Ecocide, and the Secret to Saving the World by Kevin Bales. 

An account of 16th-century Portugal’s brutal grip on the East. An account of 16th-century Portugal’s brutal grip on the East. Ian Morris reviews book Conquerors: How Portugal Forged the First Global Empire by Roger Crowley. 

Four picture books about making pals, solving disagreements and being O.K. with others’ quirks (and your own). Four picture books about making pals, solving disagreements and being O.K. with others’ quirks (and your own). Leonard S Marcus reviews children's books Strictly No Elephants by Lisa Mantchev, The Almost Terrible Playdate by Richard Torrey, Big Friends by Linda Sarah and Benji Davies and Be a Friend by Salina Yoon. 

Strategists say investors may be focusing too much on the role energy has played in recent declines, even as they underestimate other risks. Strategists say investors may be focusing too much on the role energy has played in recent declines, even as they underestimate other risks. Gretchen Morgenson Fair Game column warns decline of junk bonds is not over and cites strategists' concerns that investors are so focused on role energy has played in decline they are underestimating way in which low cash reserves, foreign currency and other factors also impact high-yield debt market.

After clustering around 57th Street for the last few years, super-tall condominiums are turning up in other neighborhoods. After clustering around 57th Street for the last few years, super-tall condominiums are turning up in other neighborhoods. Controversy over super-tall residential skyscrapers in Manhattan may move from Midtown to Upper East Side, with development of 521 foot tall condominium at 180 East 88th Street; building's height affords panoramic views, lobby design is inspired by Antonio Gaudi and  amenities include basketball court and wine storage.

A middle-grade novel recounts a Japanese-American family’s life in a World War II detention camp.   A middle-grade novel recounts a Japanese-American family’s life in a World War II detention camp. Naomi Hirahara reviews children's book Paper Wishes by Lois Sepahban.  

The heroes of the first book of Bracken’s new series come from families that can leap through time and space. The heroes of the first book of Bracken’s new series come from families that can leap through time and space. Matthew Jobin reviews children's book Passenger by Alexandra Bracken.  

An intimate look inside the world’s largest refugee settlement, on the Kenya-Somalia border. An intimate look inside the world’s largest refugee settlement, on the Kenya-Somalia border. Caroline Moorehead reviews book City of Thorns: Nine Lives in the World's Largest Refugee Camp by Ben Rawlence. 

Information on sales in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. Information on sales in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. 

Novels of recent years have brought the issue of refugees to wider attention. Novels of recent years have brought the issue of refugees to wider attention. 

Recently reviewed books of particular interest. Recently reviewed books of particular interest. 

Paperback books of particular interest. Paperback books of particular interest. 

Readers respond to recent reviews of “Black Box Thinking,” “Failure” and more. Readers respond to recent reviews of “Black Box Thinking,” “Failure” and more. 

This week’s properties are in Union Square, Chelsea and Park Slope, Brooklyn. This week’s properties are in Union Square, Chelsea and Park Slope, Brooklyn. 

This week’s properties include a five-bedroom in Irvington, N.Y., and a seven-bedroom in Teaneck, N.J. This week’s properties include a five-bedroom in Irvington, N.Y., and a seven-bedroom in Teaneck, N.J. 

This week’s properties include a five-bedroom in Irvington, N.Y., and a seven-bedroom in Teaneck, N.J. This week’s properties include a five-bedroom in Irvington, N.Y., and a seven-bedroom in Teaneck, N.J. 

This week’s properties are in Union Square, Chelsea and Park Slope, Brooklyn. This week’s properties are in Union Square, Chelsea and Park Slope, Brooklyn. 

Decades after President Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act, the gender pay gap is still with us, but there are several strategies that could erase it. Decades after President Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act, the gender pay gap is still with us, but there are several strategies that could erase it. The Upshot; Claire Cain Miller Economic View column offers solutions from sociologists, policy makers and executives on how to close unequal pay gap between women and men. 

New York City real estate continues to sell for astronomical prices, but there are signs the market is heading back toward earth. New York City real estate continues to sell for astronomical prices, but there are signs the market is heading back toward earth. Experts say flurry of reductions in asking prices for New York luxury properties is due to surplus of apartments and return to more realistic pricing, not necessarily sign of market downturn.

Selected by Natasha Trethewey. Selected by Natasha Trethewey. 

Get the right equipment. Line up temporary sitters just in case. Get the right equipment. Line up temporary sitters just in case. Malia Wollan Tip column shares advice from Licia Ronzulli, Member of European Parliament, on how to comfortably bring baby to work.

The head of Oberoi Hotels talks about his company’s past and future. The head of Oberoi Hotels talks about his company’s past and future. Travel Q&A offers excerpts from interview with Prithvi Raj Singh Oberoi, development and expansion executive with New Delhi-based hotel chain Oberoi Hotels and Resorts; discusses history of family-owned business and highlights some of chain's 30 properties, mostly within India. 

Desperate attempts to track down an Internet swindler in person. Desperate attempts to track down an Internet swindler in person. Laura Bauerlein Lives interview with Anna Mazzobel in which she describes traveling to Spain from her home in Italy to track down and confront scam artist who tricked her out of money online; says she never caught man, who was later revealed to be operating in Romania, but reveals adventure proved beneficial in its own right.

Readers react. Readers react. 

At a hatchery on the Klamath River, biologists are using genetic techniques to reduce inbreeding, though some argue natural methods are more effective. At a hatchery on the Klamath River, biologists are using genetic techniques to reduce inbreeding, though some argue natural methods are more effective. Geneticist John Carlos Garza has undertaken effort to save California's salmon stocks by selectively breeding them in attempt to avoid inbreeding that occurs in hatcheries and weakens stock; Garza's work is newest in series of man-made solutions aimed at fixing problem brought on by dams, farming, mining runoff and other dangers to salmon habitats; some question efficacy of human intervention.

James Livengood and Sara Okin started with a dirt-throwing dirt fight by their elementary school. A proposal at the same spot came 16 years later. James Livengood and Sara Okin started with a dirt-throwing dirt fight by their elementary school. A proposal at the same spot came 16 years later. Vows column on wedding of Sara Okin and James Livengood.

James Livengood and Sara Okin started with a dirt-throwing dirt fight by their elementary school. A proposal at the same spot came 16 years later. James Livengood and Sara Okin started with a dirt-throwing dirt fight by their elementary school. A proposal at the same spot came 16 years later. 

Peter Pan Donut & Pastry Shop has served the same neighborhood in Brooklyn since 1953 with an array of confections at reasonable prices. Peter Pan Donut & Pastry Shop has served the same neighborhood in Brooklyn since 1953 with an array of confections at reasonable prices. Neighborhood Joint column on Peter Pan Donut & Pastry Shop, Greenpoint, Brooklyn, bakery established in 1953 that serves traditional donuts and other pastries in retro setting. 

When New Yorkers divorce, some reside in the same neighborhoods, apartment buildings and even houses for the sake of their children and, as it often turns out, for themselves. When New Yorkers divorce, some reside in the same neighborhoods, apartment buildings and even houses for the sake of their children and, as it often turns out, for themselves. Divorced New Yorkers often make unconventional choice to reside in close proximity, even in same building, both to be close to help with child rearing and for financial and emotional reasons. 

Peter Pan Donut & Pastry Shop has been a part of commercial life on Manhattan Avenue in Brooklyn for over 60 years. Peter Pan Donut & Pastry Shop has been a part of commercial life on Manhattan Avenue in Brooklyn for over 60 years. 

“Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat,” starring JC McCann, will be presented at the Tilles Center for the Performing Arts on Jan. 24. “Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat,” starring JC McCann, will be presented at the Tilles Center for the Performing Arts on Jan. 24. 

A musical production of “Bob Marley’s Three Little Birds” based on the children’s book by Cedella Marley, a daughter of Mr. Marley, will take place at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center on Jan. 23. A musical production of “Bob Marley’s Three Little Birds” based on the children’s book by Cedella Marley, a daughter of Mr. Marley, will take place at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center on Jan. 23. 

The oldest such chapter in the country, the New York Young Republican Club is a very old club but a small one. The oldest such chapter in the country, the New York Young Republican Club is a very old club but a small one. New York Young Republican Club members say it is hard to belong to minority party in New York City, where population is overwhelmingly Democrat; group’s constituents, who range in ages from 18 to 40, say Republican stereotypes foisted by party’s current crop of presidential contenders give them even more reason to hide their party affiliation. 

The comedian Mario Cantone will perform on Jan. 21, 22 and 23 at Levity Live, in West Nyack. The comedian Mario Cantone will perform on Jan. 21, 22 and 23 at Levity Live, in West Nyack. 

The new wave and funk band Tom Tom Club will perform on Jan. 23 at 8 p.m. at the Fairfield Theater Company. The new wave and funk band Tom Tom Club will perform on Jan. 23 at 8 p.m. at the Fairfield Theater Company. 

Ms. Kelly, a longtime stand-up comic, discusses her role on a new FX show. Ms. Kelly, a longtime stand-up comic, discusses her role on a new FX show. Snapshot interview with comic Martha Kelly, who discusses her starring role in Zach Galifianakis's FX comedy series Baskets. 

For their second album, the members of this London band worked with more melody but retained their signature rage and dissonance. For their second album, the members of this London band worked with more melody but retained their signature rage and dissonance. Jon Pareles profiles British four-woman band Savages, preparing for release of their second album Adore Life. 

A nasty fight has torn apart the core software developers of Bitcoin, exposing fundamental differences about the virtual currency’s future direction and raising questions of its long-term viability. A nasty fight has torn apart the core software developers of Bitcoin, exposing fundamental differences about the virtual currency’s future direction and raising questions of its long-term viability. British computer programmer Mike Hearn, developer of Bitcoin, announces his departure from Bitcoin altogether; internal dispute that led to his abandonment of the virtual currency has led many to worry about Bitcoin's ultimate viability. 

In movies like “Los Punks” and “Mad Tiger,” filmmakers have been chronicling bands and scenes from China to California, Myanmar to Texas. In movies like “Los Punks” and “Mad Tiger,” filmmakers have been chronicling bands and scenes from China to California, Myanmar to Texas. Spate of new punk documentary films chronicle bands emerging in far-flung places.

The documentarian Manfred Kirchheimer hails 1970s New York subway graffiti in a collection, while “The Short Films of the Quay Brothers” evokes older technology. The documentarian Manfred Kirchheimer hails 1970s New York subway graffiti in a collection, while “The Short Films of the Quay Brothers” evokes older technology. J Hoberman reviews video releases of Manfred Kirchheimer documentary Stations of the Elevated and collection of short animated films by Stephen and Timothy Quay. 

Mr. Packer has reinvigorated the kinds of comedies that focus on black characters without excluding a wider audience. Mr. Packer has reinvigorated the kinds of comedies that focus on black characters without excluding a wider audience. Profile of film and television producer Will Packer, whose latest production is Ride Along 2, starring Kevin Hart. 

Plus: repayment for a funeral visit, standing up for not sitting down, and deciphering backhanded compliments. Plus: repayment for a funeral visit, standing up for not sitting down, and deciphering backhanded compliments. Philip Galanes Social Q's on splitting expenses, unexpected gifts, uncomfortable stares and backhanded compliments.

Caroline Polachek and Patrick Wimberly talk about the eclectic influences that went into the making of their new album. Caroline Polachek and Patrick Wimberly talk about the eclectic influences that went into the making of their new album. Excerpts from conversation with Caroline Polachek and Patrick Wimberly, members of Brooklyn electronic pop duo Chairlift, who discuss their latest album Moth. 

This PBS program explores the rise and fall of a criminal duo. This PBS program explores the rise and fall of a criminal duo. 

The Museum of Modern Art is bringing his work to light with “All That Jack (Cole),” a two-week film and lecture series. The Museum of Modern Art is bringing his work to light with “All That Jack (Cole),” a two-week film and lecture series. 

The two events will bring plenty of international performers to the city, including Lakou Mizik and Pedro Sá Moraes. The two events will bring plenty of international performers to the city, including Lakou Mizik and Pedro Sá Moraes. 

The film “The Rifleman’s Violin” will be followed by a performance by the violinist Stuart Canin, who played for Churchill, Truman and Stalin in 1945. The film “The Rifleman’s Violin” will be followed by a performance by the violinist Stuart Canin, who played for Churchill, Truman and Stalin in 1945. 

The work, composed by a collective of six young American composers, was written for the instrumental ensemble and will be played at Carnegie Hall. The work, composed by a collective of six young American composers, was written for the instrumental ensemble and will be played at Carnegie Hall. 

The Morgan Library & Museum is opening an exhibition on Pierre-Jean Mariette, an 18th-century connoisseur who influenced how drawings are collected and presented. The Morgan Library & Museum is opening an exhibition on Pierre-Jean Mariette, an 18th-century connoisseur who influenced how drawings are collected and presented. 

My grandmother didn’t just teach me to type, but how to rise above others’ disregard. My grandmother didn’t just teach me to type, but how to rise above others’ disregard. Op-Ed article by Bryn Greenwood describes her life-long professional dream to be secretary; observes how profession has changed since 1990s, and examines way many people seem to view secretarial work as demeaning, product of long held view that it is primarily women's work.

The founder of Sprinklr says he has found a naïve belief in people can bring out the best in them. The founder of Sprinklr says he has found a naïve belief in people can bring out the best in them. Adam Bryant Corner Office column features interview with Ragy Thomas, founder and chief executive officer of Sprinklr social media software platform, who discusses his views on life and leadership style.

Why can’t we replace trivial conversations with meaningful ones, and ask each other profound questions right from the start? Why can’t we replace trivial conversations with meaningful ones, and ask each other profound questions right from the start? Tim Boomer Modern Love column describes how he learned, during long vacation in Costa Rica to recover from a broken heart, how making less small talk during first encounters resulted in more meaningful connections.

Working with onetime protégées of the stylist Rachel Zoe, the actress will occasionally stray from the French house and wear Ralph Lauren or Schiaparelli. Working with onetime protégées of the stylist Rachel Zoe, the actress will occasionally stray from the French house and wear Ralph Lauren or Schiaparelli. Actress Jennifer Lawrence, who is up for three Critic's Choice Awards for her roles in movies Joy and The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 2, appears to be experimenting with different styles on the red carpet.

Though the actress has been a proper mannequin for Dior since 2012, a style seems to be slowly emerging. Though the actress has been a proper mannequin for Dior since 2012, a style seems to be slowly emerging. 

Alice Dong, 17, is one of the best chess players in New Jersey, and she wants other girls to know what a confidence-booster the game can be. Alice Dong, 17, is one of the best chess players in New Jersey, and she wants other girls to know what a confidence-booster the game can be. Princeton High School senior Alice Dong conducts free chess camp for girls at Dean of Chess in Branchburg; competitive player, who ranks among top 100 worldwide by United States Chess Federation, says chess teaches patience and confidence, and wants to encourage more girls to play (Metropolitan/New Jersey). 

This performance poet’s latest show is “MotherStruck!,” at the Culture Project. This performance poet’s latest show is “MotherStruck!,” at the Culture Project. Performance poet Staceyann Chin chronicles her quest to have a baby in her latest solo show MotherStruck! at Culture Project. 

The author, most recently, of “The Road to Little Dribbling” says he’s been reading “Anna Karenina” at such a glacial pace that “I have long since lost track of who most of the characters are.” The author, most recently, of “The Road to Little Dribbling” says he’s been reading “Anna Karenina” at such a glacial pace that “I have long since lost track of who most of the characters are.” By the Book interview with author Bill Bryson, whose most recent work is novel The Road to Little Dribbling. 

One reporter's list of wishes to help the game, the players and fans in 2016. One reporter's list of wishes to help the game, the players and fans in 2016. Christopher Clarey On Tennis column shares list of things he would like to see in sport for 2016 as new season approaches.

A new approach to self-improvement is taking off in Silicon Valley: cold, hard rationality. A new approach to self-improvement is taking off in Silicon Valley: cold, hard rationality. Center for Applied Rationality's approach to self-help and self-improvement is taking hold in Silicon Valley; center's philosophy centers on belief that evolution has left human mind riddled with bad habits that can only be overcome through scientific and systematic means of marrying rational and irrational parts of brain.

The apparent impartiality of photographs can conceal as much as it reveals — especially when the subject is violence or prejudice. The apparent impartiality of photographs can conceal as much as it reveals — especially when the subject is violence or prejudice. Teju Cole On Photography column examines ways images of war and any other unsavory subjects, including people, can manipulate viewer perception by revealing or hiding certain aspects of matter at hand. 

Paying tribute to my father and reflecting on a changing country during a four-day trek in the Himalayan foothills. Paying tribute to my father and reflecting on a changing country during a four-day trek in the Himalayan foothills. Anker Heegaard travel article recounts hiking trip in foothillls of Himalayas in Nepal; along with his wife and two children, Heegaard returned to place of his birth for trek that would include a ceremony celebrating life of his late father. 

A stabbing sensation followed by thunderous whooshing in his left ear made it difficult for him to sleep for almost a year. A stabbing sensation followed by thunderous whooshing in his left ear made it difficult for him to sleep for almost a year. 

’Tis the month for cooking with leftover booze. ’Tis the month for cooking with leftover booze. Tamar Adler Eat column shares recipe for boeuf a la mode.

Staying in bed is a chance to take stock of your life. Staying in bed is a chance to take stock of your life. Sheila Heti Letter of Recommendation column advocates unplugging from computer and email during days when one is home sick from work; holds mind's meanderings while sick in bed can offer profound realizations and touts value of resting without doing.

Shosa Karim and Romesh Narain went looking for a home with lots of light. Shosa Karim and Romesh Narain went looking for a home with lots of light. The Hunt column on search by Shosa Karim and Romesh Narain for Queens rental apartment near their families; settle on one-bedroom unit in Alexander at Rego Center, new contemporary building in Rego Park, for $2,535 per month.

Offbeat venues have come in vogue, but when it comes to nuptials in an out-of-the-way spot on a less-than-ideal date, careful planning is a must. Offbeat venues have come in vogue, but when it comes to nuptials in an out-of-the-way spot on a less-than-ideal date, careful planning is a must. Couples that choose offbeat venues and quirky destinations for their weddings must plan carefully to ensure celebration goes off without hitch.

Few outside ballet circles realize the importance of those who play the piano to set the tone for dancers. Few outside ballet circles realize the importance of those who play the piano to set the tone for dancers. Pianists with ballet companies offer often unnoticed but vital contribution to dance performances. 

Mr. Boyer, who just completed his starring role in “Hand to God” on Broadway, is adjusting to a world without Tyrone. Mr. Boyer, who just completed his starring role in “Hand to God” on Broadway, is adjusting to a world without Tyrone. Tony-nominated actor Steven Boyer reflects upon what he is doing with his life now that Broadway run of play Hand to God, in which he played starring role, has ended. 

A new exhibition is devoted to work by an 18th-century calligrapher who specialized in micrography — handwriting so small it’s barely legible to the naked eye. A new exhibition is devoted to work by an 18th-century calligrapher who specialized in micrography — handwriting so small it’s barely legible to the naked eye. Magician Ricky Jay's book Matthias Buchinger: The Greatest German Living explores his fascination with the 18th-century German calligrapher, who was born without hands or feet and grew to only 29 inches tall; Jay has also lent his private collection of Buchinger memorabilia and drawings to Metropolitan Museum of Art for upcoming exhibit.

Mr. Babbitt and his groundbreaking works are the subject of a centenary festival organized by the Juilliard School, where he taught for 37 years. Mr. Babbitt and his groundbreaking works are the subject of a centenary festival organized by the Juilliard School, where he taught for 37 years. Juilliard School's Focus! festival for 2016 will celebrate 100th birthday of composer Milton Babbitt, who died in 2011; event will feature six concerts of Babbitt's work, premieres of pieces from his students and colleagues and performances of music from his favorite composers. 

A journalist becomes part of the story of an outlawed marriage. A journalist becomes part of the story of an outlawed marriage. Rafia Zakaria reviews book The Lovers: Afghanistan's Romeo and Juliet: The True Story of How They Defied Their Families and Escaped an Honor Killing by Rod Nordland. 

A teacher is lured by thoughts of never returning from a trek through Southeast Asia.  A teacher is lured by thoughts of never returning from a trek through Southeast Asia. Lee Child reviews book Hunters in the Dark by Lawrence Osborne. 

Mr. Karam’s 2011 play, “Sons of the Prophet,” was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize. Mr. Karam’s 2011 play, “Sons of the Prophet,” was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize. 

The poet talks about running for president, voting as a sexual act and gender vacationing. The poet talks about running for president, voting as a sexual act and gender vacationing. Ana Marie Cox Talk interview with poet Eileen Myles in which she discusses her mock run for president in 1992, women in politics and male poets.

The Ethicist on a promise to the deceased, videos of police shootings and a property seller’s bogus-call strategy. The Ethicist on a promise to the deceased, videos of police shootings and a property seller’s bogus-call strategy. Kwame Anthony Appiah The Ethicist column answers questions on whether to reveal suspicion father was gay, whether to watch videos of police shootings, making deceitful phone calls to gain in business and deciding whether to visit country that restricts travelers who have been to Israel.

I hereby proclaim an emancipation from tasteless humor. I hereby proclaim an emancipation from tasteless humor. Comedian John Hodgman offers advice on dealing with spouse's exaggerated response to sight of Confederate flag.

Hotels, restaurants, art spaces and festivals are infusing fresh vigor to this former spa haven. Hotels, restaurants, art spaces and festivals are infusing fresh vigor to this former spa haven. Revival of Cheltenham, England, medieval town in Cotswolds, has locals and tourists alike enjoying stylish hotels, restaurants and bars, with art spaces and festivals helping shape vibrant get-away weekends. 

The West 80s is largely a quiet neighborhood of stately older apartment buildings and townhouses, bustling bookstores and cultural institutions. The West 80s is largely a quiet neighborhood of stately older apartment buildings and townhouses, bustling bookstores and cultural institutions. Living In column on Manhattan's West 80s neighborhood. 

Typical of the neighborhood are stately older apartment buildings and townhouses, bustling bookstores and cultural institutions. Typical of the neighborhood are stately older apartment buildings and townhouses, bustling bookstores and cultural institutions. 

The New York broadcaster’s unscripted interviews coupled Jack Paar’s raw candor with Oscar Wilde’s credo that nothing succeeds like excess. The New York broadcaster’s unscripted interviews coupled Jack Paar’s raw candor with Oscar Wilde’s credo that nothing succeeds like excess. Stanley Siegel, New York television host known for candid approach and outrageous interviews on The Stanley Siegel Show, dies at age 79. 

Mike Krzyzewski has become associated with Duke’s rise as a basketball power, but it was his predecessor, Foster, who re-energized the program after it had languished in mediocrity. Mike Krzyzewski has become associated with Duke’s rise as a basketball power, but it was his predecessor, Foster, who re-energized the program after it had languished in mediocrity. Bill Foster, basketball coach who helped guide team at Duke University to national final in 1978, dies at age 86. 

When you are fare hunting, you want to parse the various fare class letters and find out the miles you’ll receive if you fly in those classes. When you are fare hunting, you want to parse the various fare class letters and find out the miles you’ll receive if you fly in those classes. Stephanie Rosenbloom The Getaway column offers tutorial on airline fare class codes; says understanding basics of class distinctions when booking a flight can help travelers avoid change or cancellation fees, and maximize award miles. 

This 10-episode FX mini-series stars Cuba Gooding Jr., John Travolta and David Schwimmer. It has its debut on Feb. 2. This 10-episode FX mini-series stars Cuba Gooding Jr., John Travolta and David Schwimmer. It has its debut on Feb. 2. Excerpts from conversation with producers and stars of FX mini-series The People vs OJ Simpson: American Crime Story, who discuss series and issues it raises.

Her first book, ‘On the Run' — about the lives of young black men in West Philadelphia — has fueled a fight within sociology over who gets to speak for whom. Her first book, ‘On the Run' — about the lives of young black men in West Philadelphia — has fueled a fight within sociology over who gets to speak for whom. On the Run, book written by white sociologist Alice Goffman, chronicling lives of young black men in mixed-income neighborhood in West Philadelphia, has sparked controversy over modern ethnography and who should be allowed to speak for whom.

This year’s Democratic primary season has become a contest to claim this label — but in American politics, it has always had a slippery definition. This year’s Democratic primary season has become a contest to claim this label — but in American politics, it has always had a slippery definition. Beverly Gage First Words column examines history of word 'progressive' in American politics; notes term has always alluded to desire to take political action, though type of action has varied immensely over years; notes Hillary Clinton has embraced term in her presidential bid as connoting an active stance by someone who knows how to get tasks accomplished. 

Adventure parks, free toys, robes, mats and more are tempting owners to travel with their canine companions. Adventure parks, free toys, robes, mats and more are tempting owners to travel with their canine companions. In Transit blog; growing number of tour operators and hotels are enhancing hospitality offerings for travelers accompanied by their dogs, adding perks ranging from customized sleep mats to chew toys, activities and in-room canine dining menus. 

A recent translation of Cold War-era stories by the Czech writer Bohumil Hrabal reminds us that we ignore his sly and idiosyncratic work to our detriment.  A recent translation of Cold War-era stories by the Czech writer Bohumil Hrabal reminds us that we ignore his sly and idiosyncratic work to our detriment. Parul Sehgal essay comments on first English translation of short story collection Mr Kafka and Other Tales From the Time of the Cult, by late Czech writer Bohumil Hrabal; holds that Hrabal's Cold War-era tales hold up today, offering readers a reminder of his gift of sovereign vision and imaginative resistance to the constraints of political and economic systems. 

An American reporter spends years trying to understand women in the Arab world. An American reporter spends years trying to understand women in the Arab world. Laura Secor reviews book Excellent Daughters: The Secret Lives of Young Women Who Are Transforming the Arab World by Katherine Zoepf. 

An author’s Jewish grandparents were also very, very English. An author’s Jewish grandparents were also very, very English. Nick Fraser reviews book Their Promised Land: My Grandparents in Love and War by Ian Buruma. 

The global trade in citizenship serves many functions. The global trade in citizenship serves many functions. Richard Bellamy reviews book The Cosmopolites: The Coming of the Global Citizen by Atossa Araxia Abrahamian.

Living abroad, a novel’s American women face new expectations. Living abroad, a novel’s American women face new expectations. Maggie Pouncey reviews book The Expatriates by Janice Y K Lee. 

The pop star weighs in on men’s wear at London’s fashion week. The pop star weighs in on men’s wear at London’s fashion week. 

Rosanna Pansino, whose “The Nerdy Nummies Cookbook” is No. 5 on the food and fitness list, is a YouTube star with more than three million subscribers to her online baking show. Rosanna Pansino, whose “The Nerdy Nummies Cookbook” is No. 5 on the food and fitness list, is a YouTube star with more than three million subscribers to her online baking show. 

Two books explore what happens when twins begin to grow up and, for better or worse, move apart. Two books explore what happens when twins begin to grow up and, for better or worse, move apart. Bennett Madison reviews children's books The Trilogy of Two by Juman Malouf and Untwine by Edwidge Danticat.

More than simply a base for the beaches, this energetic city combines a vibrant night life with graceful, centuries-old buildings. More than simply a base for the beaches, this energetic city combines a vibrant night life with graceful, centuries-old buildings. 

La preocupación por el virus de zika es especialmente grave en Brasil, el país más grande de la región y el próximo anfitrión de los Juegos Olímpicos 2016. La preocupación por el virus de zika es especialmente grave en Brasil, el país más grande de la región y el próximo anfitrión de los Juegos Olímpicos 2016. 

 Without prodding from anyone, Senator Ted Cruz delivered a searing critique of Donald J. Trump in a room full of voters for the first time. Without prodding from anyone, Senator Ted Cruz delivered a searing critique of Donald J. Trump in a room full of voters for the first time.

 No, you didn’t misread the byline. It’s a Byron Walden Tuesday. No, you didn’t misread the byline. It’s a Byron Walden Tuesday.

After the sudden closure of a shoe factory, a migrant worker on China’s eastern seaboard heads back to his home in the countryside. China’s shoe industry has been hit hard by the slowing economy. After the sudden closure of a shoe factory, a migrant worker on China’s eastern seaboard heads back to his home in the countryside. China’s shoe industry has been hit hard by the slowing economy. 

 The decision comes after many Republicans, including Reince Priebus, the national party chairman, were dissatisfied with CNBC’s handling of the third Republican debate in October. The decision comes after many Republicans, including Reince Priebus, the national party chairman, were dissatisfied with CNBC’s handling of the third Republican debate in October.

Tsai Ing-wen deberá buscar un equilibrio entre el fervor nacionalista y la realidad de mantener lazos con China. Tsai Ing-wen deberá buscar un equilibrio entre el fervor nacionalista y la realidad de mantener lazos con China. 

Brioni’s Fall 2016 show. Brioni’s Fall 2016 show. 

 More than 10 million viewers tuned in to watch the Democratic presidential debate on Sunday night, a big jump over the party’s two most recent debates. More than 10 million viewers tuned in to watch the Democratic presidential debate on Sunday night, a big jump over the party’s two most recent debates.

 Hours after engaging in their most contentious debate to date, Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders reconvened in a less charged setting to honor the memory of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Hours after engaging in their most contentious debate to date, Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders reconvened in a less charged setting to honor the memory of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.

The Flatiron restaurant’s sister location in Santa Monica, which opened last week, shares how to make its branzino and tuna tartare. The Flatiron restaurant’s sister location in Santa Monica, which opened last week, shares how to make its branzino and tuna tartare. 

Homeless laborers, who have no place to store blankets in the daytime hours, cope with freezing nights by renting blankets to catch a few hours’ rest. Homeless laborers, who have no place to store blankets in the daytime hours, cope with freezing nights by renting blankets to catch a few hours’ rest. 

 Ted Cruz attacked Donald J. Trump for his shifting political positions over the years. Ted Cruz attacked Donald J. Trump for his shifting political positions over the years.

Designs from Fendi’s Fall 2016 show. Designs from Fendi’s Fall 2016 show. 

Miuccia Prada’s fall/winter 2016 men’s collection — which showed yesterday in Milan — had a haunting, naval feel. Miuccia Prada’s fall/winter 2016 men’s collection — which showed yesterday in Milan — had a haunting, naval feel. 

 A diet rich in fruits, vegetables, tea and wine may help reduce the risk for erectile dysfunction, a new study found. A diet rich in fruits, vegetables, tea and wine may help reduce the risk for erectile dysfunction, a new study found.

 “Two Corinthians, 3:17,” Donald J. Trump said while giving the convocation at Liberty University in Virginia. The many students in attendance chuckled, as the standard reference to that chapter of Scripture is “Second Corinthians.” “Two Corinthians, 3:17,” Donald J. Trump said while giving the convocation at Liberty University in Virginia. The many students in attendance chuckled, as the standard reference to that chapter of Scripture is “Second Corinthians.”

 The filmmaker Ken Burns will return to the topic of race in American when he delivers the 2016 Jefferson Lecture in the Humanities in May in Washington. The filmmaker Ken Burns will return to the topic of race in American when he delivers the 2016 Jefferson Lecture in the Humanities in May in Washington.

Estas son algunas respuestas y asesoría sobre esta nueva infección tropical vinculada al desarrollo de cráneos inusualmente pequeños en recién nacidos. Estas son algunas respuestas y asesoría sobre esta nueva infección tropical vinculada al desarrollo de cráneos inusualmente pequeños en recién nacidos. 

Alicia Vikander, Saoirse Ronan, Gina Rodriguez and more at the Critics’ Choice Awards. Alicia Vikander, Saoirse Ronan, Gina Rodriguez and more at the Critics’ Choice Awards. 

Alicia Vikander, Saoirse Ronan, Gina Rodriguez and more at the Critics’ Choice Awards. Alicia Vikander, Saoirse Ronan, Gina Rodriguez and more at the Critics’ Choice Awards. 

 PBS plans to show a documentary about the musical “Hamilton” in the fall. PBS plans to show a documentary about the musical “Hamilton” in the fall.

 The Center for Arts Education names Lisa Robb as its new executive director. The Center for Arts Education names Lisa Robb as its new executive director.

Bottega Veneta’s fall/winter 2016 collection was a mixture of cashmere and shearlings, Missoni showed slim knit suits and Calvin Klein featured denim and shine. Bottega Veneta’s fall/winter 2016 collection was a mixture of cashmere and shearlings, Missoni showed slim knit suits and Calvin Klein featured denim and shine. 

The artist filled Le Bon Marché with figures inspired by traditional tales that were censored by the People’s Republic of China. The artist filled Le Bon Marché with figures inspired by traditional tales that were censored by the People’s Republic of China. 

 Two plus two equals two times two. How else might you throw the switch? Two plus two equals two times two. How else might you throw the switch?

 The Internet messaging service, owned by Facebook, said it would phase out fees to use the service and experiment with charging companies to talk directly to its almost one billion users worldwide. The Internet messaging service, owned by Facebook, said it would phase out fees to use the service and experiment with charging companies to talk directly to its almost one billion users worldwide.

The artist’s fantastical creatures for the Paris department store were made with the help of kite makers from the Shangdon Provence in China. The artist’s fantastical creatures for the Paris department store were made with the help of kite makers from the Shangdon Provence in China. 

The latest designs from Canali. The latest designs from Canali. 

At the men’s shows at Missoni, Zegna and Salvatore Ferragamo, sweaters experienced a much-needed jolt. At the men’s shows at Missoni, Zegna and Salvatore Ferragamo, sweaters experienced a much-needed jolt. 

 Researchers and medical providers are looking at ways of better reaching children by cellphone to improve health care. Researchers and medical providers are looking at ways of better reaching children by cellphone to improve health care.

Kenneth Nicholson’s new range of linen garments is designed with freedom and inclusivity in mind. Kenneth Nicholson’s new range of linen garments is designed with freedom and inclusivity in mind. 

The Fall 2016 men’s collection from MSGM. The Fall 2016 men’s collection from MSGM. 

Make something special on your day off: boeuf à la mode and apple bourbon cake might do. Make something special on your day off: boeuf à la mode and apple bourbon cake might do. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Untouchables back Indira Gandhi in India in 1966. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Untouchables back Indira Gandhi in India in 1966.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: A typhus vaccine is brought by the surgeon general of the United States to Europe in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: A typhus vaccine is brought by the surgeon general of the United States to Europe in 1941.

 One show has earned the praise of Heidi Cruz, Ted Cruz’s wife: “The Apprentice,” starring Donald J. Trump. One show has earned the praise of Heidi Cruz, Ted Cruz’s wife: “The Apprentice,” starring Donald J. Trump.

Men’s wear designs for next fall from Emporio Armani. Men’s wear designs for next fall from Emporio Armani. 

 Why Sanders needed smoke and mirrors. Why Sanders needed smoke and mirrors.

The Egyptian author Ali Salem used humor — and all of its contradictions — to inspire peace in his country. Can other writers do the same? The Egyptian author Ali Salem used humor — and all of its contradictions — to inspire peace in his country. Can other writers do the same? 

We recently published an article about using the Neapolitan novels of Elena Ferrante as guidebooks to Naples. Here are some tips on how to navigate her city. We recently published an article about using the Neapolitan novels of Elena Ferrante as guidebooks to Naples. Here are some tips on how to navigate her city. 

Otto Preminger, the producer and director, announced that the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. would be in his movie. The truth was murkier. Otto Preminger, the producer and director, announced that the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. would be in his movie. The truth was murkier. 

 There’s welcome news for lovers of shrimp, eggs and coffee, but some confusion on fat and conflicting information over meat. There’s welcome news for lovers of shrimp, eggs and coffee, but some confusion on fat and conflicting information over meat.

 Emmanuel Levinas, a philosopher who survived Nazism, can help shed light on our ethical role in the refugee crisis, and beyond. Emmanuel Levinas, a philosopher who survived Nazism, can help shed light on our ethical role in the refugee crisis, and beyond.

Quotation of the Day for Monday, January 18, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Monday, January 18, 2016. 

 Although we have many resources in our ever-growing M.L.K. Day collection, this year we want to highlight one in particular, an essay that appeared in The New York Times Magazine in September. Although we have many resources in our ever-growing M.L.K. Day collection, this year we want to highlight one in particular, an essay that appeared in The New York Times Magazine in September.

The Republican candidates are sending such a negative message that it may backfire in the general election. The Republican candidates are sending such a negative message that it may backfire in the general election. Charles M Blow Op-Ed column argues negative view of United States presented by Republican presidential candidates may ultimately backfire, as presidents are often elected on strength of positive messages; holds if Republicans do not change approach, they will be remembered as hyperbolic doomsayers rather than as successful politicians.

The Treasury Department’s crackdown on shell companies is one step in addressing a big hole in financial regulations. The Treasury Department’s crackdown on shell companies is one step in addressing a big hole in financial regulations. Editorial supports Treasury Dept plan to uncover identities of people running shell companies that rich foreigners use to buy real estate in Manhattan and Miami-Dade County; asserts plan will help curtail money laundering, tax evasion and other crimes; calls for even stronger action to fight back against obstruction by real estate and financial lobbyists and for extension of effort to all of United States.

To protect the global economy, Washington needs to send Beijing a clear message. To protect the global economy, Washington needs to send Beijing a clear message. Op-Ed article by economic policy authority Scott Kennedy highlights disconnect between Chinas' view of its role in regulating financial markets and that held by rest of world; holds Chinese bureaucrats see direct intervention in markets and sudden changes as normal means of protecting economy, perspective that runs counter to operating principal of global markets; holds punishing China will not help, and urges American and international officials to apply diplomatic pressure to reduce risks associated with Chinese approach.

To him, if you’re not a mainline Protestant, you’re exotic, even sinister. To him, if you’re not a mainline Protestant, you’re exotic, even sinister. Op-Ed article by political writer McKay Coppins condemns Donald J Trump for sowing religious intolerance, saying it is part of  effort to leverage fear and division into voter support; holds that by attacking minority faiths, Trump is selling impossibly dated and nostalgic view of America to white working class voters who are fearful of future.

Should progressives re-litigate Obamacare? There are many reasons to think that it just wouldn’t work. Should progressives re-litigate Obamacare? There are many reasons to think that it just wouldn’t work. Paul Krugman Op-Ed column argues progressive politicians should not seek to re-litigate Affordable Care Act in post-Obama era but should build on program's successes to make incremental improvements in health coverage; acknowledges failings of Obamacare, but points to limits of single-payer model under current American system and greater difficulty of beginning again from scratch; contends progressives should make other pressing priorities their focus.

A new study suggests that out-of-hospital births could carry slightly higher risks. A new study suggests that out-of-hospital births could carry slightly higher risks. Editorial notes study in the New England Journal of Medicine showing home births present slightly more risk to mother and child than hospital births; holds study's conclusions are potentially more reliable than those of previous studies showing that home births are equally safe.

Readers address the idea of a universal basic income as a way to reimburse caregivers for their unpaid work. Readers address the idea of a universal basic income as a way to reimburse caregivers for their unpaid work. 

Readers applaud and question the value of such a move by New York City. Readers applaud and question the value of such a move by New York City. 

The Electronic Privacy Information Center writes that these unmanned vehicles have surveillance capabilities that will only increase. The Electronic Privacy Information Center writes that these unmanned vehicles have surveillance capabilities that will only increase. 

A teacher at Boston Latin Academy writes that the “ancient world has plenty to teach us.” A teacher at Boston Latin Academy writes that the “ancient world has plenty to teach us.” 

A reader cites successful laws that allow employees to request part-time or flexible hours and telecommuting. A reader cites successful laws that allow employees to request part-time or flexible hours and telecommuting. 

Mrs. Cruz took a leave of absence from her executive position at Goldman Sachs to help her husband, Senator Ted Cruz, seek the White House. Mrs. Cruz took a leave of absence from her executive position at Goldman Sachs to help her husband, Senator Ted Cruz, seek the White House. Heidi Nelson Cruz has proved vital support to her husband Ted Cruz in his 2016 presidential bid, serving as strategist, fund-raiser and public relations face; Mrs Cruz's past financial career, which she abandoned in order to better support her husband's ambitions, has proved useful in coaxing funds from well-heeled donors.

 The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and other civil rights leaders relied on the power of photographs to persuade, enrage and motivate. The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and other civil rights leaders relied on the power of photographs to persuade, enrage and motivate.

Mrs. Cruz, who served in the George W. Bush administration and became a Goldman Sachs executive, says she feels comfortable requesting donations for the presidential race. Mrs. Cruz, who served in the George W. Bush administration and became a Goldman Sachs executive, says she feels comfortable requesting donations for the presidential race. 

Corrections appearing in print on Monday, January 18, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Monday, January 18, 2016. 

Many commentators thought that a more aggressive Mr. Sanders gave himself a boost by taking Hillary Clinton on more forcefully. Many commentators thought that a more aggressive Mr. Sanders gave himself a boost by taking Hillary Clinton on more forcefully. 

Watch the liveliest exchanges from the fourth Democratic debate, as the presidential candidates Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders and Martin O’Malley faced off in Charleston, S.C., on Sunday. Watch the liveliest exchanges from the fourth Democratic debate, as the presidential candidates Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders and Martin O’Malley faced off in Charleston, S.C., on Sunday. 

Seeking to stabilize her campaign, Mrs. Clinton linked herself repeatedly to the president in the Democratic debate. Seeking to stabilize her campaign, Mrs. Clinton linked herself repeatedly to the president in the Democratic debate. Analysis; Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton repeatedly invokes Pres Obama during Democratic primary debate, aligning herself with president as both defensive and offensive strategy.

Floundering Russian aristocrats in “War & Peace,” reluctant partners in “19-2” and David Oyelowo as the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in “Selma.” Floundering Russian aristocrats in “War & Peace,” reluctant partners in “19-2” and David Oyelowo as the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in “Selma.” 

The Central Park horse carriage industry would be significantly reduced and pedicabs would be prohibited from operating below 85th Street under a deal announced late Sunday by the de Blasio administration. The Central Park horse carriage industry would be significantly reduced and pedicabs would be prohibited from operating below 85th Street under a deal announced late Sunday by the de Blasio administration. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio's administration announces agreement to reduce Central Park horse carriage industry, as part of effort to fulfill de Blasio's longstanding campaign promise; deal will reduce number of horses from about 220 to 95 by 2018 and will require new stable be built in Central Park.

Haydn Porteous secured a two-shot victory at the Joburg Open in Johannesburg. Haydn Porteous secured a two-shot victory at the Joburg Open in Johannesburg. 

Gebo Burka and Biruktayit Degefa came from behind to win the event. Gebo Burka and Biruktayit Degefa came from behind to win the event. Ethiopian runners Gebo Burka and Biruktayit Degefa win first and second place at Houston Marathon.

Fabián Gómez beat Brandt Snedeker to win the Sony Open in Honolulu. Fabián Gómez beat Brandt Snedeker to win the Sony Open in Honolulu. Fabian Gomez of Argentina wins Sony Open with eight-under-par 62; other golf results noted.

Ledecky broke her own world record in the women’s 800-meter freestyle in the Arena Pro Swim Series event in Austin, Tex. Ledecky broke her own world record in the women’s 800-meter freestyle in the Arena Pro Swim Series event in Austin, Tex. Katie Ledecky sets new world record for women’s 800-meter freestyle at Arena Pro Swim Series event in Austin, Tex.

LIEBER--Constance. The faculty and staff of the Lieber Institute for Brain Development and the Maltz Research Laboratories at the Johns Hopkins Medical Campus mourn the loss of their inspirational and beloved Founder and Director, Constance Lieber. For more than 30 years, she led an international movement to bring research about behavioral brain disorders to the forefront of biomedical science. Connie Lieber's vision, her determination, and her historic generosity launched thousands of scientific careers. In 2010, she established the Lieber Institute for Brain Development because she was convinced that a new strategy was needed to accelerate progress and to find cures for developmental brain disorders. As she said: "This is our dream, to find out what causes these disorders, and we felt it had to be a concerted effort, to study the brain and how it develops, and this is what the Institute is all about." The world of behavioral and developmental neuroscience has lost one of its strongest advocates and supporters. Connie is always in our hearts and minds. In honor of her passion and commitment, we will work tirelessly to achieve the mission she empowered us to pursue. 1/3 LIEBER--Constance. The faculty and staff of the Lieber Institute for Brain Development and the Maltz Research Laboratories at the Johns Hopkins Medical Campus mourn the loss of their inspirational and beloved Founder and Director, Constance Lieber. For more than 30 years, she led an international movement to bring research about behavioral brain disorders to the forefront of biomedical science. Connie Lieber's vision, her determination, and her historic generosity launched thousands of scientific careers. In 2010, she established the Lieber Institute for Brain Development because she was convinced that a new strategy was needed to accelerate progress and to find cures for developmental brain disorders. As she said: "This is our dream, to find out what causes these disorders, and we felt it had to be a concerted effort, to study the brain and how it develops, and this is what the Institute is all about." The world of behavioral and developmental neuroscience has lost one of its strongest advocates and supporters. Connie is always in our hearts and minds. In honor of her passion and commitment, we will work tirelessly to achieve the mission she empowered us to pursue. 1/3 

ELKIN--Peter M, died in NYC on January 12, 2016. Always in our hearts, Kate, Noah, Sam, Joanne 1/3 ELKIN--Peter M, died in NYC on January 12, 2016. Always in our hearts, Kate, Noah, Sam, Joanne 1/3 

LIEBER--Constance. The Board of Governors and members of Beach Point Club note with deep sorrow the passing of our fellow member, Constance Lieber, and extend sincere condolences to her family. James Dreyfus, President 1/3 LIEBER--Constance. The Board of Governors and members of Beach Point Club note with deep sorrow the passing of our fellow member, Constance Lieber, and extend sincere condolences to her family. James Dreyfus, President 1/3 

BERNARD--Herbert C.,Congregation Emanu-EI of the City of New York records with an admixture of sorrow and gratitude the passing of Herbert C. Bernard in his 104th year: sorrow that his unique presence is no longer ours to experience, and gratitude for the extraordinary length of his years. His devotion to our Congregation was made manifest in many ways over multiple decades. His active presence on our Board of Trustees for more than fifty years was almost without precedent, and his service as Secretary to the Congregation was the longest in the Temple's history. Mr. Bernard's generosity of spirit was treasured while he lived and never to be forgotten will be his gift and that of his late beloved wife in making possible the creation of the Herbert and Eileen Bernard Museum of Judaica at Temple Emanu-EI. To his cherished children, Migs and Lewis, and their families, we extend our heartfelt understanding. May his memory forever be a blessing. The Family of Temple Emanu-EI 1/3 BERNARD--Herbert C.,Congregation Emanu-EI of the City of New York records with an admixture of sorrow and gratitude the passing of Herbert C. Bernard in his 104th year: sorrow that his unique presence is no longer ours to experience, and gratitude for the extraordinary length of his years. His devotion to our Congregation was made manifest in many ways over multiple decades. His active presence on our Board of Trustees for more than fifty years was almost without precedent, and his service as Secretary to the Congregation was the longest in the Temple's history. Mr. Bernard's generosity of spirit was treasured while he lived and never to be forgotten will be his gift and that of his late beloved wife in making possible the creation of the Herbert and Eileen Bernard Museum of Judaica at Temple Emanu-EI. To his cherished children, Migs and Lewis, and their families, we extend our heartfelt understanding. May his memory forever be a blessing. The Family of Temple Emanu-EI 1/3 

ADES--Alan Maxwell, died on January 17, 2016. He was 90 years old. He leaves his loving wife, of 57 years, Joan, two daughters, Jane Ades and Susan Ades and her husband, Stephen Lawlor and five grandchildren, Benjamin, Raphi, Kirya, Olivia and Isabelle. He graduated Townsend Harris High School in three years and joined the army at 17 where he became part of the Corps of Engineers. He rose to the position of staff sergeant soon afterwards. After the war, he attended and graduated from CCNY. He founded and was president of Auburn Label and Tag, Co. He loved classical music from the time he was a teenager, when he first worked concessions at Carnegie Hall and extended and embraced that passion by serving on the Board of Directors of The Metropolitan Opera. Additionally, he served on the Board of Trustees of The Manhattan School of Music and of Central Synagogue in New York, where he was also confirmed. While at MSM, he and Joan founded the Ades Vocal Competition and built The Joan Taub Ades and Alan M. Ades Performance Space, as well. He was an avid sailor and skier. Services will take place at 11:00am on Tuesday, January 19, 2016 at Central Synagogue, 652 Lexington Ave., New York, NY. In lieu of flowers, please consider donations to The Metropolitan Opera or The Manhattan School of Music. 1/3 ADES--Alan Maxwell, died on January 17, 2016. He was 90 years old. He leaves his loving wife, of 57 years, Joan, two daughters, Jane Ades and Susan Ades and her husband, Stephen Lawlor and five grandchildren, Benjamin, Raphi, Kirya, Olivia and Isabelle. He graduated Townsend Harris High School in three years and joined the army at 17 where he became part of the Corps of Engineers. He rose to the position of staff sergeant soon afterwards. After the war, he attended and graduated from CCNY. He founded and was president of Auburn Label and Tag, Co. He loved classical music from the time he was a teenager, when he first worked concessions at Carnegie Hall and extended and embraced that passion by serving on the Board of Directors of The Metropolitan Opera. Additionally, he served on the Board of Trustees of The Manhattan School of Music and of Central Synagogue in New York, where he was also confirmed. While at MSM, he and Joan founded the Ades Vocal Competition and built The Joan Taub Ades and Alan M. Ades Performance Space, as well. He was an avid sailor and skier. Services will take place at 11:00am on Tuesday, January 19, 2016 at Central Synagogue, 652 Lexington Ave., New York, NY. In lieu of flowers, please consider donations to The Metropolitan Opera or The Manhattan School of Music. 1/3 

COOPER--Dr. Richard "Buzz." We note with sorrow the passing of our member, Dr. Richard "Buzz" Cooper and extend sincerest condolences to his bereaved family. Rabbi Angela W. Buchdahl, President Abigail Pogrebin, Central Synagogue of New York City 1/3 COOPER--Dr. Richard "Buzz." We note with sorrow the passing of our member, Dr. Richard "Buzz" Cooper and extend sincerest condolences to his bereaved family. Rabbi Angela W. Buchdahl, President Abigail Pogrebin, Central Synagogue of New York City 1/3 

ALLMAN--Daniel J.,died January 14, 2016. He is remembered lovingly by his family which includes Michael, Jack and Eileen, Jennifer and Minas, and two treasured grand-nieces, as well as by devoted friends who include Barbara and Laurie of New Directions Publishing, and Sylvia. We cherish Dan's warmth and charm and ever- present wit. And we shall not forget that with him in our hearts we'll always have Paris and Oak Grove too. 1/3 ALLMAN--Daniel J.,died January 14, 2016. He is remembered lovingly by his family which includes Michael, Jack and Eileen, Jennifer and Minas, and two treasured grand-nieces, as well as by devoted friends who include Barbara and Laurie of New Directions Publishing, and Sylvia. We cherish Dan's warmth and charm and ever- present wit. And we shall not forget that with him in our hearts we'll always have Paris and Oak Grove too. 1/3 

LIEBER--Constance E. March 2, 1924 - January 15, 2016. Constance Lieber transformed her family's experience with significant mental illness into a life suffused with meaning, purpose, and extraordinary effectiveness. Few people could imagine the breadth and depth of her interests, ranging from the most creative modern art to inspiring architecture, exhilarating music, and insightful studies of neuroscience and human behavior. Guided by her compassion, dedication, and curiosity - as well as her personal relationships with scores of leading psychiatrists and neuroscientists - Constance informally advised thousands of parents who were desperately seeking better treatments and cures for their mentally ill children. During their sixty-five year marriage, Constance and her husband Stephen A. Lieber shared enduring love and intense intellectual insights to transform the field of basic and clinical research into the origins of schizophrenia and other mental illnesses. Since 1980, Constance and Steve have been among the leading public advocates and philanthropic supporters of schizophrenia and depression research in the US and around the globe. Their efforts included the creation of significant clinical and scientific institutions to support emerging discoveries in the fields of biological psychiatry and patient services. For over twenty-five years, they gave exemplary leadership to the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation (formerly NARSAD), the world's largest private funder of mental health research. Constance served as President from 1989 to 2007. In 2014, their activities were honored by the American Psychiatric Association with a Special Presidential Commendation, stating "Constance and Steve have provided unwavering moral and material support to unravel the mysteries of the brain, and to better understand and treat mental illness." In 1987, the Liebers established an annual award for outstanding achievements in schizophrenia research. To date, two Lieber Prize winners have gone on to win Nobel Prizes. At Columbia University, they founded two centers of excellence - the Lieber Recovery and Rehabilitation Clinic for Psychotic Disorders and the Lieber Schizophrenic Clinic. At Williams College, they were the founders of the undergraduate neuroscience program. In 2011, they created the Lieber Institute for Brain Development, affiliated with the Johns Hopkins University, to integrate new discoveries in developmental neurobiology and genetics in order to achieve clinical advances that can change lives. Constance was a graduate of Brooklyn College and attended Columbia University for her post-graduate studies. She received honorary doctorates from Williams College and Brooklyn College. She received over two dozen awards to recognize her outstanding leadership, including: the Brooke Astor Award for Outstanding Contribution to the Advancement of Science, the Women in Science Award from The Rockefeller University, the Distinguished Service Award from the Yale University's Department of Psychiatry, and the Humanitarian Award from the Society of Biological Psychiatry. Survivors include her beloved husband Stephen, her children Janice and Sam (Mary Rubin), her devoted grandson, her sister Beverly, and several nieces and nephews. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made in her honor to the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation, 90 Park Avenue, 16th Floor, New York, New York 10016. A service will be held at Larchmont Temple, 75 Larchmont Avenue, on Tuesday, January 19th at 11:30am. Burial will be private. The family will receive visitors at the family home in Mamaroneck on Wednesday and Thursday from seven to nine o'clock in the evening. At a future time, a memorial service to celebrate Connie's extraordinary life will be held in Manhattan. Please contact the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation for details. 1/3 LIEBER--Constance E. March 2, 1924 - January 15, 2016. Constance Lieber transformed her family's experience with significant mental illness into a life suffused with meaning, purpose, and extraordinary effectiveness. Few people could imagine the breadth and depth of her interests, ranging from the most creative modern art to inspiring architecture, exhilarating music, and insightful studies of neuroscience and human behavior. Guided by her compassion, dedication, and curiosity - as well as her personal relationships with scores of leading psychiatrists and neuroscientists - Constance informally advised thousands of parents who were desperately seeking better treatments and cures for their mentally ill children. During their sixty-five year marriage, Constance and her husband Stephen A. Lieber shared enduring love and intense intellectual insights to transform the field of basic and clinical research into the origins of schizophrenia and other mental illnesses. Since 1980, Constance and Steve have been among the leading public advocates and philanthropic supporters of schizophrenia and depression research in the US and around the globe. Their efforts included the creation of significant clinical and scientific institutions to support emerging discoveries in the fields of biological psychiatry and patient services. For over twenty-five years, they gave exemplary leadership to the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation (formerly NARSAD), the world's largest private funder of mental health research. Constance served as President from 1989 to 2007. In 2014, their activities were honored by the American Psychiatric Association with a Special Presidential Commendation, stating "Constance and Steve have provided unwavering moral and material support to unravel the mysteries of the brain, and to better understand and treat mental illness." In 1987, the Liebers established an annual award for outstanding achievements in schizophrenia research. To date, two Lieber Prize winners have gone on to win Nobel Prizes. At Columbia University, they founded two centers of excellence - the Lieber Recovery and Rehabilitation Clinic for Psychotic Disorders and the Lieber Schizophrenic Clinic. At Williams College, they were the founders of the undergraduate neuroscience program. In 2011, they created the Lieber Institute for Brain Development, affiliated with the Johns Hopkins University, to integrate new discoveries in developmental neurobiology and genetics in order to achieve clinical advances that can change lives. Constance was a graduate of Brooklyn College and attended Columbia University for her post-graduate studies. She received honorary doctorates from Williams College and Brooklyn College. She received over two dozen awards to recognize her outstanding leadership, including: the Brooke Astor Award for Outstanding Contribution to the Advancement of Science, the Women in Science Award from The Rockefeller University, the Distinguished Service Award from the Yale University's Department of Psychiatry, and the Humanitarian Award from the Society of Biological Psychiatry. Survivors include her beloved husband Stephen, her children Janice and Sam (Mary Rubin), her devoted grandson, her sister Beverly, and several nieces and nephews. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made in her honor to the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation, 90 Park Avenue, 16th Floor, New York, New York 10016. A service will be held at Larchmont Temple, 75 Larchmont Avenue, on Tuesday, January 19th at 11:30am. Burial will be private. The family will receive visitors at the family home in Mamaroneck on Wednesday and Thursday from seven to nine o'clock in the evening. At a future time, a memorial service to celebrate Connie's extraordinary life will be held in Manhattan. Please contact the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation for details. 1/3 

SCAGLIONE--Carolyn R. Denning, M.D. The Board of Directors of CF Care expresses its heartfelt sympathy to Dr. Peter Scaglione and Family. We lost our inspirational leader and ardent supporter, but her life's work will go on as we continue to secure her vision and model of CF care. Dr. Gwen Engelhard President John Z. Jacoby President Emeritus & The Board of CF Care 1/3 SCAGLIONE--Carolyn R. Denning, M.D. The Board of Directors of CF Care expresses its heartfelt sympathy to Dr. Peter Scaglione and Family. We lost our inspirational leader and ardent supporter, but her life's work will go on as we continue to secure her vision and model of CF care. Dr. Gwen Engelhard President John Z. Jacoby President Emeritus & The Board of CF Care 1/3 

BLOOM--Leonard, 86 years old, passed away on January 16, 2016. Beloved husband of Annette. Devoted father of Elise and Greg and Bryan and Jill. Cherished grandfather of Jenna and Allie. Services were held on Sunday. 1/3 BLOOM--Leonard, 86 years old, passed away on January 16, 2016. Beloved husband of Annette. Devoted father of Elise and Greg and Bryan and Jill. Cherished grandfather of Jenna and Allie. Services were held on Sunday. 1/3 

GRILL--Harold. Loving husband of Libby, father of Lisa Herrnson (Lev) and David Grill (Ricki), grandfather of Sam, Alana, Jake and Jesse. School principal and civil servant, veteran and tennis lover. 1/3 GRILL--Harold. Loving husband of Libby, father of Lisa Herrnson (Lev) and David Grill (Ricki), grandfather of Sam, Alana, Jake and Jesse. School principal and civil servant, veteran and tennis lover. 1/3 

WALSH--Joseph M.,72, of Orangeburg, NY, formerly of Woodcliff Lake, NJ and CEO and Chairman of Curtis Circulation Company and owner of The Stadium Sports Memorabilia Bar and Restaurant, passed away Friday, January 15, 2016 at 4:18pm after his heroic battle with pancreatic cancer. Walsh is survived by his wife, Theresa Walsh (nee Vericker), their five children, Joseph, Jr., Matthew (Laura), Teresa Ann (Steven), John (Emilie) and James (Christina); and their fifteen grandchildren, Ryan, Michael, Kate, Colin, Sean, Erin, Aidan, John Patrick, Nicole, Kellie Rose, Christopher, Nicholas, Joseph, Juliana and Gabriella. A wake will be held for Walsh from 7 to 9pm on Monday, January 18, 2016 and from 2 to 4pm and 7 to 9pm on Tuesday, January 19, 2016 at the Moritz Funeral Home, 98 Route 303 South, Tappan, NY 10983. A Mass of Christian Burial will be celebrated at 10:00am on Wednesday, January 20, 2016 at St. Anthony's Church, 36 West Nyack Road, Nanuet, NY 10954. Memorial contributions may be made to Project Children, a registered 501(c)(3) Non-profit organization at PO Box 933, Greenwood Lake, NY 10925. 1/3 WALSH--Joseph M.,72, of Orangeburg, NY, formerly of Woodcliff Lake, NJ and CEO and Chairman of Curtis Circulation Company and owner of The Stadium Sports Memorabilia Bar and Restaurant, passed away Friday, January 15, 2016 at 4:18pm after his heroic battle with pancreatic cancer. Walsh is survived by his wife, Theresa Walsh (nee Vericker), their five children, Joseph, Jr., Matthew (Laura), Teresa Ann (Steven), John (Emilie) and James (Christina); and their fifteen grandchildren, Ryan, Michael, Kate, Colin, Sean, Erin, Aidan, John Patrick, Nicole, Kellie Rose, Christopher, Nicholas, Joseph, Juliana and Gabriella. A wake will be held for Walsh from 7 to 9pm on Monday, January 18, 2016 and from 2 to 4pm and 7 to 9pm on Tuesday, January 19, 2016 at the Moritz Funeral Home, 98 Route 303 South, Tappan, NY 10983. A Mass of Christian Burial will be celebrated at 10:00am on Wednesday, January 20, 2016 at St. Anthony's Church, 36 West Nyack Road, Nanuet, NY 10954. Memorial contributions may be made to Project Children, a registered 501(c)(3) Non-profit organization at PO Box 933, Greenwood Lake, NY 10925. 1/3 

COBERT--Shirley Schwartz, 93, of Rockville Centre, NY, passed away on January 16, 2016. She was born in the Bronx, but grew up in Atlanta, Georgia. She is predeceased by her adored husband of 64 years, Edward Cobert, whom she met when he was stationed in Georgia during WWII. She was the cherished mother of Marilyn Sochalski and Amy Cobert Haber and she is also survived by her four grandchildren, Joanna Serper, Robin Stanco, Benjamin Haber and David Haber, as well as her seven great- grandchildren, Brianna, Emma, Rachel, Sophie, Ethan, Cole and Brody. The cause of her death was progressive COPD caused by many years of cigarette smoking. In her honor, any contributions to the American Lung Association or any other charity that combats tobacco use would be greatly appreciated. Funeral services will be at Guttermans Funeral Home in Rockville Centre on January 18th at 12 noon. 1/3 COBERT--Shirley Schwartz, 93, of Rockville Centre, NY, passed away on January 16, 2016. She was born in the Bronx, but grew up in Atlanta, Georgia. She is predeceased by her adored husband of 64 years, Edward Cobert, whom she met when he was stationed in Georgia during WWII. She was the cherished mother of Marilyn Sochalski and Amy Cobert Haber and she is also survived by her four grandchildren, Joanna Serper, Robin Stanco, Benjamin Haber and David Haber, as well as her seven great- grandchildren, Brianna, Emma, Rachel, Sophie, Ethan, Cole and Brody. The cause of her death was progressive COPD caused by many years of cigarette smoking. In her honor, any contributions to the American Lung Association or any other charity that combats tobacco use would be greatly appreciated. Funeral services will be at Guttermans Funeral Home in Rockville Centre on January 18th at 12 noon. 1/3 

LIEBER--Constance E. The Brain & Behavior Research Foundation, formerly the National Alliance for Research on Schizophrenia and Depression (NARSAD), deeply mourns the passing of its visionary leader and President Emeritus, Constance E. Lieber. Connie, who served as President of the Foundation from 1989 to 2007, felt that research was the best avenue to find meaningful and lasting solutions to alleviate the suffering caused by mental illness. In her role as President Emeritus, she continued to offer her vision and guidance to the Foundation on a regular basis. Connie, along with her husband Stephen, passionately believed in the need to seed the field of neuropsychiatric research with as many talented scientists as possible to make a substantive impact on the broad spectrum of mental health research, which she fervently understood holds our best hope for ending the immense suffering caused by mental illness. Since 1980, Connie and Steve have served as extraordinary philanthropic supporters and leading public advocates of schizophrenia and depression research. Connie worked tirelessly for the cause and grew our grants program to a total of $342 million and was helpful to so many families who were desperately seeking help for their children. We recognize that she enhanced the lives of so many through her work for Brain & Behavior Research Foundation and by supporting scientists throughout the world and have the deepest gratitude to both Connie and Steve. Their generosity in supporting research on mental illness is a great model for all of us. Our deepest sympathies to Connie's beloved husband Steve, their daughter Janice, their son Sam and daughter-in-law Mary, their grandson, and to all of their loved ones. Connie was our leader and guiding light, providing inspiration and motivation to all who ever had the honor and privilege of knowing and working with her. Jeffrey Borenstein, M.D., President & CEO, The Brain & Behavior Research Foundation Herbert A. Pardes, M.D., President of the Foundation's Scientific Council 1/3 LIEBER--Constance E. The Brain & Behavior Research Foundation, formerly the National Alliance for Research on Schizophrenia and Depression (NARSAD), deeply mourns the passing of its visionary leader and President Emeritus, Constance E. Lieber. Connie, who served as President of the Foundation from 1989 to 2007, felt that research was the best avenue to find meaningful and lasting solutions to alleviate the suffering caused by mental illness. In her role as President Emeritus, she continued to offer her vision and guidance to the Foundation on a regular basis. Connie, along with her husband Stephen, passionately believed in the need to seed the field of neuropsychiatric research with as many talented scientists as possible to make a substantive impact on the broad spectrum of mental health research, which she fervently understood holds our best hope for ending the immense suffering caused by mental illness. Since 1980, Connie and Steve have served as extraordinary philanthropic supporters and leading public advocates of schizophrenia and depression research. Connie worked tirelessly for the cause and grew our grants program to a total of $342 million and was helpful to so many families who were desperately seeking help for their children. We recognize that she enhanced the lives of so many through her work for Brain & Behavior Research Foundation and by supporting scientists throughout the world and have the deepest gratitude to both Connie and Steve. Their generosity in supporting research on mental illness is a great model for all of us. Our deepest sympathies to Connie's beloved husband Steve, their daughter Janice, their son Sam and daughter-in-law Mary, their grandson, and to all of their loved ones. Connie was our leader and guiding light, providing inspiration and motivation to all who ever had the honor and privilege of knowing and working with her. Jeffrey Borenstein, M.D., President & CEO, The Brain & Behavior Research Foundation Herbert A. Pardes, M.D., President of the Foundation's Scientific Council 1/3 

ADES--Alan. We note with sorrow the passing of our member, Dr. Alan Ades and extend sincerest condolences to his bereaved family. Rabbi Angela W. Buchdahl and President Abigail Pogrebin, Central Synagogue of New York City 1/3 ADES--Alan. We note with sorrow the passing of our member, Dr. Alan Ades and extend sincerest condolences to his bereaved family. Rabbi Angela W. Buchdahl and President Abigail Pogrebin, Central Synagogue of New York City 1/3 

LEVINE--Lillian, 92, of Enfield, CT, on January 17, 2016. Wife of the late Irving, daughter of the late Julius and Minnie Sugarman, mother of Scott, Rabbi Robert, and Sheree, mother-in-law of Alice Geller and Gina (Stahl) Levine, grandmother of Kate, Sarah, William, Judah, Ezra, David and Maya, sister of the late Sidney, Esther, Frieda and Samuel. Favorite aunt and friend of many. Devoted fifth grade teacher for many years in Ludlow, MA, affectionately known as "Lillian Levine the Homework Queen." Much loved and loving. Wise counsel to us all. Courageous in life and in death. Will be incredibly missed. 1/3 LEVINE--Lillian, 92, of Enfield, CT, on January 17, 2016. Wife of the late Irving, daughter of the late Julius and Minnie Sugarman, mother of Scott, Rabbi Robert, and Sheree, mother-in-law of Alice Geller and Gina (Stahl) Levine, grandmother of Kate, Sarah, William, Judah, Ezra, David and Maya, sister of the late Sidney, Esther, Frieda and Samuel. Favorite aunt and friend of many. Devoted fifth grade teacher for many years in Ludlow, MA, affectionately known as "Lillian Levine the Homework Queen." Much loved and loving. Wise counsel to us all. Courageous in life and in death. Will be incredibly missed. 1/3 

BERNSTEIN--Sandra. Fenway Golf Club expresses profound sorrow at the passing of its esteemed member, Sandra Bernstein, and extends sincere condolences to her entire family. Bruce Haber, President 1/3 BERNSTEIN--Sandra. Fenway Golf Club expresses profound sorrow at the passing of its esteemed member, Sandra Bernstein, and extends sincere condolences to her entire family. Bruce Haber, President 1/3 

SCAGLIONE--Carolyn R. Denning MD. A true visionary in the care of people with cystic fibrosis. We are so grateful for her unwavering support, and our team is proud to carry her legacy forward. Our heartfelt condolences to Dr. Peter Scaglione and family, including our colleague Ben. Maria Berdella, M.D. Patricia Walker, M.D. The Cystic Fibrosis Center, Mount Sinai Beth Israel 1/3 SCAGLIONE--Carolyn R. Denning MD. A true visionary in the care of people with cystic fibrosis. We are so grateful for her unwavering support, and our team is proud to carry her legacy forward. Our heartfelt condolences to Dr. Peter Scaglione and family, including our colleague Ben. Maria Berdella, M.D. Patricia Walker, M.D. The Cystic Fibrosis Center, Mount Sinai Beth Israel 1/3 

BERNARD--Herbert C. Our father Herbert C. Bernard passed away at home on January 16, 2016. He was 103 years old. He loved New York City. As the owner of a manufacturing business, he had clients throughout the City and watched neighborhoods change. He remembered horse drawn carriages filled the street and veterans of the Civil War parading in their uniforms on Memorial Day. His father survived the 1918 influenza and his uncle was gassed in World War I. Dad received an excellent public school education and graduated with highest honors from his high school while working for the Brooklyn Eagle covering sports. He entered Columbia in 1928 but to his great regret, had to leave to contribute to the support of his family. He made up for this perceived shortcoming by visiting libraries and museums. He became a connoisseur of drawings and paintings with a small collection. His deep commitment to the City was expressed in community service. Our father was the longest serving trustee of Congregation Emanu-El; he chaired many of its committees and he and our mother endowed its museum of Judaica. They were both actively involved in a number of charitable organizations. For Dad it included Montefiore Medical Center and UJA-Federation. He also was particularly proud of his service to his industry. For many years he was a board member of the Paperboard Packaging Council and served a term as its non-executive President. In addition to us he is survived by grandchildren, Geoffrey Dann, Deborah Fields, Adam Bernard and Claire Bernard, and great-grandchildren, Rebecca Dann, Emily Dann, and Lion Bernard De Rham. There will be a private family funeral service. Contributions in his honor may be made to the Herbert and Eileen Bernard Museum Judaica Fund at Congregation Emanu-El. Migs Woodside and Lewis Bernard 1/3 BERNARD--Herbert C. Our father Herbert C. Bernard passed away at home on January 16, 2016. He was 103 years old. He loved New York City. As the owner of a manufacturing business, he had clients throughout the City and watched neighborhoods change. He remembered horse drawn carriages filled the street and veterans of the Civil War parading in their uniforms on Memorial Day. His father survived the 1918 influenza and his uncle was gassed in World War I. Dad received an excellent public school education and graduated with highest honors from his high school while working for the Brooklyn Eagle covering sports. He entered Columbia in 1928 but to his great regret, had to leave to contribute to the support of his family. He made up for this perceived shortcoming by visiting libraries and museums. He became a connoisseur of drawings and paintings with a small collection. His deep commitment to the City was expressed in community service. Our father was the longest serving trustee of Congregation Emanu-El; he chaired many of its committees and he and our mother endowed its museum of Judaica. They were both actively involved in a number of charitable organizations. For Dad it included Montefiore Medical Center and UJA-Federation. He also was particularly proud of his service to his industry. For many years he was a board member of the Paperboard Packaging Council and served a term as its non-executive President. In addition to us he is survived by grandchildren, Geoffrey Dann, Deborah Fields, Adam Bernard and Claire Bernard, and great-grandchildren, Rebecca Dann, Emily Dann, and Lion Bernard De Rham. There will be a private family funeral service. Contributions in his honor may be made to the Herbert and Eileen Bernard Museum Judaica Fund at Congregation Emanu-El. Migs Woodside and Lewis Bernard 1/3 

The head of track’s global governing body said that claims of Qatari bribes in the bidding process for the 2017 world championships were being investigated. The head of track’s global governing body said that claims of Qatari bribes in the bidding process for the 2017 world championships were being investigated. International Assn of Athletics Federations is investigating claims of bribery by Qatar in bidding for 2017 track and field world championships.

Henrik Kristoffersen won a World Cup slalom to cap the three-race weekend sweep. Henrik Kristoffersen won a World Cup slalom to cap the three-race weekend sweep. Henrik Kristoffersen of Norway wins World Cup slalom in Wengen, Switzerland; other skiing news noted.

United relied on brilliant goalkeeping by David de Gea and an opportunistic late finish by Wayne Rooney. United relied on brilliant goalkeeping by David de Gea and an opportunistic late finish by Wayne Rooney. Manchester United defeats Liverpool, 1-0; other soccer news noted. 

Following is a transcript of the Democratic debate, as transcribed by the Federal News Service. Following is a transcript of the Democratic debate, as transcribed by the Federal News Service. 

Ryan Miller made 47 saves for the Canucks in his first visit to Barclays Center. Ryan Miller made 47 saves for the Canucks in his first visit to Barclays Center. 

Hillary Clinton targeted Bernie Sanders&#8217;s electoral appeal with some of her strongest language yet in a debate on Sunday night, trying to undercut his image as an anti-political truth teller. Hillary Clinton targeted Bernie Sanders&#8217;s electoral appeal with some of her strongest language yet in a debate on Sunday night, trying to undercut his image as an anti-political truth teller. Hillary Rodham Clinton, in fourth Democratic presidential debate, attacks Bernie Sanders over his policy shifts on health care and gun control and seeks to portray him as fringe candidate at odds with Pres Obama's accomplishments; Sanders appears exasperated at times as Clinton attempts to undermine his consistency on policy issues, one of his strong suits with voters.

LaMarcus Aldridge scored 23 points and San Antonio received an early spark from Jonathon Simmons to beat the Dallas. LaMarcus Aldridge scored 23 points and San Antonio received an early spark from Jonathon Simmons to beat the Dallas. NBA Roundup; San Antonio Spurs beat Dallas Mavericks, 112-83; other pro basketball news noted.

Despite its stellar record, Golden State’s recent losses and defensive troubles could make it vulnerable to the Cavaliers, who have won nine of their last 10 games. Despite its stellar record, Golden State’s recent losses and defensive troubles could make it vulnerable to the Cavaliers, who have won nine of their last 10 games. 

A picture book about George Washington and his enslaved household cook prompted an outcry. A picture book about George Washington and his enslaved household cook prompted an outcry. Scholastic Publishing halts distribution of children's book A Birthday Cake for George Washington, which provoked outrage for its perceived depiction of happy slaves. 

Because of Martin Luther King’s Birthday, alternate-side street-cleaning regulations will be suspended. Because of Martin Luther King’s Birthday, alternate-side street-cleaning regulations will be suspended. 

Africa Israel Investments Ltd. drew buyers to one of the condo buildings with promises of a terrace, an indoor swimming pool and other amenities, but abandoned the renovation when the economy crashed. Africa Israel Investments Ltd. drew buyers to one of the condo buildings with promises of a terrace, an indoor swimming pool and other amenities, but abandoned the renovation when the economy crashed. New York Atty Gen Eric T Schneiderman and residents of Wall Street luxury condominium tower reach separate settlements with developer Africa Israel Investments Ltd, which had been sued for abandoning renovations or building promised amenities after 2008 financial crisis; developer will have to resolve defects at several buildings and pay fine to the city for improperly taking tax breaks. 

The Capitals survived the loss of the starting goaltender Braden Holtby to extend their impressive streak of responding after losses. The Capitals survived the loss of the starting goaltender Braden Holtby to extend their impressive streak of responding after losses. NHL Roundup; Washington Capitals beat New York Rangers, 5-2; other ice hockey scores noted.

The turbulent talks were punctuated by high diplomatic drama and near-collapses before a deal for a prisoner release was finalized. The turbulent talks were punctuated by high diplomatic drama and near-collapses before a deal for a prisoner release was finalized. Release of five American prisoners from Iran in exchange for seven Iranians was preceded by 14 months of tense and turbulent negotiations carried out in parallel with nuclear talks; bargaining, weighed down by years of grievances, often seemed on verge of collapse and were rescued by Sec of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Min Mohammad Javad Zarif.

After an investigation identified several N.C.A.A. violations, Missouri announced last week that 23 men&#8217;s basketball victories from 2013-14 had been vacated. After an investigation identified several N.C.A.A. violations, Missouri announced last week that 23 men&#8217;s basketball victories from 2013-14 had been vacated. NCAA vacates all 23 wins by University of Missouri men's basketball team in 2013-14 season for violations committed under coach Frank Haith, who has since left team.

After failing to comply with a 2004 lawsuit, Mississippi is trying to avoid becoming the first state to have its child welfare system put in receivership. After failing to comply with a 2004 lawsuit, Mississippi is trying to avoid becoming the first state to have its child welfare system put in receivership. Mississippi is fighting to avoid becoming first state to have its child welfare system put in receivership and outside group hired to run it, following years of dysfunction and failure to repair ailing system; state's Division of Family and Children's Services was subject of 2004 class-action lawsuit for failing to protect children, but has admitted it never complied with requirements of settlements made in 2008 and later.

An accidental confession of affection during a video chat brought together a woman in New York and a man she had admired from afar when she was growing up in the Dominican Republic. An accidental confession of affection during a video chat brought together a woman in New York and a man she had admired from afar when she was growing up in the Dominican Republic. Children's Aid Society, one of seven agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, helps Mercedes Rodriguez buy clothing for her children and pay back rent. 

Baseball Daily, a new digital simulation game to be unveiled by Strat-O-Matic on Monday, trades in dice and card decks for daily stats and proprietary algorithms. Baseball Daily, a new digital simulation game to be unveiled by Strat-O-Matic on Monday, trades in dice and card decks for daily stats and proprietary algorithms. Upcoming release of Strat-O-Matic Baseball Daily will mark significant update of classic cards-and-dice board game based on MLB statistics; information for each player will be updated daily, giving players a more immersive virtual manager experience.

One trend in mobile advertising is to focus on those fleeting times when customers have a need for something, or might be receptive to a pitch. One trend in mobile advertising is to focus on those fleeting times when customers have a need for something, or might be receptive to a pitch. Advertising column; marketers are pursuing briefer, more highly-targeted digital advertisements in order to keep pace with narrowing attention spans of mobile users; are using increasingly sophisticated apps to serve ads when users are making related searches.

Cam Newton helped the Panthers seize a huge lead against the Seahawks, but Seattle nearly overcame it, in large part because of Russell Wilson. Cam Newton helped the Panthers seize a huge lead against the Seahawks, but Seattle nearly overcame it, in large part because of Russell Wilson. Michael Powell Sports of The Times column commends quarterbacks Russell Wilson of Seattle Seahawks and Cam Newton of Carolina Panthers for artistry and joy they displayed in NFC divisional round match.

Mini USA will feature in Super Bowl ads six celebrities who have some history with the brand associated only with small cars, talking about defying the labels others have placed on them. Mini USA will feature in Super Bowl ads six celebrities who have some history with the brand associated only with small cars, talking about defying the labels others have placed on them. Mini USA has prepared 30-second Super Bowl commercial that features six celebrities with direct connections to brand; stars are Serena Williams, Abby Wambach, T-Pain, Randy Johnson, Tony Hawk and Harvey Keitel.  

David Levin, 16, has a dream to play pro hockey that has taken him from his home in Israel to Canada and, he hopes, eventually to the N.H.L. David Levin, 16, has a dream to play pro hockey that has taken him from his home in Israel to Canada and, he hopes, eventually to the N.H.L. Israeli teenager David Levin is talented hockey player despite having grown up with limited access to ice and getting late start in sport; was top draft pick for Ontario Hockey League's Sudbury Wolves and aspires to eventually play in NHL.

A divergence in the figures on hiring and output might be explained in part by the changing nature of the American economy. A divergence in the figures on hiring and output might be explained in part by the changing nature of the American economy. Health of United States economy remains difficult to interpret amid conflicting data, with job growth surging even as gross domestic product stagnates; divergence has emerged as subject of 2016 presidential election, and could indicate long term shift in the economy itself. 

The Knicks’ loss to the Grizzlies again showed the need for Porzingis to be more assertive late in games, especially with Carmelo Anthony out of the lineup. The Knicks’ loss to the Grizzlies again showed the need for Porzingis to be more assertive late in games, especially with Carmelo Anthony out of the lineup. Scott Cacciola on Pro Basketball column holds New York Knicks forward Kristaps Porzingis must become more aggressive on court in absence of forward Carmelo Anthony, who is out with sprained ankle.

Netflix’s refusal to disclose ratings has led to mounting frustration from traditional television industry executives. Netflix’s refusal to disclose ratings has led to mounting frustration from traditional television industry executives. Television executives continue to express frustration with Netflix for its refusal to disclose ratings data; Netflix refutes outside analysis cited by NBC Universal that showed Netflix ratings in line with those of traditional television. 

At 37 years old, Bob and Mike Bryan hope an off-season training regimen can help them return to their previous form. At 37 years old, Bob and Mike Bryan hope an off-season training regimen can help them return to their previous form. Brothers Bob and Mike Bryan, now No 2 in tennis doubles ranking, have made changes to their off-season habits, training methods and travel schedule with aim of winning Australian Open and regaining No 1 status.

Under President Obama, the President&#8217;s Malaria Initiative has grown into a $618-million program that works in 19 African countries and in Southeast Asia. Yet the disease remains a top killer of children around the world. Under President Obama, the President&#8217;s Malaria Initiative has grown into a $618-million program that works in 19 African countries and in Southeast Asia. Yet the disease remains a top killer of children around the world. White House Letter; Pres Obama makes ambitious pledge to rid world of malaria during final term as president; calls on Congress to increase funding for President’s Malaria Initiative, which has contributed to sharp decline in deaths from disease since 2000.

China is expected to report its slowest economic growth in a quarter of a century. In addition, Royal Dutch Shell and BG Group will publish preliminary fourth quarter earnings. China is expected to report its slowest economic growth in a quarter of a century. In addition, Royal Dutch Shell and BG Group will publish preliminary fourth quarter earnings. 

In a shop that has seen its fortunes shift with those of Kabul, Afghanistan, Hajji Ramazan traded in used clothes, some from the United States. In a shop that has seen its fortunes shift with those of Kabul, Afghanistan, Hajji Ramazan traded in used clothes, some from the United States. Kabul Journal; Hajji Ramazan has resurrected used clothing business built by his father in Kabul, Afghanistan, after it was shut down by upheavals of 1980s and 1990s; installation of American-backed government in 2001 allowed Ramazan to regain foothold, though he says business is still not what it once was.

A small tax on high-volume goods and services is among those proposed by a panel appointed by the United Nations to figure out how to pay for humanitarian crises. A small tax on high-volume goods and services is among those proposed by a panel appointed by the United Nations to figure out how to pay for humanitarian crises. United Nations report suggests placing small tax on high-volume goods and services to help raise $40 billion required yearly to address world's mounting humanitarian crises, along with other proposals; report acknowledges shortcomings of donor largess and need for new model of humanitarian aid.

The Democratic candidates faced off in South Carolina for the last debate before voting begins in Iowa. The Democratic candidates faced off in South Carolina for the last debate before voting begins in Iowa. 

The regional business issues and parochial peeves that once shaped early primary contests are rapidly losing clout in this election season. The regional business issues and parochial peeves that once shaped early primary contests are rapidly losing clout in this election season. Presidential candidates are focusing on larger national issues over specific regional concerns in 2016 primary races; voters, who increasingly get news from national sources, are showing more interest in ideological positions than specific local problems. 

The Inner Harbor project, in which a developer has received millions in public money, has started a debate about the obligations of builders to give residents meaningful aid. The Inner Harbor project, in which a developer has received millions in public money, has started a debate about the obligations of builders to give residents meaningful aid. Syracuse, NY, officials are suing COR Development Company, which received millions of dollars from city and state to build hotels, upscale apartments and stores along city's Inner Harbor, claiming developer is avoiding local-hiring requirements that city would impose in exchange for tax breaks; case has triggered debate over whether developers who receive public money are obligated to provide residents of impoverished communities with assistance.

Each year, there are a handful of shootings that are not counted by the New York Police Department as crimes, although they may have led to fatalities. Each year, there are a handful of shootings that are not counted by the New York Police Department as crimes, although they may have led to fatalities. New York Police Dept removes killing of Charles Williams in Queens from city's official tally of murder in 2015 after Queens prosecutors rule that shooting was justified; practice by which many police departments exclude justifiable homicides from their counts stands out more in New York since it could alter statistics on city's historically low murder rate.  

The N.F.L. coach turned around struggling Colts teams in Baltimore and in Indianapolis, then returned to Baltimore as the first head coach of the Ravens. The N.F.L. coach turned around struggling Colts teams in Baltimore and in Indianapolis, then returned to Baltimore as the first head coach of the Ravens. Ted Marchibroda, former football player who went on to coach Baltimore Colts to three NFL division championships and became first head coach of Baltimore Ravens, dies at age 84. 

Marion, Ala., is in the throes of a tuberculosis outbreak so severe that it has posted an incidence rate that is about 100 times greater than the state’s and worse than many developing countries. Marion, Ala., is in the throes of a tuberculosis outbreak so severe that it has posted an incidence rate that is about 100 times greater than the state’s and worse than many developing countries. Tuberculosis outbreak in rural town of Marion, Ala, has incidence rate about 100 times higher than rest of state; is attributed to area's history of limited medical access, poverty and mistrust of public health programs; residents are offered financial incentives to undergo testing and treatment.

There is no rule that specifies when a coin should be flipped again, and the referee Clete Blakeman made the call to do so in overtime in the Cardinals-Packers playoff game. There is no rule that specifies when a coin should be flipped again, and the referee Clete Blakeman made the call to do so in overtime in the Cardinals-Packers playoff game. Football Roundup; Arizona Cardinals win second over-time coin toss in game against Green Bay Packers after referee declared first toss invalid; other football news noted.

Almigdad Mojalli, a Yemeni journalist covering the civil war in his country, was killed in airstrikes outside Sana while on assignment for Voice of America. Almigdad Mojalli, a Yemeni journalist covering the civil war in his country, was killed in airstrikes outside Sana while on assignment for Voice of America. Yemeni journalist Almigdad Mojalli is killed by airstrike while in Sana reporting on toll of previous airstrike; was among dwindling number of journalists reporting on conflict that has been largely ignored by world.

Manning had just enough to rally the Broncos to a fourth-quarter comeback and a spot in the A.F.C. title game against the Patriots. Manning had just enough to rally the Broncos to a fourth-quarter comeback and a spot in the A.F.C. title game against the Patriots. Denver Broncos beat Pittsburgh Steelers, 23-16, advancing to AFC championship game.

Jeremy Corbyn suggested that he might support the country’s Trident submarine fleet if it was sent on patrol without carrying nuclear warheads. Jeremy Corbyn suggested that he might support the country’s Trident submarine fleet if it was sent on patrol without carrying nuclear warheads. Jeremy Corbyn, leader of Great Britain’s opposition Labour Party, says he might support continuation of country’s Trident submarine fleet if it were sent on patrol without carrying nuclear warheads; fleet has become divisive issue for Labour party. 

George Lois, a Madison Avenue legend who may have inspired the Don Draper character on &#8220;Mad Men,&#8221; is giving a trove of his work to City College. George Lois, a Madison Avenue legend who may have inspired the Don Draper character on &#8220;Mad Men,&#8221; is giving a trove of his work to City College. George Lois, legendary Madison Avenue art director who was responsible for many famous advertising campaigns, is donating his archive of posters, print advertisements and recordings of television and radio commercials to City College of New York. 

Gui Minhai, co-owner of a Hong Kong publishing company that put out salacious works about mainland leaders, is accused in a fatal drunken-driving case from 2003. Gui Minhai, co-owner of a Hong Kong publishing company that put out salacious works about mainland leaders, is accused in a fatal drunken-driving case from 2003. Gui Minhai, Hong Kong publisher and naturalized Swedish citizen who disappeared after reportedly violating his probation in drunk driving accident, reappears in China to confess to crime; says he returned to China voluntarily to face justice; is among five Mighty Current Media employees who disappeared; company publishes books highlighting sex lives and corruption of Chinese officials.

The Americans&#8217; disappearance raised fears that Westerners were again becoming targets for militias and criminal gangs that kidnap foreigners for money or political reasons. The Americans&#8217; disappearance raised fears that Westerners were again becoming targets for militias and criminal gangs that kidnap foreigners for money or political reasons. American Embassy and Iraqi authorities are searching for three American citizens who have gone missing Baghdad, igniting fears that  militias and criminal gangs have resumed targeting Westerners for money or political reasons.

The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week. The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week. 

French prosecutors have begun a manslaughter investigation after a man died after taking part in an experimental drug trial for a painkiller. French prosecutors have begun a manslaughter investigation after a man died after taking part in an experimental drug trial for a painkiller. One participant dies and five others are hospitalized following drug trial for experimental painkiller under development by Portuguese pharmaceutical company Bial; investigation by French authorities could include manslaughter charges. 

The festival offered a range of emerging talents as well as jazz veterans, and a new performance space: the Tishman Auditorium at the New School. The festival offered a range of emerging talents as well as jazz veterans, and a new performance space: the Tishman Auditorium at the New School. Ben Ratliff Critic's Notebook recounts performances at NYC Winter Jazzfest Marathon and provides overview of acoustics and sound at New School’s Tishman Auditorium, where festival was held.

The showcase has a history of offering glimpses of emerging musicians, and this year’s festival was no exception. Here are some of the promising artists who appeared. The showcase has a history of offering glimpses of emerging musicians, and this year’s festival was no exception. Here are some of the promising artists who appeared. Nate Chinen Critic's Notebook offers selection of five performances that most impressed him from 2016 NYC Winter Jazzfest.

It’s a passable costume drama, but nothing in it captures why the book is considered to be one of the greatest novels ever written. It’s a passable costume drama, but nothing in it captures why the book is considered to be one of the greatest novels ever written. Neil Genzlinger reviews four-night mini-series War & Peace, adapted from Leo Tolstoy's novel by television writer Andrew Davies, set to broadcast simultaneously on Lifetime, History and A&E.

Mr. Lisicky’s memoir focuses on relationships with his ex-husband and the novelist Denise Gess. Mr. Lisicky’s memoir focuses on relationships with his ex-husband and the novelist Denise Gess. Jennifer Senior reviews memoir The Narrow Door by Paul Lisicky. 

Ethan and Joel Coen’s coming film is a fantastical take on Eddie Mannix, a studio “fixer” at M.G.M., whose job would be too big for any one person today. Ethan and Joel Coen’s coming film is a fantastical take on Eddie Mannix, a studio “fixer” at M.G.M., whose job would be too big for any one person today. New Coen brothers film Hail, Caesar! features fictionalized portrayal of Eddie Mannix, storied Hollywood 'fixer' whose wide-ranging skills included public relations, keeping stars in line and managing productions; position has since been broken down into several jobs that are filled by variety of experts. 

A lawsuit is challenging the way decisions are made — including selling rights to a high-rise next door — at the nonprofit art school in Manhattan. A lawsuit is challenging the way decisions are made — including selling rights to a high-rise next door — at the nonprofit art school in Manhattan. Non-profit Manhattan school Art Students League contends with internal lawsuit from 300 of its board members regarding 2014 sale of air rights above its landmark 1892 French Renaissance-style headquarters for $31.8 million; issue is one of several gripes faction of voting members have with president Salvatore Barbieri; group is also seeking to stop proposed changes to institution's constitution, which they believe could help leadership expand power. 

This procedural set in Montreal centers on the uneasy relationship between reluctant partners and takes its time to develop. This procedural set in Montreal centers on the uneasy relationship between reluctant partners and takes its time to develop. Neil Genzlinger reviews Canadian television series 19-2, now available on streaming service Acorn. 

Poland and Greece, each in its own way, are challenging the rule of law that is essential to the European Union's identity. Poland and Greece, each in its own way, are challenging the rule of law that is essential to the European Union's identity. 

Composers working in collaborative groups like Sleeping Giant find that coming together offers a chance to reflect on common ground and individual differences. Composers working in collaborative groups like Sleeping Giant find that coming together offers a chance to reflect on common ground and individual differences. Corinna da Fonseca-Wollheim Critic's Notebook explores several composer collectives; highlights work of Sleeping Giant, whose piece Ash premiered at Le Poisson Rouge.

Her Universe Press, targeting female fans of properties like “Dr. Who” and “Star Wars,” features science-fiction and fantasy novels written by women. Her Universe Press, targeting female fans of properties like “Dr. Who” and “Star Wars,” features science-fiction and fantasy novels written by women. Profile of Ashley Eckstein, founder of Her Universe, imprint and merchandise line that caters to oft-overlooked female fans of science-fiction and fantasy. 

This group, which achieved fame on the PBS series “Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego?,” performed loose-jointed, post-Motown styles infused with jazz. This group, which achieved fame on the PBS series “Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego?,” performed loose-jointed, post-Motown styles infused with jazz. Stephen Holden reviews concert Hits Like You Never Heard by a cappella group Rockapella at Feinstein’s/54 Below.

After New England secured a fifth straight A.F.C. title game berth Saturday, Bill Belichick praised his players for staying committed. “It’s what we’re here for, is to win,” he said. After New England secured a fifth straight A.F.C. title game berth Saturday, Bill Belichick praised his players for staying committed. “It’s what we’re here for, is to win,” he said. William C Rhoden Sports of The Times column remarks on New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick's singular focus on winning as team heads to AFC championship game for fifth consecutive year.

Paul O’Dette and Ronn McFarlane proved a seamless duo in a concert of Italian and English music from the 16th century. Paul O’Dette and Ronn McFarlane proved a seamless duo in a concert of Italian and English music from the 16th century. James R Oestreich reviews Boston Early Music Festival concert For Two Lutes, featuring lutenists Paul O’Dette and Ronn McFarlane, at Morgan Library & Museum's Gilder Lehrman Hall.

This evening of dance pieces, overseen by Rashaun Mitchell and Silas Riener, purported to explore collisions of abstraction and representation. This evening of dance pieces, overseen by Rashaun Mitchell and Silas Riener, purported to explore collisions of abstraction and representation. Alastair Macaulay reviews premiere of dance performance Horizon Events, directed by and starring dancers Rashaun Mitchell and Silas Riener, at MoMA PS1. 

This event, part of the Coil festival, was a fusion of history and theory as performers paid tribute to a luminary of modern dance. This event, part of the Coil festival, was a fusion of history and theory as performers paid tribute to a luminary of modern dance. Gia Kourlas reviews dance concert Excavation Site: Martha Graham USA, organized by Michael Klien and featuring dancers from Martha Graham Dance Company, at Graham company’s Westbeth headquarters as part of Coil Festival.

The Jason-3 mission will use radar to determine the height of the sea as global temperatures increase and will help to predict hurricanes. The Jason-3 mission will use radar to determine the height of the sea as global temperatures increase and will help to predict hurricanes. Space Exploration Technologies Corporation launches satellite to measure ocean heights for Jason-3 mission, led by National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and European weather satellite agency Eumetsat.

Much of the money pouring into ed tech is going to start-ups focused on corporate training or professional skills, creating greater financing hurdles for companies that develop apps for school use. Much of the money pouring into ed tech is going to start-ups focused on corporate training or professional skills, creating greater financing hurdles for companies that develop apps for school use. Investment in education-related apps and other startups is flourishing, with financing rising to $2.98 billion in 2015 from $1.87 billion in 2014, but lion's share of money is going to projects aimed at career development instead of technology that would benefit public schools; analysts say school start-ups have yet to find effective business model. 

Although there are difficult challenges ahead, President Obama’s pursuit of diplomacy with Tehran over the nuclear threat has so far paid off. Although there are difficult challenges ahead, President Obama’s pursuit of diplomacy with Tehran over the nuclear threat has so far paid off. Editorial welcomes news that Iran has delivered on its part of 2015 nuclear agreement, shipping 8.5 tons of enriched uranium to Russia and disabling nuclear infrastructure at home; contends deal has both made world safer and enabled diplomacy, such as that which resulted in release of American political prisoners and sailors; warns continued vigilance will be necessary to ensure Iran abides by deal and adheres to international laws.

Vehicles are increasingly able to do routine tasks, but the problem vexing the automobile industry is how to keep drivers ready to take over the wheel when necessary. Vehicles are increasingly able to do routine tasks, but the problem vexing the automobile industry is how to keep drivers ready to take over the wheel when necessary. Self-driving vehicle technology continues to rely on human presence, excelling at individual tasks like parking, but falling far short of full autonomy; engineers in industry are focused on how to keep human drivers ready to take the wheel when emergency situations exceed system's capacity. 

Seattle, trailing by 31-0, came charging out of halftime, but Carolina was still able to advance to the N.F.C. championship game for the first time in a decade. Seattle, trailing by 31-0, came charging out of halftime, but Carolina was still able to advance to the N.F.C. championship game for the first time in a decade. Carolina Panthers defeat Seattle Seahawks, 31-24, advancing to NFC title game.

American presidential candidates often promise more than they can deliver. And, if elected, they may pay a price. American presidential candidates often promise more than they can deliver. And, if elected, they may pay a price. 

The C.D.C. advisory for pregnant women to avoid more than a dozen Latin American countries comes only a few months before the start of the Olympic Games in Brazil. The C.D.C. advisory for pregnant women to avoid more than a dozen Latin American countries comes only a few months before the start of the Olympic Games in Brazil. Brazil and other Latin American countries are struggling to contain surge in mosquito-borne diseases, including Zika, virus that causes infant brain damage; Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warning against travel to region has prompted pushback from some authorities and applause from others who welcome international attention to plight.

The yet unnamed pilot that will be written by Jordan Peele and John Carcieri. The yet unnamed pilot that will be written by Jordan Peele and John Carcieri. 

Reallocating medals has become standard practice, but a more radical approach would be paying reparations to those who were cheated to make up for lost prize money and potential contracts. Reallocating medals has become standard practice, but a more radical approach would be paying reparations to those who were cheated to make up for lost prize money and potential contracts. Christopher Clarey On Track and Field column discusses idea that, in addition to reallocation of medals, reparations should be paid to athletes who have lost to others who have been doping.

“Blackstar,” released just days before Mr. Bowie died, pushed Adele out of the Billboard top spot. “Blackstar,” released just days before Mr. Bowie died, pushed Adele out of the Billboard top spot. British singer David Bowie reaches No 1 on Billboard chart for first time with album Blackstar, which was released two days before his death. 

In response to the water crisis in Flint, Mich., President Obama authorized FEMA to provide water, filters and other supplies for residents whose water has been poisoned with lead. In response to the water crisis in Flint, Mich., President Obama authorized FEMA to provide water, filters and other supplies for residents whose water has been poisoned with lead. 

In a dreary match, Wayne Rooney scored his 176th goal in the Premier League and helped Manchester United past Liverpool. In a dreary match, Wayne Rooney scored his 176th goal in the Premier League and helped Manchester United past Liverpool. 

This film, starring Kevin Hart and Ice Cube, ended the monthlong run of “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” at the top spot. This film, starring Kevin Hart and Ice Cube, ended the monthlong run of “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” at the top spot. 

Ms. Anderson wrote the 1978 best seller “Nurse,” which was based on interviews with a nurse. It was adapted into a TV movie and a TV series. Ms. Anderson wrote the 1978 best seller “Nurse,” which was based on interviews with a nurse. It was adapted into a TV movie and a TV series. Peggy Anderson, former newspaper reporter and writer who wrote best selling book Nurse, where she addressed stereotypes that plagued the profession, dies at age 77. 

Margrethe Vestager’s warning shot comes ahead of a Jan. 31 deadline for Europe and the United States to reach a new data-sharing agreement. Margrethe Vestager’s warning shot comes ahead of a Jan. 31 deadline for Europe and the United States to reach a new data-sharing agreement. European Union antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager fires warning shot at companies like Google and Facebook, saying that their widespread collection of user data might run afoul of Continent's competition rules; Vestager's voice joins chorus of other European officials who are growing increasingly assertive about data protection and digital privacy. 

At a cabinet meeting, the Israeli prime minister said, “Israel’s policy has been and will remain exactly what it has been: not to allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons.” At a cabinet meeting, the Israeli prime minister said, “Israel’s policy has been and will remain exactly what it has been: not to allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons.” Israeli Prime Min Benjamin Netanyahu asserts Israel will never allow Iran to obtain nuclear weapons, expressing continued opposition to nuclear deal and his intention to ensure Iran keeps to bargain; Netanyahu's statement reflects regional anxieties over deal.

Across her decades as a Manhattan coat-check clerk, Nina Rochelle saw all sides of the city’s personality in the daily flurry of furs and suedes and fleeces. And she got the summers off. Across her decades as a Manhattan coat-check clerk, Nina Rochelle saw all sides of the city’s personality in the daily flurry of furs and suedes and fleeces. And she got the summers off. Grace Notes column; Nina Rochelle, who has retired after working as coat-check girl at Manhattan restaurants for nearly 50 years, reflects back on highlights of her career. 

None of the seven Iranians accused or convicted of violating American trade sanctions against Iran were charged with terrorism, President Obama noted. None of the seven Iranians accused or convicted of violating American trade sanctions against Iran were charged with terrorism, President Obama noted. Pres Obama insists seven Iranians accused or convicted of violating American trade sanctions and released in prisoner swap deal had no ties to terrorist activity; calls release 'one-time gesture to Iran,' given unique circumstances.

The Democratic presidential candidates will hold their fourth debate in South Carolina on Sunday night. Here is how to follow it. The Democratic presidential candidates will hold their fourth debate in South Carolina on Sunday night. Here is how to follow it. 

Counterfeit tickets are rare on Broadway, but they turn up almost daily at the blockbuster hip-hop musical. Counterfeit tickets are rare on Broadway, but they turn up almost daily at the blockbuster hip-hop musical. Michael Wilson Crime Scene column notes popularity of Broadway musical Hamilton has resulted in influx of counterfeit tickets, with fakes showing up at door of show almost daily; counterfeiters have taken advantage of tourists and seasoned New Yorkers alike.

The fall 2016 men’s collections included Bottega Veneta, Salvatore Ferragamo, Neil Barrett and Versace. The fall 2016 men’s collections included Bottega Veneta, Salvatore Ferragamo, Neil Barrett and Versace. Men's collections by Ralph Lauren and Stefano Pilati for Ermenegildo Zegna at Milan Fashion Week are designed to appeal to superrich.

The Obama administration announced the new measures less than 24 hours after lifting previous sanctions on Iran, which coincided with the country’s release of several Americans. The Obama administration announced the new measures less than 24 hours after lifting previous sanctions on Iran, which coincided with the country’s release of several Americans. Pres Obama urges young Iranians to 'pursue new path' with West following release of three American hostages, as modest new sanctions are imposed on country for conducting banned missile tests; comments reflect continuing uncertainties over Iran's intentions and its relationship with United States.

The attack on Sunday apparently targeted the father of two prominent officials in Nangarhar Province. The attack on Sunday apparently targeted the father of two prominent officials in Nangarhar Province. Suicide bomber strikes home of tribal leader Malik Usman Shinwari in Jalalabad, Afghanistan, killing at least 13 people and wounding Shinwari; attack appears to be aimed at two of Shinwari's sons, who are prominent officials in Nangarhar Province, but they are unharmed; Taliban and Islamic State are active in area but have not claimed responsibility for attack.

Aston Villa will need to win at least half of its remaining 16 league games to stay in the English Premier League and has won only 2 of 22 so far. Aston Villa will need to win at least half of its remaining 16 league games to stay in the English Premier League and has won only 2 of 22 so far. 

Despite a raft of stimulus measures, China’s economy is faltering as companies like shipbuilders increasingly lose business. Despite a raft of stimulus measures, China’s economy is faltering as companies like shipbuilders increasingly lose business. Chinese companies that took on large amounts of debt in country's years of breakneck growth, like state-owned Sainty Marine, have become central to economic troubles that are upending currency, commodity and stock markets; falling prices are forcing companies to increase their sales volume yearly in order to cover debt payments, difficult prospect in slowing economy; rising Chinese labor costs add to difficulty.

Sabrina Tan, founder and chief executive of Skin Inc, which sells customized skin-care products, drew inspiration from a background in technology. Sabrina Tan, founder and chief executive of Skin Inc, which sells customized skin-care products, drew inspiration from a background in technology. 

Tsai Ing-wen, elected Saturday as Taiwan’s first female president, brings what some call a more calm and rational approach to the island’s turbulent politics. Tsai Ing-wen, elected Saturday as Taiwan’s first female president, brings what some call a more calm and rational approach to the island’s turbulent politics. Tsai Ing-wen becomes first woman elected as president of Taiwan, result of pragmatic approach to shaping policy and resurrecting ailing Democratic Progressive Party; Tsai has vowed to rejuvenate economy and balance nationalist sentiment with need to maintain ties to China.

CNN said the government asked it not to run information about negotiations over a prisoner exchange that included a Washington Post reporter. Huffington Post said it made the decision on its own. CNN said the government asked it not to run information about negotiations over a prisoner exchange that included a Washington Post reporter. Huffington Post said it made the decision on its own. Huffington Post and CNN admit they had knowledge of negotiations between United States and Iran over prisoner exchange but declined to publish information about talks so as not to interfere; decision reflects conflict news organizations sometimes face between truthful reporting and safety of those involved.

Banana Bag & Bodice’s new production at the Bushwick Starr owes a debt to Beckett but is exuberantly American. Banana Bag & Bodice’s new production at the Bushwick Starr owes a debt to Beckett but is exuberantly American. Ben Brantley reviews Banana Bag & Bodice production of Jason Craig play Longyarn, directed by Ellie Heyman and starring Jessica Jelliffe, at Bushwick Starr. 

This “once-in-a-lifetime” exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art, which brings together more than 100 Picasso works, will close on Feb. 7. This “once-in-a-lifetime” exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art, which brings together more than 100 Picasso works, will close on Feb. 7. 

In the art world, attribution to a star like Donatello can bring an enormous price boost. But the path to such reattribution can be a long one, and the results may not always be black and white. In the art world, attribution to a star like Donatello can bring an enormous price boost. But the path to such reattribution can be a long one, and the results may not always be black and white. 

As voters chose a new president over the weekend, a rare point of agreement between Taiwan’s fractious political parties was that the tech industry needs help. As voters chose a new president over the weekend, a rare point of agreement between Taiwan’s fractious political parties was that the tech industry needs help. Taiwan's tech industry is foundering, with leading companies like Acer and HTC marking enormous losses just five years after boom period in which they surpassed Western rivals; industry's future has emerged as significant political issue; many attribute decline to outdated, conservative business culture that cannot compete with Silicon Valley when it comes to talent development and flexible strategy. 

The actress was closely associated with the Albee canon, starting with her performance of this unpleasant character in the 1990s. The actress was closely associated with the Albee canon, starting with her performance of this unpleasant character in the 1990s. Myra Carter, theater actress who won multiple awards for portrayal of Edward Albee’s mother in his play Three Tall Women, dies at age 86. 

Mr. Armenteros could often be found at the center of the genre’s changes, playing with innovators and popularizers including Arsenio Rodríguez, Cachao Lopez, Benny Moré and Eddie Palmieri. Mr. Armenteros could often be found at the center of the genre’s changes, playing with innovators and popularizers including Arsenio Rodríguez, Cachao Lopez, Benny Moré and Eddie Palmieri. Chocolate Armenteros, Cuban trumpeter and central figure in expansion and evolution of Afro-Cuban dance music, dies at age 87.

Mr. Simpson, who wrote songs recorded by Buck Owens, Merle Haggard and others, had his first Top 10 country hit with 1971’s “I’m a Truck.” Mr. Simpson, who wrote songs recorded by Buck Owens, Merle Haggard and others, had his first Top 10 country hit with 1971’s “I’m a Truck.” Red Simpson, country singer and songwriter known for hit truck-driving songs I'm a Truck and Roll Truck Roll, dies at age 81. 

Mr. Clay, a 2013 Blues Hall of Fame inductee with a voice that ranged from a gruff tenor to a haunting baritone, was also known for his charitable work. Mr. Clay, a 2013 Blues Hall of Fame inductee with a voice that ranged from a gruff tenor to a haunting baritone, was also known for his charitable work. Otis Clay, R&B singer who was inducted to Blues Hall of Fame in 2013, dies at age 73.

Mr. Genocchio will replace Noah Horowitz, now of Art Basel Miami Beach, as the Armory faces increased competition from Frieze New York. Mr. Genocchio will replace Noah Horowitz, now of Art Basel Miami Beach, as the Armory faces increased competition from Frieze New York. Robin Pogrebin Inside Art column; Benjamin Genocchio, editor in chief of Artnet News, will become next director of the Armory Show, replacing Noah Horowitz.

El nuevo hallazgo abre un amplio rango de programas que se desarrollarán en torno a los dinosaurios en el Museo de Historia Natural de Nueva York. El nuevo hallazgo abre un amplio rango de programas que se desarrollarán en torno a los dinosaurios en el Museo de Historia Natural de Nueva York. 

A collaborative portrait project began with Meg Turner’s realization that history books and galleries didn’t reflect the people and lives she knew. A collaborative portrait project began with Meg Turner’s realization that history books and galleries didn’t reflect the people and lives she knew. 

Los ejecutivos piensan que pasarán varios años antes de que el precio regrese a los 90 o 100 dólares por barril. Los ejecutivos piensan que pasarán varios años antes de que el precio regrese a los 90 o 100 dólares por barril. 

A letter by the intelligence agencies’ inspector general says that a review of emails on former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s private computer server found numerous messages that have been classified “top secret.” A letter by the intelligence agencies’ inspector general says that a review of emails on former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s private computer server found numerous messages that have been classified “top secret.” 

 Pearl Jam, J. Cole, Ellie Goulding and Kamasi Washington will perform at the festival, which will take place June 9-12. Pearl Jam, J. Cole, Ellie Goulding and Kamasi Washington will perform at the festival, which will take place June 9-12.

 Herre Schouwerwou offers us something to help us over the hump. Herre Schouwerwou offers us something to help us over the hump.

The Radio Drama Network alleges that a lawyer duped Mr. Brown into signing papers ensuring that the bulk of his $100 million estate would go to a charitable trust under the lawyer’s control. The Radio Drama Network alleges that a lawyer duped Mr. Brown into signing papers ensuring that the bulk of his $100 million estate would go to a charitable trust under the lawyer’s control. 

Un par de semanas después de llegar a Caracas, decidí que era el momento de conocer algunos “bachaqueros”, o revendedores, en su hábitat. Un par de semanas después de llegar a Caracas, decidí que era el momento de conocer algunos “bachaqueros”, o revendedores, en su hábitat. 

 Ta-Nehisi Coates, a National Book Award winner who often writes on racism, said Senator Bernie Sanders’s argument that reparations could not make it through Congress could also be said about much of his platform. Ta-Nehisi Coates, a National Book Award winner who often writes on racism, said Senator Bernie Sanders’s argument that reparations could not make it through Congress could also be said about much of his platform.

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

The making of the myth of Bonnie and Clyde; Captain America turns 75; and some personal trainers get fat, intentionally. The making of the myth of Bonnie and Clyde; Captain America turns 75; and some personal trainers get fat, intentionally. 

 The film has collected about $98 million from theaters in China, since opening there Jan. 9, but was beaten in its second week by the animated “Boonie Bears III,” a local production. The film has collected about $98 million from theaters in China, since opening there Jan. 9, but was beaten in its second week by the animated “Boonie Bears III,” a local production.

 Three weeks before New Hampshire’s presidential primary, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont has jumped out to a 27 percentage point lead over Hillary Clinton in a new CNN/WMUR poll of likely Democratic voters there released on Tuesday. Three weeks before New Hampshire’s presidential primary, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont has jumped out to a 27 percentage point lead over Hillary Clinton in a new CNN/WMUR poll of likely Democratic voters there released on Tuesday.

 Photos from Turkey, Crimea, Georgia and the United States. Photos from Turkey, Crimea, Georgia and the United States.

Turkey and More — Pictures of the Day Turkey and More — Pictures of the Day 

 Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Rachel L. Swarns, Richard Pérez-Peña and others. Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Rachel L. Swarns, Richard Pérez-Peña and others.

Scenes from a tribute concert at Terminal 5 in Manhattan. Scenes from a tribute concert at Terminal 5 in Manhattan. 

Barcelona Sporting Club’s highs and lows resonate in Ecuador in the same way that F.C. Barcelona’s wins and losses touch all of Spain. Barcelona Sporting Club’s highs and lows resonate in Ecuador in the same way that F.C. Barcelona’s wins and losses touch all of Spain. 

Silvia Venturini Fendi said her men’s fall/winter 2016 collection was inspired by staying in — while remaining connected. Silvia Venturini Fendi said her men’s fall/winter 2016 collection was inspired by staying in — while remaining connected. 

 Microsoft hopes to give away its cloud services to 70,000 nonprofits in the next three years. Microsoft hopes to give away its cloud services to 70,000 nonprofits in the next three years.

 The musical played to near-capacity before closing. The musical played to near-capacity before closing.

وزير خارجية المملكة العربية السعودية يتحدث عن الخطر الذي تشكله إيران على الشرق الأوسط. وزير خارجية المملكة العربية السعودية يتحدث عن الخطر الذي تشكله إيران على الشرق الأوسط. 

Following the Bronx Museum’s “Cuba Libre!” show last spring, several New York galleries are showcasing Cuban artists — past and present. Following the Bronx Museum’s “Cuba Libre!” show last spring, several New York galleries are showcasing Cuban artists — past and present. 

Morgan Stanley’s private bank arranged a personal loan of an unspecified sum for the billionaire investor. The loan is secured by “artwork collateral pieces,” according to a filing. Morgan Stanley’s private bank arranged a personal loan of an unspecified sum for the billionaire investor. The loan is secured by “artwork collateral pieces,” according to a filing. 

 A car accident in Iowa also injured two other Ben Carson volunteers and a campaign aide, leading the candidate to suspend campaigning on Tuesday. A car accident in Iowa also injured two other Ben Carson volunteers and a campaign aide, leading the candidate to suspend campaigning on Tuesday.

Americans share their hopes, fears and frustrations in interviews from the campaign trail. Americans share their hopes, fears and frustrations in interviews from the campaign trail. 

An innovative program at New Visions Charter High School for Advanced Math and Science II in the Bronx uses hip-hop to reach teenagers who may not respond to more traditional counseling. An innovative program at New Visions Charter High School for Advanced Math and Science II in the Bronx uses hip-hop to reach teenagers who may not respond to more traditional counseling. 

 The governor’s marks reflect rising concern among Iowa’s corn growers that Senator Ted Cruz, who wants to phase out federal support for ethanol, could win the state’s caucuses. The governor’s marks reflect rising concern among Iowa’s corn growers that Senator Ted Cruz, who wants to phase out federal support for ethanol, could win the state’s caucuses.

 Nearly 670 people, who had bought roughly $323,000 worth of tickets for performances that were canceled when City Opera went bankrupt in 2013, will get their money back. Nearly 670 people, who had bought roughly $323,000 worth of tickets for performances that were canceled when City Opera went bankrupt in 2013, will get their money back.

 Donald J. Trump’s two-day visit to Iowa comes as the billionaire developer is locked in a tight race with Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, with both trying to attract the support of evangelical Christians, Tea Party voters and social conservatives. Donald J. Trump’s two-day visit to Iowa comes as the billionaire developer is locked in a tight race with Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, with both trying to attract the support of evangelical Christians, Tea Party voters and social conservatives.

Kazandibi is a rich and creamy milk pudding with a burned bottom layer. Kazandibi is a rich and creamy milk pudding with a burned bottom layer. 

 The Republican establishment has no constituency. The Republican establishment has no constituency.

 Hours before a rally where Donald J. Trump has promised a big endorsement, Sarah Palin’s daughter Bristol attacked Senator Ted Cruz and said she hoped her mother would instead endorse Mr. Trump. Hours before a rally where Donald J. Trump has promised a big endorsement, Sarah Palin’s daughter Bristol attacked Senator Ted Cruz and said she hoped her mother would instead endorse Mr. Trump.

The plot of the Headlands Gamble, set in a series of secluded Marin County towns, revolves around the fictional mystery of a missing racehorse. The plot of the Headlands Gamble, set in a series of secluded Marin County towns, revolves around the fictional mystery of a missing racehorse. 

 The chief executive of the N.R.A. has challenged President Obama to a debate — but he sounds more like he’s calling for a duel. The chief executive of the N.R.A. has challenged President Obama to a debate — but he sounds more like he’s calling for a duel.

Several men’s shows, including Prada, Etro and Vivienne Westwood, embraced a casual dishabille. Several men’s shows, including Prada, Etro and Vivienne Westwood, embraced a casual dishabille. 

 A new collection of art essays and criticism will include more than 40 pieces that will be published for the first time, and some previously published only in limited editions. A new collection of art essays and criticism will include more than 40 pieces that will be published for the first time, and some previously published only in limited editions.

 A new documentary pulls back the curtain on some of America’s most popular over-the-counter dietary supplements. A new documentary pulls back the curtain on some of America’s most popular over-the-counter dietary supplements.

 Readers praised Bernie Sanders on campaign finance, Hillary Clinton on health care, and Martin O’Malley on “boots on the ground.” Readers praised Bernie Sanders on campaign finance, Hillary Clinton on health care, and Martin O’Malley on “boots on the ground.”

The company, which owns Nickelodeon, MTV and Paramount Pictures, has a slumping stock price, a well-compensated management team and board and a decade of missed opportunities online, says Eric Jackson. The company, which owns Nickelodeon, MTV and Paramount Pictures, has a slumping stock price, a well-compensated management team and board and a decade of missed opportunities online, says Eric Jackson. 

Alessandro Michele’s fall/winter 2016 men’s collection mixed patterns and decorative styles, for what he called an “alchemical reaction.” Alessandro Michele’s fall/winter 2016 men’s collection mixed patterns and decorative styles, for what he called an “alchemical reaction.” 

 A 5-year-old’s wail at a family party: “I don’t want YOUR daddy. Not Finley’s daddy, or Addie’s daddy, I want MY daddy.” A 5-year-old’s wail at a family party: “I don’t want YOUR daddy. Not Finley’s daddy, or Addie’s daddy, I want MY daddy.”

 Lending start-ups that rely on data-driven algorithms could widen the availability of credit and reduce costs for borrowers. But the new math raises questions of effectiveness and fairness. Lending start-ups that rely on data-driven algorithms could widen the availability of credit and reduce costs for borrowers. But the new math raises questions of effectiveness and fairness.

The court affirmed the convictions of an executive at Foundry Networks for tipping about the impending acquisition of the company. The court affirmed the convictions of an executive at Foundry Networks for tipping about the impending acquisition of the company. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Nazi raiding ships are reported active in the Pacific in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Nazi raiding ships are reported active in the Pacific in 1941.

 Disappointing on finance and health. Disappointing on finance and health.

 Dick Costolo, who stepped down as chief executive of Twitter last year, plans to build a new fitness-focused start-up and join a venture-capital firm. Dick Costolo, who stepped down as chief executive of Twitter last year, plans to build a new fitness-focused start-up and join a venture-capital firm.

 It’s easier to make money teaching adults business skills than it is teaching kids math and writing, forcing some ed tech start-ups to rethink their businesses. It’s easier to make money teaching adults business skills than it is teaching kids math and writing, forcing some ed tech start-ups to rethink their businesses.

 Ms. Midler will star in the title role of Dolly Gallagher Levi. Ms. Midler will star in the title role of Dolly Gallagher Levi.

Saudi Arabia’s foreign minister on the danger Iran poses to the Middle East. Saudi Arabia’s foreign minister on the danger Iran poses to the Middle East. Op-Ed article by Saudi Arabian foreign minister Adel Bin Ahmed Al-Jubeir accuses Iran, despite appearance of diplomatic opening, of attempting to extend its Islamic revolution across Middle East; cites Iran's recent ballistic missile test and its history of supporting extremist proxies as grounds for international community's continued suspicion.

Mr. Litton, New York City Ballet’s new music director, makes the transition from leading a symphony orchestra to conducting a ballet. Mr. Litton, New York City Ballet’s new music director, makes the transition from leading a symphony orchestra to conducting a ballet. Former symphony conductor Andrew Litton begins his tenure as New York City Ballet Orchestra’s music director with upcoming winter season opening program, Music Director’s Choice, at Lincoln Center; is planning concert series and possible recording to elevate ensemble’s status.

A poet ponders the lives of the people who keep elevators safe, wonders what they do in the cars, and compares their highs and lows to his own. A poet ponders the lives of the people who keep elevators safe, wonders what they do in the cars, and compares their highs and lows to his own. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: French hostages are welcomed back in Paris in 1916. From the International Herald Tribune archives: French hostages are welcomed back in Paris in 1916.

Giorgio Armani’s Fall 2016 men’s wear collection. Giorgio Armani’s Fall 2016 men’s wear collection. 

 An overreliance on anecdotal openings can make our prose feel shopworn rather than vivid. This is particularly true when readers encounter strangers at the top of two or more adjacent stories, whether in print or online. Here are a few recent examples. An overreliance on anecdotal openings can make our prose feel shopworn rather than vivid. This is particularly true when readers encounter strangers at the top of two or more adjacent stories, whether in print or online. Here are a few recent examples.

 Have you been following this week’s news? Take our quiz to see what you know and to learn more. Have you been following this week’s news? Take our quiz to see what you know and to learn more.

 Mr. Trump returns to the state on Tuesday amid a deepening faith-focused feud with Mr. Cruz of Texas. Mr. Trump returns to the state on Tuesday amid a deepening faith-focused feud with Mr. Cruz of Texas.

 On Tuesday morning, Mr. Sanders will leave Des Moines for a day packed with events across Iowa, where he has closed the gap with Hillary Clinton, and which is critical to his 2016 chances. On Tuesday morning, Mr. Sanders will leave Des Moines for a day packed with events across Iowa, where he has closed the gap with Hillary Clinton, and which is critical to his 2016 chances.

 Mr. Bush will highlight his message of national security and somber foreign policy in a high-profile speech that will emphasize both his implicit and explicit campaign trail theme: that he is best prepared to be commander in chief. Mr. Bush will highlight his message of national security and somber foreign policy in a high-profile speech that will emphasize both his implicit and explicit campaign trail theme: that he is best prepared to be commander in chief.

 On the second day of a five-day tour, Mr. Cruz, who has called his Spanish “lousy,” could not resist addressing a group of Spanish speakers in the language that his rivals Senator Marco Rubio of Florida and Jeb Bush speak much more readily. On the second day of a five-day tour, Mr. Cruz, who has called his Spanish “lousy,” could not resist addressing a group of Spanish speakers in the language that his rivals Senator Marco Rubio of Florida and Jeb Bush speak much more readily.

Monday: Equine dealings, windy weather, and a record-breaking flight Monday: Equine dealings, windy weather, and a record-breaking flight 

 It has been almost a week since Ms. Haley of South Carolina suggested in a State of the Union response that her fellow Republicans dial down their anger. For Tea Party activists in her state, the advice has served only to frustrate them further. It has been almost a week since Ms. Haley of South Carolina suggested in a State of the Union response that her fellow Republicans dial down their anger. For Tea Party activists in her state, the advice has served only to frustrate them further.

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 Iran to Pump More Oil Into Market Glut | China’s Growth at Slowest Pace Since 2009 Iran to Pump More Oil Into Market Glut | China’s Growth at Slowest Pace Since 2009

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

The Fall 2016 men’s collection from DSquared2. The Fall 2016 men’s collection from DSquared2. 

 What are the ideal parameters for an assignment that help you do your best work? What are the ideal parameters for an assignment that help you do your best work?

 What events occurred last weekend in regard to U.S. and Iranian diplomacy? What events occurred last weekend in regard to U.S. and Iranian diplomacy?

The campaign has reached the point at which the eventual nominee is usually near the top of the polls — spots still held by Donald Trump and Ted Cruz. The campaign has reached the point at which the eventual nominee is usually near the top of the polls — spots still held by Donald Trump and Ted Cruz. The Upshot; Republican presidential primaries have always featured surprising contenders early on, but 2016 contest has been marked by enduring popularity of outsiders; situation means party will either have stylistically radical nominee like Donald Trump, or establishment figure like Marco Rubio will make unusually dramatic comeback. 

Many journalists and political professionals were fooled by history. Occasionally, the basic laws of presidential politics can change. Many journalists and political professionals were fooled by history. Occasionally, the basic laws of presidential politics can change. 

 A pilot project in hospitals in California finds ways to avoid Caesarean sections when the expense and risks are not medically necessary. A pilot project in hospitals in California finds ways to avoid Caesarean sections when the expense and risks are not medically necessary.

 The goal of treatment is to show you this — not to make you feel more secure or comforted. The goal of treatment is to show you this — not to make you feel more secure or comforted.

Immigrants working in the fields endure a nightmare of sexual violence, and it’s rare for their attackers to be prosecuted. Immigrants working in the fields endure a nightmare of sexual violence, and it’s rare for their attackers to be prosecuted. Op-Ed article by Jose R Padilla and David Bacon highlights plight of female farmworkers in United States, who experience high rates of sexual harassment and violence and are routinely paid far less than male counterparts; calls for outreach and education efforts, stronger laws against employer retaliation and better protections for undocumented workers who come forward with complaints.

Canadian provinces and some American states have shown that raising the cost of burning fossil fuels does not damage the economy. Canadian provinces and some American states have shown that raising the cost of burning fossil fuels does not damage the economy. Editorial underscores fact that almost 40 nations and several states have implemented some form of carbon pricing and shown that it is viable strategy for lowering carbon emissions; contends arguments made by American lawmakers that carbon pricing would hurt businesses and consumers have been proven false by successful programs.

A new bill would further stigmatize and denigrate gay people. A new bill would further stigmatize and denigrate gay people. Editorial criticizes bill in Russian Parliament that would criminalize same-sex public displays of affection; notes Pres Vladimir V Putin supported 2013 law against so-called gay propaganda but has not explicitly backed new bill.

A professor believes that a dearth of failures reflects a lack of willingness to support “game-changing, wild-eyed, risky ideas.” A professor believes that a dearth of failures reflects a lack of willingness to support “game-changing, wild-eyed, risky ideas.” 

As overdose rates rise, candidates are opening up about the spread of addiction, hoping to connect with voters. As overdose rates rise, candidates are opening up about the spread of addiction, hoping to connect with voters. Emma Roller Op-Ed article observes epidemic of drug overdoses in New Hampshire is likely behind Republican presidential candidates' willingness to open up about their families' struggles with addiction; notes dramatic shift from tough stance on drugs and drug sentencing that has been typical among Republicans since presidency of Ronald Reagan.

Reality-based conservatives should mobilize against the hijacking of our party. Reality-based conservatives should mobilize against the hijacking of our party. David Brooks Op-Ed column calls on Republican lawmakers and party leaders to band together to avert disastrous possibility of presidency, or even nomination, of Donald Trump or Sen Ted Cruz; suggests grass-roots movement advocating governing conservatism.

Legislation planned for Senate introduction would interfere with regulation of big banks and businesses and limit protections for ordinary Americans. Legislation planned for Senate introduction would interfere with regulation of big banks and businesses and limit protections for ordinary Americans. Editorial criticizes bipartisan group of senators for introducing legislation that would impede implementation and enforcement of regulations on businesses and banks; points to series of corporate failures and financial crisis as examples of why regulations need to be stronger, not weaker.

Martin Peretz, a former owner, discusses the role of “a dauntingly cerebral publication.” Martin Peretz, a former owner, discusses the role of “a dauntingly cerebral publication.” 

A professor of international relations writes about the “precarious state” of Nigeria’s middle class. A professor of international relations writes about the “precarious state” of Nigeria’s middle class. 

The FACT Coalition writes that the Treasury’s plan falls short of what’s needed to combat the financial system’s role as a money-laundering haven. The FACT Coalition writes that the Treasury’s plan falls short of what’s needed to combat the financial system’s role as a money-laundering haven. 

A New York City principal says city officials are stifling innovation. A New York City principal says city officials are stifling innovation. 

Readers discuss the role of conservative ideology in the animus toward labor, and how unions made a middle-class life possible for teachers. Readers discuss the role of conservative ideology in the animus toward labor, and how unions made a middle-class life possible for teachers. 

 Even if hopes for a "victory" against cancer are unrealistic, how can government best be used to reduce its threat and lethalness? Even if hopes for a "victory" against cancer are unrealistic, how can government best be used to reduce its threat and lethalness?

 The seemingly endless and frozen landscapes around Greenland’s indigenous villages are vanishing and with them, a way of life. The seemingly endless and frozen landscapes around Greenland’s indigenous villages are vanishing and with them, a way of life.

 Lesson for aspiring engineers in a fiery failure on the path to routine commercial rocket launches. Lesson for aspiring engineers in a fiery failure on the path to routine commercial rocket launches.

Corrections appearing in print on Tuesday, January 19, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Tuesday, January 19, 2016. 

Quotation of the Day for Tuesday, January 19, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Tuesday, January 19, 2016. 

The Nets lost their third in a row, a game in which there were eight lead changes and 11 ties. The Nets lost their third in a row, a game in which there were eight lead changes and 11 ties. NBA Roundup; Toronto Raptors defeat Brooklyn Nets, 112-100.

 Thousands of people packed into an auditorium on Monday night for a rally held by Senator Bernie Sanders that at times felt like a boisterous football game. Thousands of people packed into an auditorium on Monday night for a rally held by Senator Bernie Sanders that at times felt like a boisterous football game.

 The new ad reservations, on top of a previous $1 million, come as Mr. Cruz finds himself under intense criticism from his rivals, including Donald J. Trump and Senator Marco Rubio of Florida. The new ad reservations, on top of a previous $1 million, come as Mr. Cruz finds himself under intense criticism from his rivals, including Donald J. Trump and Senator Marco Rubio of Florida.

Sri Lanka suspended its fast-bowling coach, Anusha Samaranayake, for two months over allegations of an attempt to bribe players. Sri Lanka suspended its fast-bowling coach, Anusha Samaranayake, for two months over allegations of an attempt to bribe players. 

Portland State linebacker A. J. Schlatter died Sunday night, possibly from complications from a tonsillectomy. Portland State linebacker A. J. Schlatter died Sunday night, possibly from complications from a tonsillectomy. Portland State University linebacker A J Schlatter dies, possibly of complications from tonsillectomy.

工作的鞋厂突然倒闭后，一位农民工从中国沿海城市返回位于四川农村的家乡。中国的鞋业在经济放缓的过程中遭到重击。 工作的鞋厂突然倒闭后，一位农民工从中国沿海城市返回位于四川农村的家乡。中国的鞋业在经济放缓的过程中遭到重击。 

 This word has appeared in four New York Times articles in the past three years. This word has appeared in four New York Times articles in the past three years.

KRESS--Alan Howard, an entertainment attorney who represented legendary musicians and performers, died on January 17th in New York City. He was 69. Mr. Kress was Vice President of Legal and Business Affairs for RCA Records, BMG International, BMG Classics and Warner Home Video. Subsequently, he founded an independent law firm representing artists, songwriters, music publishers, and producers. He served as a longtime member of the American Bar Association's Entertainment Law and Copyright Law Committees, and as a member of the Copyright Society of the United States. His work as editor of the discipline's main treatise, "Entertainment Industry Contracts," served as the foundation for a generation of entertainment lawyers. He is survived by his beloved wife of 40 years Marilyn, his daughter Marielle, his sister June, and his son-in-law Eric Goldstein. In lieu of flowers, donations are welcome to the Race for Hope, Washington, D.C. 1/3 KRESS--Alan Howard, an entertainment attorney who represented legendary musicians and performers, died on January 17th in New York City. He was 69. Mr. Kress was Vice President of Legal and Business Affairs for RCA Records, BMG International, BMG Classics and Warner Home Video. Subsequently, he founded an independent law firm representing artists, songwriters, music publishers, and producers. He served as a longtime member of the American Bar Association's Entertainment Law and Copyright Law Committees, and as a member of the Copyright Society of the United States. His work as editor of the discipline's main treatise, "Entertainment Industry Contracts," served as the foundation for a generation of entertainment lawyers. He is survived by his beloved wife of 40 years Marilyn, his daughter Marielle, his sister June, and his son-in-law Eric Goldstein. In lieu of flowers, donations are welcome to the Race for Hope, Washington, D.C. 1/3 

ISSELBACHER--Marga (nee Schiff). Born in Oberthulba, Germany June 6, 1927, passed away on January 17, 2016 surrounded by family in New York City. Doting mother and grandmother of Jesse, Tina, Kassidy, Samantha and Haley. She loved her family, Bob and Marjory Schiff, Carmen and Audrey Isselbacher, Gail Berney, Jonathan and Amie Schiff. She sorely missed the love of her life, Henry. Graveside service on Tuesday, January 19; Shiva at her home. 1/3 ISSELBACHER--Marga (nee Schiff). Born in Oberthulba, Germany June 6, 1927, passed away on January 17, 2016 surrounded by family in New York City. Doting mother and grandmother of Jesse, Tina, Kassidy, Samantha and Haley. She loved her family, Bob and Marjory Schiff, Carmen and Audrey Isselbacher, Gail Berney, Jonathan and Amie Schiff. She sorely missed the love of her life, Henry. Graveside service on Tuesday, January 19; Shiva at her home. 1/3 

FELDMAN--Elaine Kram. Born December 24, 1928 in Manhattan, died suddenly in her home in Mill Neck, NY January 15, 2016. Raised in Manhattan, attended Ethical Culture Fieldston School, graduated from Adelphi University. Worked for WNEW, Harper's Bazaar, eventually working in real estate sales. A beloved mother, wife, lover of animals, she's survived by her devoted husband of 60 years Dr. Gilbert Jay Feldman; daughter Melissa Feldman, of Manhattan; son John Harris Feldman and daughter-in-law Terri Behrens Feldman; grandchildren Tiarr Behrens Dahlen and Merrik Dahlen, all of St. Paul, Minnesota. The family asks donations be made to Cove Animal Rescue, Glen Cove, NY. 1/3 FELDMAN--Elaine Kram. Born December 24, 1928 in Manhattan, died suddenly in her home in Mill Neck, NY January 15, 2016. Raised in Manhattan, attended Ethical Culture Fieldston School, graduated from Adelphi University. Worked for WNEW, Harper's Bazaar, eventually working in real estate sales. A beloved mother, wife, lover of animals, she's survived by her devoted husband of 60 years Dr. Gilbert Jay Feldman; daughter Melissa Feldman, of Manhattan; son John Harris Feldman and daughter-in-law Terri Behrens Feldman; grandchildren Tiarr Behrens Dahlen and Merrik Dahlen, all of St. Paul, Minnesota. The family asks donations be made to Cove Animal Rescue, Glen Cove, NY. 1/3 

BERNARD--Herbert C. Our father Herbert C. Bernard passed away at home on January 16, 2016. He was 103 years old. He loved New York City. As the owner of a manufacturing business, he had clients throughout the City and watched neighborhoods change. He remembered horse drawn carriages filled the street and veterans of the Civil War parading in their uniforms on Memorial Day. His father survived the 1918 influenza and his uncle was gassed in World War I. Dad received an excellent public school education and graduated with highest honors from his high school while working for the Brooklyn Eagle covering sports. He entered Columbia in 1928 but to his great regret, had to leave to contribute to the support of his family. He made up for this perceived shortcoming by visiting libraries and museums. He became a connoisseur of drawings and paintings with a small collection. His deep commitment to the City was expressed in community service. Our father was the longest serving trustee of Congregation Emanu-El; he chaired many of its committees and he and our mother endowed its museum of Judaica. They were both actively involved in a number of charitable organizations. For Dad it included Montefiore Medical Center and UJA-Federation. He also was particularly proud of his service to his industry. For many years he was a board member of the Paperboard Packaging Council and served a term as its non-executive President. In addition to us he is survived by grandchildren, Geoffrey Dann, Deborah Fields, Adam Bernard and Claire Bernard, and great-grandchildren, Rebecca Dann, Emily Dann, and Lion Bernard De Rham. There will be a private family funeral service. Contributions in his honor may be made to the Herbert and Eileen Bernard Museum Judaica Fund at Congregation Emanu-El. Migs Woodside and Lewis Bernard 1/3 BERNARD--Herbert C. Our father Herbert C. Bernard passed away at home on January 16, 2016. He was 103 years old. He loved New York City. As the owner of a manufacturing business, he had clients throughout the City and watched neighborhoods change. He remembered horse drawn carriages filled the street and veterans of the Civil War parading in their uniforms on Memorial Day. His father survived the 1918 influenza and his uncle was gassed in World War I. Dad received an excellent public school education and graduated with highest honors from his high school while working for the Brooklyn Eagle covering sports. He entered Columbia in 1928 but to his great regret, had to leave to contribute to the support of his family. He made up for this perceived shortcoming by visiting libraries and museums. He became a connoisseur of drawings and paintings with a small collection. His deep commitment to the City was expressed in community service. Our father was the longest serving trustee of Congregation Emanu-El; he chaired many of its committees and he and our mother endowed its museum of Judaica. They were both actively involved in a number of charitable organizations. For Dad it included Montefiore Medical Center and UJA-Federation. He also was particularly proud of his service to his industry. For many years he was a board member of the Paperboard Packaging Council and served a term as its non-executive President. In addition to us he is survived by grandchildren, Geoffrey Dann, Deborah Fields, Adam Bernard and Claire Bernard, and great-grandchildren, Rebecca Dann, Emily Dann, and Lion Bernard De Rham. There will be a private family funeral service. Contributions in his honor may be made to the Herbert and Eileen Bernard Museum Judaica Fund at Congregation Emanu-El. Migs Woodside and Lewis Bernard 1/3 

LEVINE--Lillian, 92, of Enfield, CT, on January 17, 2016. Wife of the late Irving, daughter of the late Julius and Minnie Sugarman, mother of Scott, Rabbi Robert, and Sheree, mother-in-law of Alice Geller and Gina (Stahl) Levine, grandmother of Kate, Sarah, William, Judah, Ezra, David and Maya, sister of the late Sidney, Esther, Frieda and Samuel. Favorite aunt and friend of many. Devoted fifth grade teacher for many years in Ludlow, MA, affectionately known as "Lillian Levine the Homework Queen." Much loved and loving. Wise counsel to us all. Courageous in life and in death. Will be incredibly missed. 1/3 LEVINE--Lillian, 92, of Enfield, CT, on January 17, 2016. Wife of the late Irving, daughter of the late Julius and Minnie Sugarman, mother of Scott, Rabbi Robert, and Sheree, mother-in-law of Alice Geller and Gina (Stahl) Levine, grandmother of Kate, Sarah, William, Judah, Ezra, David and Maya, sister of the late Sidney, Esther, Frieda and Samuel. Favorite aunt and friend of many. Devoted fifth grade teacher for many years in Ludlow, MA, affectionately known as "Lillian Levine the Homework Queen." Much loved and loving. Wise counsel to us all. Courageous in life and in death. Will be incredibly missed. 1/3 

GARIBALDI--Justice Marie L.,of Weehawken, NJ, passed on January 15, 2016. Justice Garibaldi was born November 26, 1934, in Jersey City to Dr. Louis and Marie S. Garibaldi. As an only child, she lived most of her life in Hudson County. The Garibaldis raised their daughter with a strong belief in equal opportunity for women and encouraged her to pursue a nontraditional career path. She was a pioneer and role model to so many. She is survived by loving cousins, adoring godchildren and many cherished friends and colleagues. As a child, Justice Garibaldi attended Stevens Hoboken Academy through 12th grade. She graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree with honors in economics and a political science minor from Connecticut College (New London, CT) in 1956. With an intent to follow in her grandfather's footsteps and attend business school, Justice Garibaldi learned first-hand women weren't accepted. Instead, she enrolled in Columbia Law School as a pathway into the business world and graduated in 1959. In 1963, Justice Garibaldi earned her Master of Laws degree in tax law from New York University School of Law. She was a member of the New Jersey, New York, and District of Columbia Bars and the first woman to serve as president of the New Jersey State Bar Association. Justice Garibaldi began her legal career with the New York Regional Counsel in the Internal Revenue Service. She received extensive trial experience in Tax Court. The Hatch Act restricted government employees from political speech-making and article-writing which ultimately caused Justice Garibaldi to make her next career move. She briefly worked at a firm now known as Riker, Danzig, Scherer, Hyland & Perretti (Riker, Danzig)-within three years she was made a partner which was virtually unheard of at that time. While at Riker, Danzig, Justice Garibaldi also served as a municipal court judge in Weehawken, NJ, from 1973 to 1975, writing the majority of opinion in several cases affecting women. Justice Garibaldi was introduced to Republican Thomas H. Kean by a Riker, Danzig partner. This ultimately led Justice Garibaldi to serve as co-chair of his gubernatorial campaign. Once elected, Governor Thomas H. Kean nominated Justice Garibaldi to the New Jersey Supreme Court. In 1982, Justice Garibaldi became the first woman appointed to the New Jersey Supreme Court- she served as Associate Justice of New Jersey's highest court until she retired in 2000. She authored more than 225 opinions while on the Supreme Court and was known for her advocacy of complementary dispute resolution. She chaired the Supreme Court's committee on that subject, and in 1998, the American Inns of Court Foundation established the Justice Marie L. Garibaldi American Inn of Court for Alternative Dispute Resolution. Justice Garibaldi was the recipient of many awards, including the Medal of Excellence from the Columbia University School of Law. She received honorary degrees from St. John's University Law School, Seton Hall University Law School, Fairleigh Dickinson University, Drew University, Upsala College, St. Peter's College, Caldwell College, and the College of Saint Elizabeth. Justice Garibaldi joined the Hackensack University Medical Center in 2001 and served as vice chair of Hackensack University Medical Center's Board of Governors. She also served on the Hackensack University Health Network's Board of Trustees, as chair of the Executive Compensation Committee and on the Hackensack University Medical Center Foundation's Board of Trustees. She chaired the Hudson Riverfront Performing Arts Center and served as a member of the Board of Directors of the National Italian American Foundation. Justice Garibaldi also served as a director of Crown Holdings, Inc. from 2000 to 2007. She also served as a member of the New Jersey Council on Local Mandates. In addition, Justice Garibaldi served as the secretary of the American Association Order of Malta, USA and executive vice president of the American Society of the Italian Legions of Merit. She also served as a director of the State Chamber of Commerce, New Jersey Bell Telephone Co., and the Washington Savings Bank. She also was a trustee of St. Peter's College. Justice Garibaldi truly enjoyed traveling, reading mysteries, and dinner and dancing with friends. She will be greatly missed by friends, loved ones and colleagues. Justice Marie L. Garibaldi was predeceased by her parents-her father, Dr. Louis Garibaldi passed away in 1975 and her mother, Marie S. Garibaldi passed away in 2013 at the age of 103. The funeral will be on Thursday, January 21 at 9am from the Leber Funeral Home in Union City then to St. Augustine Church where, at 10am, a Mass will be offered. Visitation will be on Tuesday, January 19 from 7 to 9pm, Wednesday, January 20 from 2 to 5pm and 7 to 9pm. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to Hackensack University Medical Center Foundation, Hackensack, NJ; St. Augustine's School, Union City, NJ; Hudson Riverfront Performing Arts Center, Weehawken, NJ. 1/3 GARIBALDI--Justice Marie L.,of Weehawken, NJ, passed on January 15, 2016. Justice Garibaldi was born November 26, 1934, in Jersey City to Dr. Louis and Marie S. Garibaldi. As an only child, she lived most of her life in Hudson County. The Garibaldis raised their daughter with a strong belief in equal opportunity for women and encouraged her to pursue a nontraditional career path. She was a pioneer and role model to so many. She is survived by loving cousins, adoring godchildren and many cherished friends and colleagues. As a child, Justice Garibaldi attended Stevens Hoboken Academy through 12th grade. She graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree with honors in economics and a political science minor from Connecticut College (New London, CT) in 1956. With an intent to follow in her grandfather's footsteps and attend business school, Justice Garibaldi learned first-hand women weren't accepted. Instead, she enrolled in Columbia Law School as a pathway into the business world and graduated in 1959. In 1963, Justice Garibaldi earned her Master of Laws degree in tax law from New York University School of Law. She was a member of the New Jersey, New York, and District of Columbia Bars and the first woman to serve as president of the New Jersey State Bar Association. Justice Garibaldi began her legal career with the New York Regional Counsel in the Internal Revenue Service. She received extensive trial experience in Tax Court. The Hatch Act restricted government employees from political speech-making and article-writing which ultimately caused Justice Garibaldi to make her next career move. She briefly worked at a firm now known as Riker, Danzig, Scherer, Hyland & Perretti (Riker, Danzig)-within three years she was made a partner which was virtually unheard of at that time. While at Riker, Danzig, Justice Garibaldi also served as a municipal court judge in Weehawken, NJ, from 1973 to 1975, writing the majority of opinion in several cases affecting women. Justice Garibaldi was introduced to Republican Thomas H. Kean by a Riker, Danzig partner. This ultimately led Justice Garibaldi to serve as co-chair of his gubernatorial campaign. Once elected, Governor Thomas H. Kean nominated Justice Garibaldi to the New Jersey Supreme Court. In 1982, Justice Garibaldi became the first woman appointed to the New Jersey Supreme Court- she served as Associate Justice of New Jersey's highest court until she retired in 2000. She authored more than 225 opinions while on the Supreme Court and was known for her advocacy of complementary dispute resolution. She chaired the Supreme Court's committee on that subject, and in 1998, the American Inns of Court Foundation established the Justice Marie L. Garibaldi American Inn of Court for Alternative Dispute Resolution. Justice Garibaldi was the recipient of many awards, including the Medal of Excellence from the Columbia University School of Law. She received honorary degrees from St. John's University Law School, Seton Hall University Law School, Fairleigh Dickinson University, Drew University, Upsala College, St. Peter's College, Caldwell College, and the College of Saint Elizabeth. Justice Garibaldi joined the Hackensack University Medical Center in 2001 and served as vice chair of Hackensack University Medical Center's Board of Governors. She also served on the Hackensack University Health Network's Board of Trustees, as chair of the Executive Compensation Committee and on the Hackensack University Medical Center Foundation's Board of Trustees. She chaired the Hudson Riverfront Performing Arts Center and served as a member of the Board of Directors of the National Italian American Foundation. Justice Garibaldi also served as a director of Crown Holdings, Inc. from 2000 to 2007. She also served as a member of the New Jersey Council on Local Mandates. In addition, Justice Garibaldi served as the secretary of the American Association Order of Malta, USA and executive vice president of the American Society of the Italian Legions of Merit. She also served as a director of the State Chamber of Commerce, New Jersey Bell Telephone Co., and the Washington Savings Bank. She also was a trustee of St. Peter's College. Justice Garibaldi truly enjoyed traveling, reading mysteries, and dinner and dancing with friends. She will be greatly missed by friends, loved ones and colleagues. Justice Marie L. Garibaldi was predeceased by her parents-her father, Dr. Louis Garibaldi passed away in 1975 and her mother, Marie S. Garibaldi passed away in 2013 at the age of 103. The funeral will be on Thursday, January 21 at 9am from the Leber Funeral Home in Union City then to St. Augustine Church where, at 10am, a Mass will be offered. Visitation will be on Tuesday, January 19 from 7 to 9pm, Wednesday, January 20 from 2 to 5pm and 7 to 9pm. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to Hackensack University Medical Center Foundation, Hackensack, NJ; St. Augustine's School, Union City, NJ; Hudson Riverfront Performing Arts Center, Weehawken, NJ. 1/3 

LIEBER--Constance. The faculty and staff of the Lieber Institute for Brain Development and the Maltz Research Laboratories at the Johns Hopkins Medical Campus mourn the loss of their inspirational and beloved Founder and Director, Constance Lieber. For more than 30 years, she led an international movement to bring research about behavioral brain disorders to the forefront of biomedical science. Connie Lieber's vision, her determination, and her historic generosity launched thousands of scientific careers. In 2010, she established the Lieber Institute for Brain Development because she was convinced that a new strategy was needed to accelerate progress and to find cures for developmental brain disorders. As she said: "This is our dream, to find out what causes these disorders, and we felt it had to be a concerted effort, to study the brain and how it develops, and this is what the Institute is all about." The world of behavioral and developmental neuroscience has lost one of its strongest advocates and supporters. Connie is always in our hearts and minds. In honor of her passion and commitment, we will work tirelessly to achieve the mission she empowered us to pursue. 1/3 LIEBER--Constance. The faculty and staff of the Lieber Institute for Brain Development and the Maltz Research Laboratories at the Johns Hopkins Medical Campus mourn the loss of their inspirational and beloved Founder and Director, Constance Lieber. For more than 30 years, she led an international movement to bring research about behavioral brain disorders to the forefront of biomedical science. Connie Lieber's vision, her determination, and her historic generosity launched thousands of scientific careers. In 2010, she established the Lieber Institute for Brain Development because she was convinced that a new strategy was needed to accelerate progress and to find cures for developmental brain disorders. As she said: "This is our dream, to find out what causes these disorders, and we felt it had to be a concerted effort, to study the brain and how it develops, and this is what the Institute is all about." The world of behavioral and developmental neuroscience has lost one of its strongest advocates and supporters. Connie is always in our hearts and minds. In honor of her passion and commitment, we will work tirelessly to achieve the mission she empowered us to pursue. 1/3 

ABRAMSON--Richard. Age 70, of Hewlett Bay Park and Manhattan, passed away peacefully at home on January 17, 2016 after a long and brave battle with Multiple Myeloma. Loving husband of Lorraine, beloved father of Gregg and Jill, father-in-Iaw of Lauren and Jake and proud grandpa to Emma, Leah, Miles and Sadie. Richard was Senior Vice President and Senior Managing Director at Alliance Bernstein for 37 years, President of The Washington Institute for Near East Policy and served on the investment committees of North Shore-LIJ Health System, The Association of Graduates of The Air Force Academy and the Legacy Heritage Fund. He was a board member of The American Friends of The Hebrew University. Richard initiated and funded a program at The Auschwitz Jewish Center, where cadets from the Air Force, West Point and The Naval Academies go to Auschwitz to study the Holocaust. He supported The Israel Sports Center for the Disabled, AIPAC and UJA-Federation. Richard was an avid swimmer, winning a gold and silver medal at the Maccabi Games in 1961 and met his wife Lorraine at the Maccabi Games in 1965. His passion for swimming led him and his swimming buddies to swim the English Channel in 2008 and they did a relay swim around Manhattan Island in 2013 to raise money for Multiple Myeloma. He received a Bachelor of Science degree from the U.S. Air Force Academy and a Masters in Business Administration from Babson College. He was a CFA (Chartered Financial Analyst) charterholder. Richard's optimism throughout his illness was an inspiration to us all. Funeral services will be held at Stephen Wise Free Synagogue, 30 West 68th Street, New York, NY 10023 on Wednesday, January 20 at 10am. Donations may be made to: The Ichan School of Medicine at Mt. Sinai, Multiple Myeloma Research, Mt. Sinai Development Office, One Gustave L. Levy Place, Box 1049, New York, NY 10029. 1/3 ABRAMSON--Richard. Age 70, of Hewlett Bay Park and Manhattan, passed away peacefully at home on January 17, 2016 after a long and brave battle with Multiple Myeloma. Loving husband of Lorraine, beloved father of Gregg and Jill, father-in-Iaw of Lauren and Jake and proud grandpa to Emma, Leah, Miles and Sadie. Richard was Senior Vice President and Senior Managing Director at Alliance Bernstein for 37 years, President of The Washington Institute for Near East Policy and served on the investment committees of North Shore-LIJ Health System, The Association of Graduates of The Air Force Academy and the Legacy Heritage Fund. He was a board member of The American Friends of The Hebrew University. Richard initiated and funded a program at The Auschwitz Jewish Center, where cadets from the Air Force, West Point and The Naval Academies go to Auschwitz to study the Holocaust. He supported The Israel Sports Center for the Disabled, AIPAC and UJA-Federation. Richard was an avid swimmer, winning a gold and silver medal at the Maccabi Games in 1961 and met his wife Lorraine at the Maccabi Games in 1965. His passion for swimming led him and his swimming buddies to swim the English Channel in 2008 and they did a relay swim around Manhattan Island in 2013 to raise money for Multiple Myeloma. He received a Bachelor of Science degree from the U.S. Air Force Academy and a Masters in Business Administration from Babson College. He was a CFA (Chartered Financial Analyst) charterholder. Richard's optimism throughout his illness was an inspiration to us all. Funeral services will be held at Stephen Wise Free Synagogue, 30 West 68th Street, New York, NY 10023 on Wednesday, January 20 at 10am. Donations may be made to: The Ichan School of Medicine at Mt. Sinai, Multiple Myeloma Research, Mt. Sinai Development Office, One Gustave L. Levy Place, Box 1049, New York, NY 10029. 1/3 

EHRMAN--Mark. SAR mourns the passing of the beloved brother of leaders of the SAR community, Teena (and Larry) Lerner, uncle of SAR alumni Bat-Sheva, Mo, Shira and Talya. May the family be comforted amongst the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. Jack C. Bendheim, President 1/3 EHRMAN--Mark. SAR mourns the passing of the beloved brother of leaders of the SAR community, Teena (and Larry) Lerner, uncle of SAR alumni Bat-Sheva, Mo, Shira and Talya. May the family be comforted amongst the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. Jack C. Bendheim, President 1/3 

ALLMAN--Daniel J.,died January 14, 2016. He is remembered lovingly by his family which includes Michael, Jack and Eileen, Jennifer and Minas, and two treasured grand-nieces, as well as by devoted friends who include Barbara and Laurie of New Directions Publishing, and Sylvia. We cherish Dan's warmth and charm and ever- present wit. And we shall not forget that with him in our hearts we'll always have Paris and Oak Grove too. 1/3 ALLMAN--Daniel J.,died January 14, 2016. He is remembered lovingly by his family which includes Michael, Jack and Eileen, Jennifer and Minas, and two treasured grand-nieces, as well as by devoted friends who include Barbara and Laurie of New Directions Publishing, and Sylvia. We cherish Dan's warmth and charm and ever- present wit. And we shall not forget that with him in our hearts we'll always have Paris and Oak Grove too. 1/3 

BINDER--Frederick M.,84 on January 16, 2016. Beloved husband of Teris, loving father of Abby and grandfather of Jaydon and Nathaniel. Professor emeritus at City University, College of Staten Island. Devoted and talented educator for 43 years. Services 10:30am Tuesday, January 19 at Temple Emeth, 1666 Windsor Rd., Teaneck, NJ. 1/3 BINDER--Frederick M.,84 on January 16, 2016. Beloved husband of Teris, loving father of Abby and grandfather of Jaydon and Nathaniel. Professor emeritus at City University, College of Staten Island. Devoted and talented educator for 43 years. Services 10:30am Tuesday, January 19 at Temple Emeth, 1666 Windsor Rd., Teaneck, NJ. 1/3 

WALSH--Joseph M.,72, of Orangeburg, NY, formerly of Woodcliff Lake, NJ and CEO and Chairman of Curtis Circulation Company and owner of The Stadium Sports Memorabilia Bar and Restaurant, passed away Friday, January 15, 2016 at 4:18pm after his heroic battle with pancreatic cancer. Walsh is survived by his wife, Theresa Walsh (nee Vericker), their five children, Joseph, Jr., Matthew (Laura), Teresa Ann (Steven), John (Emilie) and James (Christina); and their fifteen grandchildren, Ryan, Michael, Kate, Colin, Sean, Erin, Aidan, John Patrick, Nicole, Kellie Rose, Christopher, Nicholas, Joseph, Juliana and Gabriella. A wake will be held for Walsh from 7 to 9pm on Monday, January 18, 2016 and from 2 to 4pm and 7 to 9pm on Tuesday, January 19, 2016 at the Moritz Funeral Home, 98 Route 303 South, Tappan, NY 10983. A Mass of Christian Burial will be celebrated at 10:00am on Wednesday, January 20, 2016 at St. Anthony's Church, 36 West Nyack Road, Nanuet, NY 10954. Memorial contributions may be made to Project Children, a registered 501(c)(3) Non-profit organization at PO Box 933, Greenwood Lake, NY 10925. 1/3 WALSH--Joseph M.,72, of Orangeburg, NY, formerly of Woodcliff Lake, NJ and CEO and Chairman of Curtis Circulation Company and owner of The Stadium Sports Memorabilia Bar and Restaurant, passed away Friday, January 15, 2016 at 4:18pm after his heroic battle with pancreatic cancer. Walsh is survived by his wife, Theresa Walsh (nee Vericker), their five children, Joseph, Jr., Matthew (Laura), Teresa Ann (Steven), John (Emilie) and James (Christina); and their fifteen grandchildren, Ryan, Michael, Kate, Colin, Sean, Erin, Aidan, John Patrick, Nicole, Kellie Rose, Christopher, Nicholas, Joseph, Juliana and Gabriella. A wake will be held for Walsh from 7 to 9pm on Monday, January 18, 2016 and from 2 to 4pm and 7 to 9pm on Tuesday, January 19, 2016 at the Moritz Funeral Home, 98 Route 303 South, Tappan, NY 10983. A Mass of Christian Burial will be celebrated at 10:00am on Wednesday, January 20, 2016 at St. Anthony's Church, 36 West Nyack Road, Nanuet, NY 10954. Memorial contributions may be made to Project Children, a registered 501(c)(3) Non-profit organization at PO Box 933, Greenwood Lake, NY 10925. 1/3 

GORFINKLE--Sara A.,of New York City, died on January 11, 2016, following complications after surgery. Ms. Gorfinkle was born in Boston, MA, on July 10, 1932. A graduate of Boston University, she moved to New York in the 1950s, where she became a recognized etiquette authority. Memorial services will be held in New York and Boston. 1/3 GORFINKLE--Sara A.,of New York City, died on January 11, 2016, following complications after surgery. Ms. Gorfinkle was born in Boston, MA, on July 10, 1932. A graduate of Boston University, she moved to New York in the 1950s, where she became a recognized etiquette authority. Memorial services will be held in New York and Boston. 1/3 

ABRAMSON--Richard S. The Washington Institute extends its deepest condolences to the family of our beloved president, Richard S. Abramson, on his passing at age 70. A longstanding Institute officer, Richard is remembered by those whose lives he touched as a friend, partner, mentor, and inspirational leader. In life and in death, he was fearless, facing great challenges with remarkable courage, boundless energy and infectious good humor. May his memory be for a true and lasting blessing. Martin J. Gross, Chairman Robert B. Satloff, Executive Director 1/3 ABRAMSON--Richard S. The Washington Institute extends its deepest condolences to the family of our beloved president, Richard S. Abramson, on his passing at age 70. A longstanding Institute officer, Richard is remembered by those whose lives he touched as a friend, partner, mentor, and inspirational leader. In life and in death, he was fearless, facing great challenges with remarkable courage, boundless energy and infectious good humor. May his memory be for a true and lasting blessing. Martin J. Gross, Chairman Robert B. Satloff, Executive Director 1/3 

LIEBER--Constance. The faculty and staff of Columbia University's College of Physicians and Surgeons and its Department of Psychiatry, NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital, and the New York State Psychiatric Institute deeply mourn the passing of our beloved and dear friend, Connie Lieber. Connie and her husband, Steve, were generous supporters and inspirational leaders in the field of psychiatry. In the early 1980s, the Liebers joined the fledgling National Alliance for Research on Schizophrenia and Depression, now the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation. Their support and eventual leadership made BBRF the major source of private funding for research on mental illness. In addition to psychiatric research, the Liebers generously supported other programs at Columbia University over a 20-year period; their philanthropy benefited the training of M.D. and Ph.D. students, established the Lieber Center for Schizophrenia Research, and funded the Lieber Clinic for Recovery from Mental Illness. In 2014, Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons honored the Liebers with the Crown Award. The entire Columbia community extends its deepest condolences to the Lieber Family. Lee Goldman, M.D. Harold and Margaret Hatch Professor Executive Vice President, Dean of the Faculties of Health Sciences and Medicine, and Chief Executive of Columbia University Medical Center Steven Corwin, M.D. President and Chief Executive Officer NewYork- Presbyterian Hospital Jeffrey Lieberman, M.D. Chairman of Psychiatry, Psychiatrist-in-Chief, and Lawrence C. Kolb Professor at Columbia University Medical Center and NewYork- Presbyterian Hospital, and Director at New York State Psychiatric Institute Herbert Pardes, M.D. Executive Vice Chairman of the Board of Trustees at NewYork- Presbyterian Hospital 1/3 LIEBER--Constance. The faculty and staff of Columbia University's College of Physicians and Surgeons and its Department of Psychiatry, NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital, and the New York State Psychiatric Institute deeply mourn the passing of our beloved and dear friend, Connie Lieber. Connie and her husband, Steve, were generous supporters and inspirational leaders in the field of psychiatry. In the early 1980s, the Liebers joined the fledgling National Alliance for Research on Schizophrenia and Depression, now the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation. Their support and eventual leadership made BBRF the major source of private funding for research on mental illness. In addition to psychiatric research, the Liebers generously supported other programs at Columbia University over a 20-year period; their philanthropy benefited the training of M.D. and Ph.D. students, established the Lieber Center for Schizophrenia Research, and funded the Lieber Clinic for Recovery from Mental Illness. In 2014, Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons honored the Liebers with the Crown Award. The entire Columbia community extends its deepest condolences to the Lieber Family. Lee Goldman, M.D. Harold and Margaret Hatch Professor Executive Vice President, Dean of the Faculties of Health Sciences and Medicine, and Chief Executive of Columbia University Medical Center Steven Corwin, M.D. President and Chief Executive Officer NewYork- Presbyterian Hospital Jeffrey Lieberman, M.D. Chairman of Psychiatry, Psychiatrist-in-Chief, and Lawrence C. Kolb Professor at Columbia University Medical Center and NewYork- Presbyterian Hospital, and Director at New York State Psychiatric Institute Herbert Pardes, M.D. Executive Vice Chairman of the Board of Trustees at NewYork- Presbyterian Hospital 1/3 

MURPHY--Arthur W.,93, Professor Emeritus of Columbia Law School, died on January 16th. He was a graduate of Boston Latin School, Harvard University, and Columbia Law School (Class of 1948). A veteran of the 17th Airborne Division in WWII, he joined the faculty of Columbia Law School in 1963 after stints at the U.S. Department of Justice and in private practice. Professor Murphy taught until four years ago, becoming, at 89, the oldest active professor in the history of the Law School. Survived by wife Jean, children Lois, Rachel, and Paul; sons- in-law Peter and James; grandchildren Matthew, Elizabeth, Keith, Julia, Alexander, and Nicholas; and great- grandchildren Kayla, Autumn, and Zoe. A memorial at Columbia Law School will be announced as soon as plans are completed. 1/3 MURPHY--Arthur W.,93, Professor Emeritus of Columbia Law School, died on January 16th. He was a graduate of Boston Latin School, Harvard University, and Columbia Law School (Class of 1948). A veteran of the 17th Airborne Division in WWII, he joined the faculty of Columbia Law School in 1963 after stints at the U.S. Department of Justice and in private practice. Professor Murphy taught until four years ago, becoming, at 89, the oldest active professor in the history of the Law School. Survived by wife Jean, children Lois, Rachel, and Paul; sons- in-law Peter and James; grandchildren Matthew, Elizabeth, Keith, Julia, Alexander, and Nicholas; and great- grandchildren Kayla, Autumn, and Zoe. A memorial at Columbia Law School will be announced as soon as plans are completed. 1/3 

SHULDMAN--Chanka (Anna), died Sunday, January 17 at the age of 92. Born in Lodz, Poland, Anna was a survivor of the Holocaust and moved to Brooklyn after the War. Widow of Philip Shuldman, and mother to Marvin Shuldman and Renee Siebert. Beloved grandmother of four and great-grandmother of four. Anna was generous and kind and never asked for anything in return. She was sharp as a tack right to the end. 1/3 SHULDMAN--Chanka (Anna), died Sunday, January 17 at the age of 92. Born in Lodz, Poland, Anna was a survivor of the Holocaust and moved to Brooklyn after the War. Widow of Philip Shuldman, and mother to Marvin Shuldman and Renee Siebert. Beloved grandmother of four and great-grandmother of four. Anna was generous and kind and never asked for anything in return. She was sharp as a tack right to the end. 1/3 

SIEGLER--Lillian R (nee Menkes), on January 15, 2016, in her 93rd year. Preceded in death by her loving husband Morton and brother Irwin; Loving mother of Claudia (Joel Auerbach) and William (Maryellen); Beloved Gram to "her girls" Marisa and Steffi (Connie) Auerbach, Willam, Annabelle and Elijah Siegler. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to PBS. 1/3 SIEGLER--Lillian R (nee Menkes), on January 15, 2016, in her 93rd year. Preceded in death by her loving husband Morton and brother Irwin; Loving mother of Claudia (Joel Auerbach) and William (Maryellen); Beloved Gram to "her girls" Marisa and Steffi (Connie) Auerbach, Willam, Annabelle and Elijah Siegler. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to PBS. 1/3 

ABRAMSON--Richard. The Board of Governers and the Members of The Seawane Club, record with sorrow the loss of our member Richard Abramson. We extend heartfelt sympathy to his wife Lorraine and family. Jeffrey Greenfeld, President 1/3 ABRAMSON--Richard. The Board of Governers and the Members of The Seawane Club, record with sorrow the loss of our member Richard Abramson. We extend heartfelt sympathy to his wife Lorraine and family. Jeffrey Greenfeld, President 1/3 

SONTAG--Jacob Ross, 19, died January 18, 2016 after a long and difficult battle with Canavan Disease. Son of Richard and Heidi Sontag and Jordana and Gareth Holovach. Brother of Blair and Dean Sontag and Remi and Hailey Holovach. The funeral will be on Thursday, January 21st at 10:00am, Congregation Kol Ami, 252 Soundview Ave., White Plains, NY 10606. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to Blythedale Children's Hospital or Canavan Research Illinois. 1/3 SONTAG--Jacob Ross, 19, died January 18, 2016 after a long and difficult battle with Canavan Disease. Son of Richard and Heidi Sontag and Jordana and Gareth Holovach. Brother of Blair and Dean Sontag and Remi and Hailey Holovach. The funeral will be on Thursday, January 21st at 10:00am, Congregation Kol Ami, 252 Soundview Ave., White Plains, NY 10606. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to Blythedale Children's Hospital or Canavan Research Illinois. 1/3 

KRESS--Alan. Congregation Rodeph Sholom mourns the loss of our long-time member, Alan Kress, beloved husband of Marilyn Kress. We will miss his caring and devotion to family, friends and synagogue. Our deepest condolences to Marilyn, their daughter Marielle, son-in-law Eric and all their dear ones. Robert N. Levine, D.D., Senior Rabbi Martin Flumenbaum, President 1/3 KRESS--Alan. Congregation Rodeph Sholom mourns the loss of our long-time member, Alan Kress, beloved husband of Marilyn Kress. We will miss his caring and devotion to family, friends and synagogue. Our deepest condolences to Marilyn, their daughter Marielle, son-in-law Eric and all their dear ones. Robert N. Levine, D.D., Senior Rabbi Martin Flumenbaum, President 1/3 

LEVINE--Lillian. Congregation Rodeph Sholom is deeply saddened by the death of Lillian Levine, widow of the late Irving Levine and beloved mother of Robert N. Levine, our senior rabbi, and Scott and Sheree Levine. Lillian is survived by her daughters-in-law, Gina Stahl Levine and Alice Geller, her seven grandchildren, Judah, Ezra, Maya, Kate, Sarah, William and David. The funeral will be held in Springfield, MA, on Tuesday, January 19 at 11:30am at the Ascher-Zimmerman Funeral Home in Springfield, MA. Interment follows the service. Shiva reception will be held at Beth El Temple on Dickinson Street in Springfield from 2-5pm. We extend our deepest condolences to the entire family. Clergy, Board of Trustees, Staff and Members of Congregation Rodeph Sholom 1/3 LEVINE--Lillian. Congregation Rodeph Sholom is deeply saddened by the death of Lillian Levine, widow of the late Irving Levine and beloved mother of Robert N. Levine, our senior rabbi, and Scott and Sheree Levine. Lillian is survived by her daughters-in-law, Gina Stahl Levine and Alice Geller, her seven grandchildren, Judah, Ezra, Maya, Kate, Sarah, William and David. The funeral will be held in Springfield, MA, on Tuesday, January 19 at 11:30am at the Ascher-Zimmerman Funeral Home in Springfield, MA. Interment follows the service. Shiva reception will be held at Beth El Temple on Dickinson Street in Springfield from 2-5pm. We extend our deepest condolences to the entire family. Clergy, Board of Trustees, Staff and Members of Congregation Rodeph Sholom 1/3 

ADES--Alan M. The Metropolitan Opera mourns the death of Alan M. Ades, a loyal and devoted friend of the Met, who was a distinguished member of the Board for almost 25 years. Mr. Ades served as a Member of the Association from 1987 to 1999, and as an Advisory Director from 1999 to 2011. On behalf of everyone at the Met, we extend our sincere condolences to his wife, Member of the Association Joan Taub Ades, his daughters Jane and Susan Ades, and his family and friends. He will be missed, but his kindness to the Met will always be remembered. Ann Ziff, Chairman of the Board Judith-Ann Corrente, President & CEO Peter Gelb, General Manager 1/3 ADES--Alan M. The Metropolitan Opera mourns the death of Alan M. Ades, a loyal and devoted friend of the Met, who was a distinguished member of the Board for almost 25 years. Mr. Ades served as a Member of the Association from 1987 to 1999, and as an Advisory Director from 1999 to 2011. On behalf of everyone at the Met, we extend our sincere condolences to his wife, Member of the Association Joan Taub Ades, his daughters Jane and Susan Ades, and his family and friends. He will be missed, but his kindness to the Met will always be remembered. Ann Ziff, Chairman of the Board Judith-Ann Corrente, President & CEO Peter Gelb, General Manager 1/3 

GIOVANNIELLO--Margaret Montgomery Torr, of Cedarhurst on January 17, 2016. Devoted wife, mother, attorney, administrative law judge and bar association leader. Born on May 23, 1927, in Terre Haute, Indiana, a graduate of the University of Wisconsin and Brooklyn Law School. After marriage to husband Joseph on June 10, 1951, they attended law school together at night while working full-time, then practiced law as Giovanniello & Giovanniello. Later, an administrative law judge with the New York State Department of Labor, she was a leader of the bar, serving as president of the Brooklyn Women's Bar Association, the New York Association of Administrative Law Judges and the National Association of Administrative Law Judiciary. Judge Giovanniello is survived by her sister Helen Exton; four sons: Rocco, Raymond, Joseph Jr., and Earle and six grandchildren, Lauren, Ray Jr., Rachel, Daniel, Sarah and Elizabeth. Family will receive friends at Flinch & Bruns Funeral Home, 34 Hempstead Avenue, Lynbrook, NY, Wednesday, January 20, 2016 from 2-4 and 7-9pm. Interment St. Charles Cemetery, Farmingdale on Thursday, January 21, 2016 at 11am. For further information, please visit www.flinchand bruns.com. 1/3 GIOVANNIELLO--Margaret Montgomery Torr, of Cedarhurst on January 17, 2016. Devoted wife, mother, attorney, administrative law judge and bar association leader. Born on May 23, 1927, in Terre Haute, Indiana, a graduate of the University of Wisconsin and Brooklyn Law School. After marriage to husband Joseph on June 10, 1951, they attended law school together at night while working full-time, then practiced law as Giovanniello & Giovanniello. Later, an administrative law judge with the New York State Department of Labor, she was a leader of the bar, serving as president of the Brooklyn Women's Bar Association, the New York Association of Administrative Law Judges and the National Association of Administrative Law Judiciary. Judge Giovanniello is survived by her sister Helen Exton; four sons: Rocco, Raymond, Joseph Jr., and Earle and six grandchildren, Lauren, Ray Jr., Rachel, Daniel, Sarah and Elizabeth. Family will receive friends at Flinch & Bruns Funeral Home, 34 Hempstead Avenue, Lynbrook, NY, Wednesday, January 20, 2016 from 2-4 and 7-9pm. Interment St. Charles Cemetery, Farmingdale on Thursday, January 21, 2016 at 11am. For further information, please visit www.flinchand bruns.com. 1/3 

YANKAUER--Margaret Bonny, 80, of Ramsey, NJ, succumbed peacefully to cancer on January 15, 2016 with her sons by her side. Ms. Yankauer was born on April 12, 1935 in New York City to Eva (Slifka) and Leonard Berger. She attended Bronx High School of Science and Smith College. Known to her family and friends as Bonny, she was an expert collector and purveyor of fine vintage costume jewelry such as Trifari, Haskel, and Hollycraft. She was a frequent exhibitor at the Triple Pier antique show in Manhattan and was sought out by a wide range of domestic and international buyers from Europe and Asia. Her former husband, Theodore Yankauer III, preceded her in death. She is survived by her son Jeff and his partner Elaina Caola; son Stephen; daughter-in-law Rachel Schnoll and her three beloved grandchildren Sarah, Theodore and Benjamin. She is also survived by her partner and dear friend Dr. Jack Block with whom she shared the last years of her life. A service was held on Sunday, January 17, 2016 at 2pm at Feeney Funeral Home in Ridgewood, NJ. In lieu of flowers, the family asks that you consider donations to the American Cancer Society. 1/3 YANKAUER--Margaret Bonny, 80, of Ramsey, NJ, succumbed peacefully to cancer on January 15, 2016 with her sons by her side. Ms. Yankauer was born on April 12, 1935 in New York City to Eva (Slifka) and Leonard Berger. She attended Bronx High School of Science and Smith College. Known to her family and friends as Bonny, she was an expert collector and purveyor of fine vintage costume jewelry such as Trifari, Haskel, and Hollycraft. She was a frequent exhibitor at the Triple Pier antique show in Manhattan and was sought out by a wide range of domestic and international buyers from Europe and Asia. Her former husband, Theodore Yankauer III, preceded her in death. She is survived by her son Jeff and his partner Elaina Caola; son Stephen; daughter-in-law Rachel Schnoll and her three beloved grandchildren Sarah, Theodore and Benjamin. She is also survived by her partner and dear friend Dr. Jack Block with whom she shared the last years of her life. A service was held on Sunday, January 17, 2016 at 2pm at Feeney Funeral Home in Ridgewood, NJ. In lieu of flowers, the family asks that you consider donations to the American Cancer Society. 1/3 

ZALK--Richard, 72, of Manhattan, died January 15 after a long illness. Richard was the devoted son of the late Joseph and Lee Zalk, protective and caring brother of Connie, much-loved uncle to David, husband of the late Sue Rosenberg Zalk and adoring nephew of Milton and Estelle Zalk and the late Martin and Judith Bloomberg and Hy and Sylvia Plotkin. For more than fifty years, he maintained a steadfast dedication to his legal practice and his clients, while his sharp wit, irreverence, and passion for photography, flying and astronomy helped define his life. He cherished his affiliation with the SoHo Photo Gallery, a co-op for photographers, for more than thirty years, serving as President for four. His loyalty to so many long-standing friends kept him ever-charming, attentive, creative, and warm even in his years of illness. Memorial celebration to be held Saturday, January 30th at 11am at the SoHo Photo Gallery, 15 White Street, New York, NY. Donations can be made to the SoHo Photo Gallery in his memory. 1/3 ZALK--Richard, 72, of Manhattan, died January 15 after a long illness. Richard was the devoted son of the late Joseph and Lee Zalk, protective and caring brother of Connie, much-loved uncle to David, husband of the late Sue Rosenberg Zalk and adoring nephew of Milton and Estelle Zalk and the late Martin and Judith Bloomberg and Hy and Sylvia Plotkin. For more than fifty years, he maintained a steadfast dedication to his legal practice and his clients, while his sharp wit, irreverence, and passion for photography, flying and astronomy helped define his life. He cherished his affiliation with the SoHo Photo Gallery, a co-op for photographers, for more than thirty years, serving as President for four. His loyalty to so many long-standing friends kept him ever-charming, attentive, creative, and warm even in his years of illness. Memorial celebration to be held Saturday, January 30th at 11am at the SoHo Photo Gallery, 15 White Street, New York, NY. Donations can be made to the SoHo Photo Gallery in his memory. 1/3 

ADES--Alan M. (1925-2016). Manhattan School of Music and its Board of Trustees are profoundly saddened by the passing of Alan M. Ades, a successful entrepreneur and deeply committed philanthropist who was a great friend to MSM and an influential force for progress at the School. A Trustee Emeritus who served as a member of the School's Board of Trustees for 21 years between 1990 and 2011, Mr. Ades, along with his wife Joan Taub Ades, made many profound contributions to MSM over the years, ensuring the School's advancement as one of the world's leading independent music conservatories. In addition to his important service as a member of MSM's Board, Mr. Ades' stewardship was reflected in his active commitment to the many MSM committees of which he was a member and by the generous leadership contributions he and Mrs. Ades made to the School, often by way of the Joan and Alan Ades-Taub Family Foundation. Many of Mr. Ades' most significant contributions to MSM were guided by his love of opera (he also served as a director at the Met Opera and Santa Fe Opera). In addition to providing generous support to MSM scholarships for classical vocalists, the Ades Family Foundation established and continues to fund the School's prestigious Alan M. and Joan Taub Ades Vocal Competition, an annual event that is judged by an esteemed panel of opera professionals and awards significant cash prizes to winning students. Perhaps most significant, Mr. and Mrs. Ades led the capital campaign for, and ultimately named, one of MSM's key performance and rehearsal spaces, an indispensable, flexible black-box space that not only accommodates full-scale opera and orchestral rehearsals, but also seats audiences of up to 200 for a wide variety of performances. This key addition to MSM's facility-the Alan M. and Joan Taub Ades Performance Space-opened its doors in 2007 and stands as a lively testament to the visionary leadership and generosity made to MSM by this prominent leader in business and philanthropy and his wife, Joan Taub Ades. Our Board of Trustees, Administration, Faculty, Alumni, and Current Students are united in expressing the MSM Community's sorrow at the passing of this singular individual. We extend our heartfelt condolences to Mrs. Ades, whose continuing friendship we so highly cherish, and to the Ades family; we know that Alan's long, rich, accomplished life and the many wonderful memories it inspires will be a source of comfort and joy in the days and years ahead. Lorraine Gallard, Board Chair James Gandre, President 1/3 ADES--Alan M. (1925-2016). Manhattan School of Music and its Board of Trustees are profoundly saddened by the passing of Alan M. Ades, a successful entrepreneur and deeply committed philanthropist who was a great friend to MSM and an influential force for progress at the School. A Trustee Emeritus who served as a member of the School's Board of Trustees for 21 years between 1990 and 2011, Mr. Ades, along with his wife Joan Taub Ades, made many profound contributions to MSM over the years, ensuring the School's advancement as one of the world's leading independent music conservatories. In addition to his important service as a member of MSM's Board, Mr. Ades' stewardship was reflected in his active commitment to the many MSM committees of which he was a member and by the generous leadership contributions he and Mrs. Ades made to the School, often by way of the Joan and Alan Ades-Taub Family Foundation. Many of Mr. Ades' most significant contributions to MSM were guided by his love of opera (he also served as a director at the Met Opera and Santa Fe Opera). In addition to providing generous support to MSM scholarships for classical vocalists, the Ades Family Foundation established and continues to fund the School's prestigious Alan M. and Joan Taub Ades Vocal Competition, an annual event that is judged by an esteemed panel of opera professionals and awards significant cash prizes to winning students. Perhaps most significant, Mr. and Mrs. Ades led the capital campaign for, and ultimately named, one of MSM's key performance and rehearsal spaces, an indispensable, flexible black-box space that not only accommodates full-scale opera and orchestral rehearsals, but also seats audiences of up to 200 for a wide variety of performances. This key addition to MSM's facility-the Alan M. and Joan Taub Ades Performance Space-opened its doors in 2007 and stands as a lively testament to the visionary leadership and generosity made to MSM by this prominent leader in business and philanthropy and his wife, Joan Taub Ades. Our Board of Trustees, Administration, Faculty, Alumni, and Current Students are united in expressing the MSM Community's sorrow at the passing of this singular individual. We extend our heartfelt condolences to Mrs. Ades, whose continuing friendship we so highly cherish, and to the Ades family; we know that Alan's long, rich, accomplished life and the many wonderful memories it inspires will be a source of comfort and joy in the days and years ahead. Lorraine Gallard, Board Chair James Gandre, President 1/3 

LIEBER--Constance E. The Brain & Behavior Research Foundation, formerly the National Alliance for Research on Schizophrenia and Depression (NARSAD), deeply mourns the passing of its visionary leader and President Emeritus, Constance E. Lieber. Connie, who served as President of the Foundation from 1989 to 2007, felt that research was the best avenue to find meaningful and lasting solutions to alleviate the suffering caused by mental illness. In her role as President Emeritus, she continued to offer her vision and guidance to the Foundation on a regular basis. Connie, along with her husband Stephen, passionately believed in the need to seed the field of neuropsychiatric research with as many talented scientists as possible to make a substantive impact on the broad spectrum of mental health research, which she fervently understood holds our best hope for ending the immense suffering caused by mental illness. Since 1980, Connie and Steve have served as extraordinary philanthropic supporters and leading public advocates of schizophrenia and depression research. Connie worked tirelessly for the cause and grew our grants program to a total of $342 million and was helpful to so many families who were desperately seeking help for their children. We recognize that she enhanced the lives of so many through her work for Brain & Behavior Research Foundation and by supporting scientists throughout the world and have the deepest gratitude to both Connie and Steve. Their generosity in supporting research on mental illness is a great model for all of us. Our deepest sympathies to Connie's beloved husband Steve, their daughter Janice, their son Sam and daughter-in-law Mary, their grandson, and to all of their loved ones. Connie was our leader and guiding light, providing inspiration and motivation to all who ever had the honor and privilege of knowing and working with her. Jeffrey Borenstein, M.D., President & CEO, The Brain & Behavior Research Foundation Herbert A. Pardes, M.D., President of the Foundation's Scientific Council 1/3 LIEBER--Constance E. The Brain & Behavior Research Foundation, formerly the National Alliance for Research on Schizophrenia and Depression (NARSAD), deeply mourns the passing of its visionary leader and President Emeritus, Constance E. Lieber. Connie, who served as President of the Foundation from 1989 to 2007, felt that research was the best avenue to find meaningful and lasting solutions to alleviate the suffering caused by mental illness. In her role as President Emeritus, she continued to offer her vision and guidance to the Foundation on a regular basis. Connie, along with her husband Stephen, passionately believed in the need to seed the field of neuropsychiatric research with as many talented scientists as possible to make a substantive impact on the broad spectrum of mental health research, which she fervently understood holds our best hope for ending the immense suffering caused by mental illness. Since 1980, Connie and Steve have served as extraordinary philanthropic supporters and leading public advocates of schizophrenia and depression research. Connie worked tirelessly for the cause and grew our grants program to a total of $342 million and was helpful to so many families who were desperately seeking help for their children. We recognize that she enhanced the lives of so many through her work for Brain & Behavior Research Foundation and by supporting scientists throughout the world and have the deepest gratitude to both Connie and Steve. Their generosity in supporting research on mental illness is a great model for all of us. Our deepest sympathies to Connie's beloved husband Steve, their daughter Janice, their son Sam and daughter-in-law Mary, their grandson, and to all of their loved ones. Connie was our leader and guiding light, providing inspiration and motivation to all who ever had the honor and privilege of knowing and working with her. Jeffrey Borenstein, M.D., President & CEO, The Brain & Behavior Research Foundation Herbert A. Pardes, M.D., President of the Foundation's Scientific Council 1/3 

HARNETT--Ruth. Age 91, passed away peacefully at her home in Boca Raton, Florida on January 10, 2016. She was predeceased on October 1, 2015 by her loving husband of 71 years, Bertram, a lawyer and retired New York State Supreme Court Judge. She is survived by her children, Andrea, a lawyer and retired Magistrate Judge in Washington, DC and her husband, Benjamin Fisherow; David, a psychiatrist in Medford, Massachusetts and his wife, Dr. Vivian Halfin; James, a lawyer in Madison, Wisconsin and his wife, Marsha Harnett; six grandchildren; and one great granddaughter. Ruth Harnett grew up in Far Rockaway, New York, and graduated from Brooklyn College. She later resided in Great Neck, New York, and in Manhattan. She served as the Director of the Nassau County, New York, Vocational Center for Women in the 1970's. She had many talents: she was an accomplished cook, a talented knitter and quilter, and a speaker of Italian. She read and travelled extensively. She was a beautiful, gentle, generous, elegant, and kind woman, beloved by all who knew her. Most of all, she was intensely loyal to her family, whom she loved as immensely, as we loved her. We will miss her greatly. A funeral was held on January 13, at Temple Beth-el in Boca Raton, Florida. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Planned Parenthood or to the charity of your choice. 1/3 HARNETT--Ruth. Age 91, passed away peacefully at her home in Boca Raton, Florida on January 10, 2016. She was predeceased on October 1, 2015 by her loving husband of 71 years, Bertram, a lawyer and retired New York State Supreme Court Judge. She is survived by her children, Andrea, a lawyer and retired Magistrate Judge in Washington, DC and her husband, Benjamin Fisherow; David, a psychiatrist in Medford, Massachusetts and his wife, Dr. Vivian Halfin; James, a lawyer in Madison, Wisconsin and his wife, Marsha Harnett; six grandchildren; and one great granddaughter. Ruth Harnett grew up in Far Rockaway, New York, and graduated from Brooklyn College. She later resided in Great Neck, New York, and in Manhattan. She served as the Director of the Nassau County, New York, Vocational Center for Women in the 1970's. She had many talents: she was an accomplished cook, a talented knitter and quilter, and a speaker of Italian. She read and travelled extensively. She was a beautiful, gentle, generous, elegant, and kind woman, beloved by all who knew her. Most of all, she was intensely loyal to her family, whom she loved as immensely, as we loved her. We will miss her greatly. A funeral was held on January 13, at Temple Beth-el in Boca Raton, Florida. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Planned Parenthood or to the charity of your choice. 1/3 

Norman is out as the lead golf analyst at Fox Sports after only one year with the network. Norman is out as the lead golf analyst at Fox Sports after only one year with the network. Greg Norman, golf analyst and former top player, leaves Fox Sports; other golf news noted.

Upton, a free-agent outfielder who is a three-time All-Star, was to join Detroit after agreeing a six-year, $132.75 million deal. Upton, a free-agent outfielder who is a three-time All-Star, was to join Detroit after agreeing a six-year, $132.75 million deal. Detroit Tigers confirm signing of Justin Upton to six-year, $132.75 million contract, with opt-out clause after second year.

Swansea moved out of the relegation zone with a 1-0 home win over Watford, Swansea moved out of the relegation zone with a 1-0 home win over Watford, 

Despite being barred from soccer, Blatter will continue to receive his president’s salary from FIFA until a new president is elected on Feb. 26. Despite being barred from soccer, Blatter will continue to receive his president’s salary from FIFA until a new president is elected on Feb. 26. FIFA audit and compliance committee rules organization must continue to pay salary, but not bonuses, to suspended president Sepp Blatter until new president is elected; other soccer news noted.

The Kansas City Royals completed a two-year, $17.5 million deal with Cain The Kansas City Royals completed a two-year, $17.5 million deal with Cain Kansas City Royals sign outfielder Lorenzo Cain to two-year, $17.5 million contract; other baseball news noted.

Williams, 35, a seven-time major winner who had a career comeback last season, lost to 47th-ranked Johanna Konta of Britain. Williams, 35, a seven-time major winner who had a career comeback last season, lost to 47th-ranked Johanna Konta of Britain. Johanna Konta defeats Venus Williams in first round of Australian Open.

There is a legitimate question as to whether tennis&#8217;s anticorruption structure is working as effectively as it should to keep up with gambling on the sport. There is a legitimate question as to whether tennis&#8217;s anticorruption structure is working as effectively as it should to keep up with gambling on the sport. Christopher Clarey On Tennis column examines difficulties of proving tennis match-fixing allegations made in report published by BBC and BuzzFeed; underscores degree to which Tennis Integrity Unit, sport's internal watchdog, has operated in dark.

Mr. Jonas was a prominent Canadian newspaper columnist whose controversial book about Israeli counterterrorists was the basis of the 2005 film. Mr. Jonas was a prominent Canadian newspaper columnist whose controversial book about Israeli counterterrorists was the basis of the 2005 film. George Jonas, Canadian newspaper columnist and prodigious writer whose controversial 1984 book Vengeance: The True Story of an Israeli Counter-Terrorist Team inspired popular 2005 film Munich, dies at age 80. 

Anders Kompass leaked information to the French government in 2014 about accusations that French soldiers in the Central African Republic had sexually abused children. Anders Kompass leaked information to the French government in 2014 about accusations that French soldiers in the Central African Republic had sexually abused children. United Nations announce internal inquiry has cleared Anders Kompass, official who initially leaked information to French government about investigation of accusations that French soldiers on UN peacekeeping mission had sexually abused children in Central African Republic.

The family of a black man shot and killed by the San Francisco police in an encounter captured on video is demanding a federal civil rights investigation. The family of a black man shot and killed by the San Francisco police in an encounter captured on video is demanding a federal civil rights investigation. Family of Mario Woods, black man shot and killed by San Francisco police in December 2015, demands Dept of Justice conduct a federal civil rights investigation for five police officers involved.

The man, whom Belgian and Moroccan news sources identified as Gelel Attar, is of Belgian and Moroccan background, as were most of those who participated in the attacks. The man, whom Belgian and Moroccan news sources identified as Gelel Attar, is of Belgian and Moroccan background, as were most of those who participated in the attacks. Moroccan officials say they have detained Gelel Attar, Belgian man who is suspected of being close friend of one of leaders of November 2015 Paris terrorist attacks.

The scale of a tuberculosis outbreak in rural Perry County widened Monday when state officials said that 47 residents last week tested positive for the bacterial infection. The scale of a tuberculosis outbreak in rural Perry County widened Monday when state officials said that 47 residents last week tested positive for the bacterial infection. Tuberculosis outbreak grips Perry County, Ala, where 47 residents  tested positive for bacterial infection; authorities will provide additional health care services to those infected in effort to contain outbreak, which has sickened 73 people in area since 2014.

Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski submitted his resignation on Friday as part of an agreement forged by Johannes Hahn. Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski submitted his resignation on Friday as part of an agreement forged by Johannes Hahn. Governing coalition in Macedonia is going ahead with plan brokered by European Union for elections in April, despite threat of boycott by opposition.

Despite health problems and water damage to her Brooklyn apartment, Lakima Lewis draws wisdom from the Bible and seeks to instill optimism in her children. Despite health problems and water damage to her Brooklyn apartment, Lakima Lewis draws wisdom from the Bible and seeks to instill optimism in her children. Federation of Protestant Welfare Agencies, one of several charities supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, helps Lakima Lewis replace furniture ruined by water damage.

The economy grew at a 6.8 percent pace in the fourth quarter, official data released Tuesday showed — the slowest expansion since March 2009. The economy grew at a 6.8 percent pace in the fourth quarter, official data released Tuesday showed — the slowest expansion since March 2009. Chinese economy grew at 6.8 percent pace in fourth quarter of 2015, lowest quarterly expansion since global financial crisis in 2009; data will likely continue to deter investors amid deep uncertainty about country's economic outlook. 

Facing a tougher-than-expected challenge from Mr. Sanders, Mrs. Clinton’s campaign is preparing for a primary fight that could stretch into late April or early May. Facing a tougher-than-expected challenge from Mr. Sanders, Mrs. Clinton’s campaign is preparing for a primary fight that could stretch into late April or early May. Hillary Clinton buckles down for longer-than-expected primary battle as Sen Bernie Sanders emerges as viable challenger; Clinton campaign is pouring enormous resources into shoring up Iowa support ahead of caucuses, hoping to marginalize Sanders early on; are nonetheless preparing for fight that could last into April. 

Mr. Frey teamed up with Don Henley in founding the Eagles, whose melodic, country-tinged rock was enormously popular in the 1970s, selling more records than any other band then. Mr. Frey teamed up with Don Henley in founding the Eagles, whose melodic, country-tinged rock was enormously popular in the 1970s, selling more records than any other band then. Glenn Frey, guitarist, singer, songwriter and co-founder of rock band The Eagles who had multiple hits in 1970s including Hotel California, dies at age 67. 

While critics argue that trading prisoners encourages others to target Americans, President Obama has deemed certain releases a reasonable trade-off. While critics argue that trading prisoners encourages others to target Americans, President Obama has deemed certain releases a reasonable trade-off. News Analysis; Pres Obama ultimately decided that release of seven Iranian prisoners was fair price to secure freedom of United States citizens held in country, despite warnings that such deals encourage others to target Americans; scenario represents one of most daunting decisions a president can face, and presidential history shows long series of difficult compromises. 

As the Knicks try to balance Porzingis’s health and their long-shot playoff bid, they should realize that prudence is the best course of action. As the Knicks try to balance Porzingis’s health and their long-shot playoff bid, they should realize that prudence is the best course of action. Harvey Araton On Pro Basketball column suggests New York Knicks must be careful not to overuse rookie forward Kristaps Porzingis; warns playing Porzingis too often could lead to injury that would be far more devastating for team than failure to secure postseason berth.

The company, which moved its headquarters to Fairfield in 1974, is departing for Boston, leaving Connecticut residents worried about the loss of tax revenue and high-paying jobs. The company, which moved its headquarters to Fairfield in 1974, is departing for Boston, leaving Connecticut residents worried about the loss of tax revenue and high-paying jobs. Fairfield, Conn, residents weigh implications of General Electric's plan to move headquarters and some employees to Boston; express concern over loss of tax income and jobs.

The new disagreement revolves around the lingering question of who gets to represent the opposition delegation. The new disagreement revolves around the lingering question of who gets to represent the opposition delegation. Disagreement over who will represent opposition in Syrian conflict is still rampant days before world leaders convene in Geneva for peace talks; United Nations Security Council, which had proposed road map to cease-fire, moves to prioritize survival of hundreds of thousands of civilians in besieged towns.

Even as lawmakers condemned Mr. Trump during a three-hour debate in Parliament, they appeared to back away from the idea of barring him from entering the country.&#160; Even as lawmakers condemned Mr. Trump during a three-hour debate in Parliament, they appeared to back away from the idea of barring him from entering the country.&#160; British Parliament spends three hours bitterly belittling Donald J Trump, but does not recommend banning him from entering country; debate was triggered by successful online petition which asserted Republican presidential candidate ought to be denied entry for engaging in hate speech; some think outrage is exaggerated and ban would backfire. 

Begun on the NFL Network and nurtured on CBS, the telecast is expected to bring the N.F.L. $350 million to $400 million a year when a new one- or two-year contract is completed soon. Begun on the NFL Network and nurtured on CBS, the telecast is expected to bring the N.F.L. $350 million to $400 million a year when a new one- or two-year contract is completed soon. Richard Sandomir TV Sports column examines logic behind NFL's decision to shop around broadcast rights for Thursday Night Football package, despite how well CBS has held up its side of bargain for two years.

A millennial-led shift to digital financial services could upend the consumer banking industry. A millennial-led shift to digital financial services could upend the consumer banking industry. Growing use of digital financial services and mobile payment systems, particularly among millennials, has major consumer banks scrambling to modernize and adapt; venture capitalists are pouring money into so-called 'fintech' industry, and large tech companies like Apple, Google and Amazon have rolled out payment systems that are seen as potential precursors to more comprehensive services; shift presents regulatory concerns.

Mr. Rubio’s conspicuously manly talk has come as his Republican opponents have tried to infantilize or even feminize him. Mr. Rubio’s conspicuously manly talk has come as his Republican opponents have tried to infantilize or even feminize him. Republican presidential hopeful Marco Rubio puts great emphasis on his masculine interests even as rivals try to infantilize or even feminize him; has been criticized most harshly by New Jersey Gov Chris Christie, who speculated recently that Rubio would get taken down by Hillary Rodham Clinton in general election.

Rio Tinto says it plans to increase production and shipments of iron ore, defying a collapse in prices. Rio Tinto says it plans to increase production and shipments of iron ore, defying a collapse in prices. Mining firm Rio Tinto says it will increase production and shipments to 350 million tons for 2016, roughly 10 million more than 2015; says higher output will to maintain or raise dividends in spite of falling commodity prices. 

Taxi drivers in Hungary’s capital demonstrated over a fixed tariff for traditional taxi firms that is higher than Uber’s. Taxi drivers in Hungary’s capital demonstrated over a fixed tariff for traditional taxi firms that is higher than Uber’s. Cab drivers in Budapest, Hungary, block roads to protest Uber; move follows new fixed tariff that favors Uber drivers over traditional taxi companies.  

At the Television Critics Association&#8217;s semiannual gathering, shows were previewed, decisions reviewed and the industry itself examined. At the Television Critics Association&#8217;s semiannual gathering, shows were previewed, decisions reviewed and the industry itself examined. Reporter's Notebook offers highlights from 2016 Television Critics Assn media tour. 	

The researcher, Matthew Trevithick, is decompressing in Massachusetts after being held for 40 days, his family said, and is not ready to speak publicly about his ordeal. The researcher, Matthew Trevithick, is decompressing in Massachusetts after being held for 40 days, his family said, and is not ready to speak publicly about his ordeal. 

The island’s top economic officials said they had to alter their economic strategy when they saw that tax revenues were running about $500 million lower than forecast. The island’s top economic officials said they had to alter their economic strategy when they saw that tax revenues were running about $500 million lower than forecast. Puerto Rico revises plan to reduce debt amid growing deficit; economic officials now say they need $16 billion of debt relief from creditors, instead of original $14 billion.

Cam Talbot stopped 30 shots as Edmonton added to Florida’s slide. Cam Talbot stopped 30 shots as Edmonton added to Florida’s slide. St Louis Blues beat Pittsburgh Penguins, 5-2; other pro hockey scores noted.

The Uzbek government, lobbied by rights groups and pressured quietly by the United States to free a high-profile political prisoner, has finally revealed a secret: he died five years ago. The Uzbek government, lobbied by rights groups and pressured quietly by the United States to free a high-profile political prisoner, has finally revealed a secret: he died five years ago. Uzbek officials announce Akram Yuldashev, political prisoner due for release in 2016, actually died in 2010; country had been under pressure from human rights advocates and American officials to release leader who argued Islamic principles could assist transition from communism to capitalism.

Rescuers searching the area where two Marine helicopters crashed off Hawaii last week have found some life rafts that were carried aboard the aircraft, but no sign of the 12 crew members who were on board. Rescuers searching the area where two Marine helicopters crashed off Hawaii last week have found some life rafts that were carried aboard the aircraft, but no sign of the 12 crew members who were on board. Rescuers discover three inflated life rafts off coast of Hawaii while searching for 12 missing crew members aboard two Marine helicopters that crashed in area; rafts show no signs of life and search for crew members continues.

Samir Geagea, leader of the Lebanese Forces party, threw his support behind the presidential candidacy of Michel Aoun, whose Free Patriotic Movement is Hezbollah&#8217;s main Christian ally in Parliament. Samir Geagea, leader of the Lebanese Forces party, threw his support behind the presidential candidacy of Michel Aoun, whose Free Patriotic Movement is Hezbollah&#8217;s main Christian ally in Parliament. Improbable alliance of rival Lebanese Christian politicians Samir Geagea and Michel Aoun revises religiously diverse country's complex political alignments amid increasing sectarian tension across Middle East.

The Department of Defense has identified 2,365 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations. The Department of Defense has identified 2,365 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations. Defense Department confirms death of one American service member in Afghanistan.

Senator Chuck Schumer said the city would be awarded federal funds for a proposed project to guard against another storm like Hurricane Sandy in Lower Manhattan. Senator Chuck Schumer said the city would be awarded federal funds for a proposed project to guard against another storm like Hurricane Sandy in Lower Manhattan. New York Sen Chuck Schumer announces New York City has won $176 million for new Lower Manhattan flood protection system from National Disaster Resilience Competition, contest created by Dept of Housing and Urban Development to help communities prepare for  and recover from natural disasters.

Prime Minister David Cameron said that classes would be financed for female Muslim immigrants, and warned that some could be deported if they failed to reach certain standards. Prime Minister David Cameron said that classes would be financed for female Muslim immigrants, and warned that some could be deported if they failed to reach certain standards. British Prime Min David Cameron announces government will use fund of $28.5 million to finance English classes for female Muslim immigrants, warning that some may face deportation if they fail to reach certain standards.

The nuclear deal is a triumph for diplomacy. But we must still deter Iranian aggression. The nuclear deal is a triumph for diplomacy. But we must still deter Iranian aggression. Op-Ed article by Nicholas Burns underscores how nuclear deal, lifting of sanctions and prisoner exchange with Iran mark turning point in history of Middle East; holds events signal return of diplomacy as primary tool of American strategy; warns United States must balance engagement and deterrence as it seeks to make most of historic deal.

Hotel and restaurant workers in the African nation’s capital were left feeling vulnerable after an attack claimed 29 lives on Friday. Hotel and restaurant workers in the African nation’s capital were left feeling vulnerable after an attack claimed 29 lives on Friday. Hotel and restaurant employees in Burkina Faso, which is reeling from economic downturn, cannot afford to be cowed by uptick in terrorist attacks; at least 29 people die in most recent violence, as gunmen attack hotel and cafe in Ouagadougou, setting off explosives; Al Qaeda affiliate claims responsibility for attack. 

The show at Webster Hall on Sunday featured 12 overlapping sets that included a variety of music, much of it affirming a heritage or giving it a personal twist. The show at Webster Hall on Sunday featured 12 overlapping sets that included a variety of music, much of it affirming a heritage or giving it a personal twist. Jon Pareles Critic's Notebook asserts performers at annual Globalfest world music event presented their distinct musical works as cherished native traditions.

In a speech 52 years ago, the African-American congressman from Georgia wanted political parties of principle, but results have been mixed. In a speech 52 years ago, the African-American congressman from Georgia wanted political parties of principle, but results have been mixed. Political Memo; Rep John R Lewis, former civil rights leader and sole surviving speaker from 1963 March on Washington, shares his thoughts on growing polarization and partisanship in Congress.

Ta-Nehisi Coates, Elizabeth Alexander and Colm Tóibín were among those nominated for the awards, which are to be announced on March 17. Ta-Nehisi Coates, Elizabeth Alexander and Colm Tóibín were among those nominated for the awards, which are to be announced on March 17. Nominees are announced for 2015 National Book Critics Circle Award; novelist Wendell Berry wins Ivan Sandrof Lifetime Achievement Award and critic Carlos Lozada wins Nona Balakian Citation for Excellence in Reviewing. 

As the price of oil has declined, one investor is betting that the price of land will, too. So he is raising a $100 million private equity fund to buy Texas ranches. As the price of oil has declined, one investor is betting that the price of land will, too. So he is raising a $100 million private equity fund to buy Texas ranches. Investor Jay Ellis is raising money to buy, restore and enhance ranch property in Texas under assumption that price of land will decline along with price of oil; data shows that rural land prices historically closely follow oil prices, typically with one- to three-year lag.

A cast of the creature is now at the American Museum of Natural History. Experts hope the fossil discovery will yield new insights. A cast of the creature is now at the American Museum of Natural History. Experts hope the fossil discovery will yield new insights. Skeleton cast of largest titanosaur skeleton ever discovered is revealed at American Museum of Natural History; skeleton, remains of Late Cretaceous Period herbivore discovered in Patagonia, is part of museum's permanent collection and is expected to yield insight into physiology of largest dinosaurs.

Stephen Curry scored 35 points as Golden State coasted to a 132-98 victory at Quicken Loans Arena, where the Warriors clinched the N.B.A. title last season. Stephen Curry scored 35 points as Golden State coasted to a 132-98 victory at Quicken Loans Arena, where the Warriors clinched the N.B.A. title last season. NBA Roundup; Golden State Warriors defeat Cleveland Cavaliers, 132-98; other basketball news noted.

Franz Welser-Möst led the Cleveland Orchestra in Hans Abrahamsen’s work, and the soprano Barbara Hannigan performed, at Carnegie Hall on Sunday. Franz Welser-Möst led the Cleveland Orchestra in Hans Abrahamsen’s work, and the soprano Barbara Hannigan performed, at Carnegie Hall on Sunday. Anthony Tommasini reviews New York premiere of Hans Abrahamsen musical composition let me tell you, featuring soprano Barbara Hannigan and Cleveland Orchestra, at Carnegie Hall. 

The same technology that makes booking a room easy also makes it easier for guests to shop around among hotels based on price or location. The same technology that makes booking a room easy also makes it easier for guests to shop around among hotels based on price or location. Growing number of travelers, seeking greater flexibility and savings, choose to book their stays with third-party websites over booking directly with a hotel; trend makes it more difficult for hotels to maintain long-term customers. 

The former president, Muhammad Nasheed, who is serving a 13-year sentence that drew international scorn, needs treatment for back pain. The former president, Muhammad Nasheed, who is serving a 13-year sentence that drew international scorn, needs treatment for back pain. Maldives authorities allow former Pres Mohamed Nasheed to go to Great Britain for surgery; Nasheed has been in prison for 11 months, and is released only after signing document agreeing to return to serve rest of his 13-year sentence on terrorism charges.

Anthony, who had missed two games with a sprained right ankle, scored 19 points for the Knicks, including a tying 3-pointer with 3.4 seconds left in regulation. Anthony, who had missed two games with a sprained right ankle, scored 19 points for the Knicks, including a tying 3-pointer with 3.4 seconds left in regulation. New York Knicks defeat Philadelphia 76ers, 119-113, in second overtime.

The president’s measure to address persistent joblessness and stagnation was immediately seized on by critics as having more political than economic meaning. The president’s measure to address persistent joblessness and stagnation was immediately seized on by critics as having more political than economic meaning. French Pres Francois Hollande, facing election pressure, announces $2.2 billion plan to bolster employment.

Donald Tusk, a former Polish prime minister and the current European Council president, suggested that the union may have been too quick to investigate moves by Poland’s new government. Donald Tusk, a former Polish prime minister and the current European Council president, suggested that the union may have been too quick to investigate moves by Poland’s new government. 

The choreographer Mette Ingvartsen led this ambitious, audacious lecture-performance of sex as a social rather than a private phenomenon, at MoMA PS1. The choreographer Mette Ingvartsen led this ambitious, audacious lecture-performance of sex as a social rather than a private phenomenon, at MoMA PS1. Siobhan Burke reviews dance piece 69 positions, choreographed and performed by Mette Ingvartsen, at MoMA PS1 as part of American Realness Festival. 

The timeline offered few new details and left many questions unanswered, such as why the two boats deviated from their course and strayed into Iran’s territorial waters. The timeline offered few new details and left many questions unanswered, such as why the two boats deviated from their course and strayed into Iran’s territorial waters. Defense Dept timeline describing capture and return of 10 United States Navy sailors by Iran offers few specifics; officials say episode, which occurred amid delicate secret prisoner-swap negotiations between two countries and just as Iran completed its nuclear deal obligations, is still under review.

This Matt Cox play is a romp through what its subtitle describes as “Seven Increasingly Eventful Years at a Certain School of Magic and Magic." This Matt Cox play is a romp through what its subtitle describes as “Seven Increasingly Eventful Years at a Certain School of Magic and Magic." Laura Collins-Hughes reviews Matt Cox play Puffs, Or: Seven Increasingly Eventful Years at a Certain School of Magic and Magic, directed by Kristin McCarthy Parker at Peoples Improv Theater. 

The ensemble’s concert at Zankel Hall included works by Vivaldi and Martinelli dedicated to Chiara, a virtuoso educated at the Ospedale Della Pietà, a Venetian orphanage, in the 1700s. The ensemble’s concert at Zankel Hall included works by Vivaldi and Martinelli dedicated to Chiara, a virtuoso educated at the Ospedale Della Pietà, a Venetian orphanage, in the 1700s. James R Oestreich reviews concert Chiara's Diary: A Life at the Pieta Orphanage in Venice, 1730-1770, performed by period ensemble Europa Galante at Zankel Hall. 

A Russian doctor’s mission to deliver a much-needed vaccine in a snowstorm is plagued by dangers and temptations. A Russian doctor’s mission to deliver a much-needed vaccine in a snowstorm is plagued by dangers and temptations. Michiko Kakutani reviews book The Blizzard by Vladimir Sorokin, translated by Jamey Gambrell. 

An imam was charged with inciting emotions to such a point that a 15-year-old who had misunderstood a question about the Prophet Muhammad cut off his own hand. An imam was charged with inciting emotions to such a point that a 15-year-old who had misunderstood a question about the Prophet Muhammad cut off his own hand. Pakistanis are divided over case of imam Shabir Ahmad, whose public shaming of boy in mistaken case of blasphemy resulted in boy severing his own hand; authorities arrest and hold cleric on charges of inciting terrorism, while boy and his family approve of his actions; country's controversial blasphemy laws provoke extreme reactions.

The latest attempt by Elon Musk’s company to recover one of its rockets after a launch failed in a ball of fire on Sunday. The latest attempt by Elon Musk’s company to recover one of its rockets after a launch failed in a ball of fire on Sunday. 

Karla Cavalli, host of this new series on the Travel Channel, ventures to Japan for a pantyhose tug of war and to Mexico for body-slamming. Karla Cavalli, host of this new series on the Travel Channel, ventures to Japan for a pantyhose tug of war and to Mexico for body-slamming. Neil Genzlinger reviews Travel Channel series Planet Primetime, starring Karla Cavalli. 

The claim to be filed later this year mirrors a class-action lawsuit in New York that accuses the German lender of manipulating currency trades. The claim to be filed later this year mirrors a class-action lawsuit in New York that accuses the German lender of manipulating currency trades. Group of lawyers plan to file lawsuit against Deutsche Bank for allegedly using high-speed trading software to profit in foreign currency markets at expense of customers.

In the third day of attacks by the Islamic State on towns in eastern Syria, militants took land in an assault that state news media say has killed 300 people. In the third day of attacks by the Islamic State on towns in eastern Syria, militants took land in an assault that state news media say has killed 300 people. 

Political and economic interests are mostly prevailing over the European Union's declared values and governance standards. Political and economic interests are mostly prevailing over the European Union's declared values and governance standards. 

The World Economic Forum has often been a stage for meaningful debate on global issues. But a decision to revoke North Korea's invitation shows how sanitized the forum has become. The World Economic Forum has often been a stage for meaningful debate on global issues. But a decision to revoke North Korea's invitation shows how sanitized the forum has become. Andrew Ross Sorkin Dealbook column holds that World Economic Forum's decision to revoke North Korea's invitation over country's ongoing nuclear tests fuels critics who say conference is too carefully curated.

Pederson, who started nine games for the Eagles in 1999, was Kansas City’s offensive coordinator for the past three seasons. Pederson, who started nine games for the Eagles in 1999, was Kansas City’s offensive coordinator for the past three seasons. NFL Roundup; Philadelphia Eagles hire Doug Pederson, who has long history with team, as head coach; other football news noted.

Mr. George’s turn as Billy Flynn is a major step in his second act far from pro football. Mr. George’s turn as Billy Flynn is a major step in his second act far from pro football. Heisman Trophy winner and former NFL running back Eddie George makes his Broadway debut as lawyer Billy Flynn in musical Chicago at Ambassador Theater; producer Barry Weissler says George’s sports past should attract different demographic; George, who retired from football in 2004, explains his new goal is to pull audience into play’s plot.

For generations, confusion and uncertainty have surrounded the “natural born citizen” presidential requirement, and demand is mounting for an answer to the modern meaning. For generations, confusion and uncertainty have surrounded the “natural born citizen” presidential requirement, and demand is mounting for an answer to the modern meaning. Carl Hulse On Washington column argues that it is time to resolve meaning of 'natural born citizen' presidential requirement, as confusion over qualification continues to mount.

Geopolitical strains, plus fears about terrorism, the refugee crisis and a slowdown in China, form a troubling backdrop to the powerfest in Davos, Switzerland. Geopolitical strains, plus fears about terrorism, the refugee crisis and a slowdown in China, form a troubling backdrop to the powerfest in Davos, Switzerland. Geopolitical strains, terrorism, refugee crisis and slowdown in China are main topics that will be discussed at annual 2016 World Economic Forum.

For more than 40 years, groups in North Brooklyn have sought to plan for themselves what happens to an old hospital site, which is now part of a housing proposal. For more than 40 years, groups in North Brooklyn have sought to plan for themselves what happens to an old hospital site, which is now part of a housing proposal. Appraisal column; Brooklyn community group Neighborhood Women hopes city's latest call for proposals will resolve decades-long quest to preserve and repurpose abandoned Greenpoint Hospital; plan is part of Mayor Bill de Blasio's goal of creating more affordable housing in New York City.

The country’s American-friendly prime minister wants the top job, but the current general secretary is working to foil him. The country’s American-friendly prime minister wants the top job, but the current general secretary is working to foil him. Political struggle for control of Vietnam's ruling Communist Party reflects competing influences of China and United States on country's future direction; popular Prime Min Nguyen Tan Dung seeks closer relations with United States and less dependence on China.

Citing the stresses of international tennis, Barty, of Australia, put her career on pause in 2014, then took up cricket. “I’m still leaving all options open,” she says. Citing the stresses of international tennis, Barty, of Australia, put her career on pause in 2014, then took up cricket. “I’m still leaving all options open,” she says. Australian tennis player Ash Barty, who was considered to be among most talented of her generation, has given up tennis for professional cricket and will not appear at Australian Open.

The outcry over the nomination of 20 white actors, and no black ones, for the Academy Awards has gained momentum. The outcry over the nomination of 20 white actors, and no black ones, for the Academy Awards has gained momentum. Gathering of mostly black performers at Riverside Church in Manhattan honors Rev Dr Martin Luther King while outcry continues over absence of black Academy Awards nominees for second year in row; Director Spike Lee and actress Jada Pinkett Smith say they will boycott Academy Awards ceremony.

The university will pay a settlement and provide free undergraduate education to the 12 children of Samuel DuBose, an unarmed black man who was shot by a campus policeman. The university will pay a settlement and provide free undergraduate education to the 12 children of Samuel DuBose, an unarmed black man who was shot by a campus policeman. University of Cincinnati agrees to pay $4.85 million to family of Samuel Dubose, unarmed black man who was shot to death by white university police officer Ray Tensing during routine traffic stop; under terms of settlement, school will also provide undergraduate education to his 12 children and create campus memorial to him.

Donald J. Trump might seem an odd fit among those who prize traditional religious values, yet polls increasingly show him leading the crowded Republican field among evangelical voters. Donald J. Trump might seem an odd fit among those who prize traditional religious values, yet polls increasingly show him leading the crowded Republican field among evangelical voters. Donald Trump, whose name is associated with luxury and who has spent most of his life pursuing wealth, has emerged as unlikely favorite among white evangelical Christian voters; extensive interviews show that evangelicals feel Trump has pure heart despite lack of overt faith, and that he is uniquely capable of leading country out of troubled times.  

With a major study of ancient bones and DNA, scientists hope to determine where and when dogs first appeared. With a major study of ancient bones and DNA, scientists hope to determine where and when dogs first appeared. Study being run out of University of Oxford in England aims to solve mystery of where dogs and their longtime bond with humans originated; murky genetic picture and competing theories of dogs' country of origins complicates task.

A study will look at how people interacted with the fowl in the thousands of years before coops became its home. A study will look at how people interacted with the fowl in the thousands of years before coops became its home. Dr Greger Larson has received $3 million from Arts and Humanities Research Council of Great Britain to study history of human interaction with chickens; chickens have been domesticated for 10,000 years but have only been food source for about 2,000 years, raising question of why they were brought into human sphere.

A spokesman for the government’s chief executive, Abdullah Abdullah, denounced the Oct. 15 date because the electoral reform Mr. Abdullah had called for had not happened. A spokesman for the government’s chief executive, Abdullah Abdullah, denounced the Oct. 15 date because the electoral reform Mr. Abdullah had called for had not happened. Afghan officials condemn election commission's plan to hold parliamentary and local elections in October 2016, calling it illegitimate; government asserts it was bypassed and cites planned electoral reforms which have yet to go into effect; critics claim countering Taliban insurgency requires credibility only fresh government can offer.

The journalist’s wife and mother were held for hours at a Tehran airport while some Iranian officials tried to persuade the United States to complete a prisoner swap without them. The journalist’s wife and mother were held for hours at a Tehran airport while some Iranian officials tried to persuade the United States to complete a prisoner swap without them. Release of Washington Post journalist Jason Rezaian and four other Americans in prisoner swap with Iran was jeopardized by last-minute detention of Rezaian's wife and mother in Tehran; flurry of phone calls between Sec of State John Kerry and handful of diplomats rescued deal as it threatened to implode

A November contest at the American Museum of Natural History gave programmers a chance to develop ways to manage a glut of data. A November contest at the American Museum of Natural History gave programmers a chance to develop ways to manage a glut of data. Museum of Natural History's Hack the Dinos challenge in November 2015 invited computer programmers to spend day creating software tools that will help paleontologist sift through mounting levels of data that accompany study of dinosaurs.

An Iraqi official said the three Americans were kidnapped from a “suspicious apartment” in the Dora neighborhood, a former haven for Al Qaeda in Iraq, the Islamic State’s predecessor. An Iraqi official said the three Americans were kidnapped from a “suspicious apartment” in the Dora neighborhood, a former haven for Al Qaeda in Iraq, the Islamic State’s predecessor. Security officials in Iraq suggest three missing American contractors working at Baghdad airport were abducted; crime is first kidnapping of Americans in several years and source of chagrin for Iraqi government under pressure to secure city against Islamic State insurgents.

The Supreme Court seems poised to allow government workers to refuse to pay for collective bargaining, while denying shareholders a comparable right to refuse to pay for corporate political speech. The Supreme Court seems poised to allow government workers to refuse to pay for collective bargaining, while denying shareholders a comparable right to refuse to pay for corporate political speech. Adam Liptak Sidebar column holds that Supreme Court case Friedrichs v California Teachers Assn could widen free-speech gap between unions and corporations if justices allow government workers to refuse to support unions’ collective bargaining activities; ponders whether shareholders should also receive opt-out right.

Iran is reportedly ready to increase its output by 500,000 barrels a day, but some analysts doubt the country can deliver that level of production. Iran is reportedly ready to increase its output by 500,000 barrels a day, but some analysts doubt the country can deliver that level of production. Iranian government reportedly calls for 500,000-barrel-per-day increase in oil production, move that could send prices down even further.

Despite stellar records, all four teams have their detractors. Here is an early look at the conference championship games, including the teams’ Achilles’ heels. Despite stellar records, all four teams have their detractors. Here is an early look at the conference championship games, including the teams’ Achilles’ heels. Analysis; top four NFL seeds advance to conference championships for first time since 2004 as New England Patriots face Denver Broncos and Arizona Cardinals take on Carolina Panthers.

The deaths of Officer Tom Cottrell and Officer Douglas Barney were the first two killings of police officers in 2016. The deaths of Officer Tom Cottrell and Officer Douglas Barney were the first two killings of police officers in 2016. Ohio Police Officer Thomas Cottrell and Utah Police Officer Doug Barney are killed in separate shootings, first on-duty fatalities of 2016.

Health plans offer women a variety of incentives to be screened for breast cancer even when scientific guidelines recommend against it. Health plans offer women a variety of incentives to be screened for breast cancer even when scientific guidelines recommend against it. Employers and health plans are offering women monetary incentives to get frequent mammograms; measure, while intended to improve health, complicates personal decision and raises risk of overdiagnosis.

As the climate warms, wood rats in the Mojave Desert are less able to tolerate toxins in the creosote bushes they rely on for food, a new study finds. As the climate warms, wood rats in the Mojave Desert are less able to tolerate toxins in the creosote bushes they rely on for food, a new study finds. Patrice Kurnath study in journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences concludes warmer weather may reduce ability of wood rats in Mojave desert to tolerate toxins in creosote bush, main staple of their diet.

Understanding how young zebra finches acquire their courtship songs may shed light on how all brains learn. Understanding how young zebra finches acquire their courtship songs may shed light on how all brains learn. Study in journal Science details brain changes that take place in male zebra finches as they learn courtship song from their fathers.

The prosecutor’s announcement was the first time that any officials have been charged in the disaster on Dec. 20 that killed at least 69 people. The prosecutor’s announcement was the first time that any officials have been charged in the disaster on Dec. 20 that killed at least 69 people. Chinese authorities charge dozen government officials in connection with fatal collapse of mountain of construction debris in Shenzhen.

A sprawling gray market has taken shape around Delhi’s vast unmet need for shelter, with private operators controlling who sleeps where and for how long. A sprawling gray market has taken shape around Delhi’s vast unmet need for shelter, with private operators controlling who sleeps where and for how long. Delhi Journal; gray economy for blankets and other protection for sleepers during winter's coldest months has emerged to serve homeless in Delhi, India; government struggles to provide services in city where authorities say over 3,000 unidentified bodies are retrieved from streets annually.

The plan, which limits the horses and pedicabs in Central Park and must be approved by city legislators, has drawn concerns from parks advocates, carriage drivers and even some animal-rights backers. The plan, which limits the horses and pedicabs in Central Park and must be approved by city legislators, has drawn concerns from parks advocates, carriage drivers and even some animal-rights backers. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio reaches deal with city to reduce number of carriage horses and confine them to Central Park; agrees to create commercial stable in park using public funds and ban pedicabs from using park below 85th Street, sparking protest from park advocates and pedicab operators.

Mastering the art of turning down requests frees us to focus our energies on the important projects, a financial planner writes. Mastering the art of turning down requests frees us to focus our energies on the important projects, a financial planner writes. 

With its ability to play virtual instruments and mix tracks into finished songs, the program can appear intimidating, but there are tutorials right on the iPad. With its ability to play virtual instruments and mix tracks into finished songs, the program can appear intimidating, but there are tutorials right on the iPad. Q&A Tech Tips on navigating around GarageBand app on iPad.


Tsai Ing-wen’s victory was met in China with sparse and largely critical comment, with many online commenters lashing out at the losing Kuomintang. Tsai Ing-wen’s victory was met in China with sparse and largely critical comment, with many online commenters lashing out at the losing Kuomintang. 

The reunions came as Iran remained silent about the prisoner deal, and as a mystery deepened about a freed American who chose to stay in Iran. The reunions came as Iran remained silent about the prisoner deal, and as a mystery deepened about a freed American who chose to stay in Iran. Nosratollah Khosravi-Roodsari, one of five Iranian-American prisoners freed by Iran in recent swap with United States, and about whom little is known, elects to stay in country.

Netanyahu and Rubio are wrong. Toughness is no more than empty aggression when it will not admit to misjudgment. Netanyahu and Rubio are wrong. Toughness is no more than empty aggression when it will not admit to misjudgment. 

The move signals the latest effort by the British bank to get out of underperforming areas and to focus on what it considers its core operations. The move signals the latest effort by the British bank to get out of underperforming areas and to focus on what it considers its core operations. 

A study finds that pharmaceutical companies have cut drug prices in response to political pressure. A study finds that pharmaceutical companies have cut drug prices in response to political pressure. The Upshot; research shows that political talk about reining in drug prices can itself help reduce cost, even if legislation does not emerge; pharmaceutical stocks have declined since Democratic politicians, including presidential hopefuls and Pres Obama, have turned their attention to issue, trend that could encourage firms to lower prices. 

To stop the advance of the Islamic State’s potent Libyan branch, the United States and its allies have sought potential ground forces in a patchwork of militias. To stop the advance of the Islamic State’s potent Libyan branch, the United States and its allies have sought potential ground forces in a patchwork of militias. United States has been frustrated in its attempt to organize local Libyan militias into force that can combat rising threat of country's Islamic State branch, which is regarded as militant group's most dangerous affiliate; Libya lacks effective central authority, and US has been forced to choose from patchwork of unreliable groups; strategy comes with additional risk of inflaming local rivalries as Libya tries to recover from civil war. 

A pregnant woman was attacked a day after an Israeli woman was fatally stabbed at the entrance to her home in another settlement. A pregnant woman was attacked a day after an Israeli woman was fatally stabbed at the entrance to her home in another settlement. 

Seabirds called murres are dying in Alaska, probably because of warming water. Some scientists fear that animal ‘die-offs’ are happening more often. Seabirds called murres are dying in Alaska, probably because of warming water. Some scientists fear that animal ‘die-offs’ are happening more often. Die-off of tens of thousands of birds called murres in Northeast Pacific has renewed questions over what causes mass animal die-offs and whether they are growing more frequent; scientists have speculated that disease, chemical contamination or climate change may be driving deaths.

After years of mostly foiled plots, the terrorism threat in Indonesia has been transformed by the Islamic State. After years of mostly foiled plots, the terrorism threat in Indonesia has been transformed by the Islamic State. 

Areas that were once economically important languish as jobs are clustered in urban centers, creating a feeling of powerlessness as their populations grow older, poorer and less educated. Areas that were once economically important languish as jobs are clustered in urban centers, creating a feeling of powerlessness as their populations grow older, poorer and less educated. Attention brought by protest at federal wildlife sanctuary casts spotlight on economic decline in rural Oregon, which mirrors decline in similar regions across West; jobs have become overwhelmingly concentrated in urban areas as traditional industries fade; trend has excluded aging, poorly-educated rural workforce from economic recovery, and left many with sense of hopelessness as they mourn bygone era.

National Australia Bank plans to spin off its British unit next month, selling as much as 25 percent of Clydesdale’s shares in an I.P.O. in London. National Australia Bank plans to spin off its British unit next month, selling as much as 25 percent of Clydesdale’s shares in an I.P.O. in London. 

In a letter, the presidents of foreign bar associations and lawyers call the subversion charges part of an “unprecedented crackdown” on Chinese rights defenders. In a letter, the presidents of foreign bar associations and lawyers call the subversion charges part of an “unprecedented crackdown” on Chinese rights defenders. 

Keeping a home’s relative humidity low can help fight the irritating creatures, but solid made-vs.-unmade-bed evidence remains undone. Keeping a home’s relative humidity low can help fight the irritating creatures, but solid made-vs.-unmade-bed evidence remains undone. Science Q&A on whether leaving bed unmade kills dust mites.

Written by Catrina McHugh, this short play at the Fourth Street Theater portrays the experiences of several female inmates during incarceration. Written by Catrina McHugh, this short play at the Fourth Street Theater portrays the experiences of several female inmates during incarceration. Charles Isherwood reviews Catrina McHugh play Key Change, directed by Laura Lindow, at Fourth Street Theater. 

Scientist may have found the most powerful supernova ever seen. Scientist may have found the most powerful supernova ever seen. Study in journal Science reports discovery of giant ball of hot gas 3.8 billion light years away and radiating energy of hundreds of billions of suns; ball may be most powerful supernova ever seen. 

The federal agency said the company couldn’t back up its claims of helping with cognitive impairment, but experts on both sides weighed in. The federal agency said the company couldn’t back up its claims of helping with cognitive impairment, but experts on both sides weighed in. Paula Span The New Old Age column notes that Federal Trade Commission has issued complaint alleging online brain training program Lumosity's claims of improving cognition are unsubstantiated; reflects that case has raised broader questions over whether cognitive training works and for whom.

In “Until the Lions,” Akram Khan offers up Karthika Naïr’s story from the “Mahabharata” from the female perspective. In “Until the Lions,” Akram Khan offers up Karthika Naïr’s story from the “Mahabharata” from the female perspective. Roslyn Sulcas reviews premiere of Akram Khan dance work Until the Lions, performed by Khan, Ching-Ying Chien and Christine Joy Ritter at Roundhouse Theater in London. 

Of the 4.5 million people who have fled the Syrian war, only 2,647 have been taken in by the United States. Of the 4.5 million people who have fled the Syrian war, only 2,647 have been taken in by the United States. 

I sued the University of Montana to find out — and the implications of the case reach far beyond the state. I sued the University of Montana to find out — and the implications of the case reach far beyond the state. 

The fall/winter 2016 men’s show drew inspiration from portraits of craftsmen and workers in the early 1900s. The fall/winter 2016 men’s show drew inspiration from portraits of craftsmen and workers in the early 1900s. 

Ferhat Bouda has made it his mission to document his people, the Berbers, whose culture and language have been suppressed over the centuries. Ferhat Bouda has made it his mission to document his people, the Berbers, whose culture and language have been suppressed over the centuries. 

 In which we try to figure out David Phillips’s central point. In which we try to figure out David Phillips’s central point.

Months after the city of Flint, Mich., switched from a Detroit water supply to one from the Flint River, contaminants have sickened people. Residents have filed lawsuits, and the governor has apologized. Months after the city of Flint, Mich., switched from a Detroit water supply to one from the Flint River, contaminants have sickened people. Residents have filed lawsuits, and the governor has apologized. 

 Mrs. Clinton defended Planned Parenthood, the Human Rights Campaign and other Democratic-leaning organizations and labor unions that have endorsed her candidacy. Mrs. Clinton defended Planned Parenthood, the Human Rights Campaign and other Democratic-leaning organizations and labor unions that have endorsed her candidacy.

The euthanasia rate for animals at three city shelters has plummeted to 13 percent, from more than 60 percent in 2003. The euthanasia rate for animals at three city shelters has plummeted to 13 percent, from more than 60 percent in 2003. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

Michigan's governor released hundreds of pages of emails regarding Flint's lead-contaminated water supply. Michigan's governor released hundreds of pages of emails regarding Flint's lead-contaminated water supply. 

 Philanthropist David M. Rubenstein has agreed to donate $10 million to the Smithsonian’s new National Museum of African American History and Culture, scheduled to open next fall. Philanthropist David M. Rubenstein has agreed to donate $10 million to the Smithsonian’s new National Museum of African American History and Culture, scheduled to open next fall.

The fall 2016 designs from Raf Simons, who resigned as Dior’s creative director in October. The fall 2016 designs from Raf Simons, who resigned as Dior’s creative director in October. 

 David H. Koch, a philanthropist who was one of the American Museum of Natural HIstory’s generous benefactors, but also drew criticism from some environmentalists and scientists, had left the board of the museum, officials announced. David H. Koch, a philanthropist who was one of the American Museum of Natural HIstory’s generous benefactors, but also drew criticism from some environmentalists and scientists, had left the board of the museum, officials announced.

 Ms. Palin used the incident to talk about President Obama’s relationship to the military. Ms. Palin used the incident to talk about President Obama’s relationship to the military.

Twice annually, Dover Street Market undergoes what it calls a “New Beginning” — in which elaborate visual displays and new brands are installed, with select departments strikingly reconfigured. Here is how it happens. Twice annually, Dover Street Market undergoes what it calls a “New Beginning” — in which elaborate visual displays and new brands are installed, with select departments strikingly reconfigured. Here is how it happens. 

 If you’re looking for ways to bring “Star Wars” into your classroom, we offer teaching ideas for subjects across the curriculum — from analyzing Yoda’s syntax to investigating the economic consequences of destroying the Death Star. If you’re looking for ways to bring “Star Wars” into your classroom, we offer teaching ideas for subjects across the curriculum — from analyzing Yoda’s syntax to investigating the economic consequences of destroying the Death Star.

 Governor Christie has pocket-vetoed a measure designed to encourage the development of smart guns. Governor Christie has pocket-vetoed a measure designed to encourage the development of smart guns.

From what you sip to how often you exfoliate, Kristina Holey believes both internal and external wellness work together for a great complexion. From what you sip to how often you exfoliate, Kristina Holey believes both internal and external wellness work together for a great complexion. 

 The festival, founded by the late conductor Lorin Maazel, announced this week that it is canceling most of this summer’s offerings due to financial difficulties. The festival, founded by the late conductor Lorin Maazel, announced this week that it is canceling most of this summer’s offerings due to financial difficulties.

Haider Ackermann’s fall 2016 men’s collection. Haider Ackermann’s fall 2016 men’s collection. 

 Bob Dole said that the Republican Party would suffer “cataclysmic” and “wholesale losses” if Ted Cruz were the Republican nominee, and that Donald J. Trump would fare better. Bob Dole said that the Republican Party would suffer “cataclysmic” and “wholesale losses” if Ted Cruz were the Republican nominee, and that Donald J. Trump would fare better.

 The decision appears to have been made because of the success that “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” recently enjoyed over the Christmas and New Year holidays. The decision appears to have been made because of the success that “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” recently enjoyed over the Christmas and New Year holidays.

Why is Beijing using brute force to close down a tiny publisher of two-bit political gossip? Why is Beijing using brute force to close down a tiny publisher of two-bit political gossip? Op-Ed article by journalist Lian Yi-Zheng proposes alleged abduction of associates at politically provocative Hong Kong publishing house Mighty Current Media could be product of rivalry within Chinese Communist Party leadership; suggests blatant violation of Hong Kong's autonomy for seemingly facile reason reflects party's faltering political judgement.

 Photos from Serbia, Afghanistan, Pakistan and India. Photos from Serbia, Afghanistan, Pakistan and India.

Serbia and More — Pictures of the Day Serbia and More — Pictures of the Day 

Fall 2016 designs from Pierpaolo Piccioli and Maria Grazia Chiuri. Fall 2016 designs from Pierpaolo Piccioli and Maria Grazia Chiuri. 

 Bill Clinton makes nice to Bernie Sanders, then wonders if the senator could ever succeed in getting his priorities through Congress. Bill Clinton makes nice to Bernie Sanders, then wonders if the senator could ever succeed in getting his priorities through Congress.

At least 20 people were killed when militants attacked a campus in northwestern Pakistan on Wednesday. At least 20 people were killed when militants attacked a campus in northwestern Pakistan on Wednesday. 

Punishing temperatures won’t seem so bad with cozy accessories on hand. Punishing temperatures won’t seem so bad with cozy accessories on hand. 

 Why getting to single-payer is so hard starting from here. Why getting to single-payer is so hard starting from here.

A selection of apps, including Reporter, Instant and Sleep Cycle, that help you log your daily activities. A selection of apps, including Reporter, Instant and Sleep Cycle, that help you log your daily activities. 

 Donald J. Trump, fresh off his endorsement from Sarah Palin and an attack by Iowa’s Republican governor against his top rival, Ted Cruz, implored people in the first voting state to support him in the Feb. 1 caucuses. Donald J. Trump, fresh off his endorsement from Sarah Palin and an attack by Iowa’s Republican governor against his top rival, Ted Cruz, implored people in the first voting state to support him in the Feb. 1 caucuses.

For his latest solo outing, the artist Yuken Teruya applied his paper-cutting technique to cash, Monopoly boards and leaves. For his latest solo outing, the artist Yuken Teruya applied his paper-cutting technique to cash, Monopoly boards and leaves. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: College students face being drafted for Vietnam in 1966. From the International Herald Tribune archives: College students face being drafted for Vietnam in 1966.

Our new soup-to-nuts salmon guide and Turkish sweets from Melissa Clark. Our new soup-to-nuts salmon guide and Turkish sweets from Melissa Clark. 

 The actor will play opposite Kelli O’Hara for seven weeks, and then Daniel Dae Kim will assume the role for eight weeks. The actor will play opposite Kelli O’Hara for seven weeks, and then Daniel Dae Kim will assume the role for eight weeks.

 The Weeknd and Little Big Town will also play the ceremony, on Feb. 15, but organizers haven’t announced plans for a David Bowie tribute yet. The Weeknd and Little Big Town will also play the ceremony, on Feb. 15, but organizers haven’t announced plans for a David Bowie tribute yet.

Did you know someone who was injured or killed? Share with us your reflections and feelings as well as memories of those you knew whose path crossed in harm’s way. Did you know someone who was injured or killed? Share with us your reflections and feelings as well as memories of those you knew whose path crossed in harm’s way. 

 Teenage girls living in poorer neighborhoods are more likely to be vaccinated against human papillomavirus than those who live in richer areas. Teenage girls living in poorer neighborhoods are more likely to be vaccinated against human papillomavirus than those who live in richer areas.

Globally, 2015 was the warmest year in recorded history. Globally, 2015 was the warmest year in recorded history. 

 With a bit more confidence, Jeb Bush answers the question of whether he would have authorized the invasion of Iraq, the way his brother George W. Bush did. With a bit more confidence, Jeb Bush answers the question of whether he would have authorized the invasion of Iraq, the way his brother George W. Bush did.

The coming week on the dance calendar in New York looks ahead to casting ballets and opening a season, and looks back at some historical connections. The coming week on the dance calendar in New York looks ahead to casting ballets and opening a season, and looks back at some historical connections. 

 Senator Bernie Sanders often says that he has no “super PAC” supporting his candidacy and he has vigorously tried to keep any from forming. But he has been getting some unsolicited if mischievous help from Republican groups. Senator Bernie Sanders often says that he has no “super PAC” supporting his candidacy and he has vigorously tried to keep any from forming. But he has been getting some unsolicited if mischievous help from Republican groups.

The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack, whose victims were said to include students, a senior faculty member and four guards. The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack, whose victims were said to include students, a senior faculty member and four guards. 

 Why have deaths from drug overdoses surged in nearly every county across the United States? Why have deaths from drug overdoses surged in nearly every county across the United States?

This week’s properties include a shingle-style house in New Jersey, a Federal-style house in Kentucky and a condo on Boston Harbor. This week’s properties include a shingle-style house in New Jersey, a Federal-style house in Kentucky and a condo on Boston Harbor. 

A shingle-style house in New Jersey, a Federal-style house in Kentucky, and a condo on Boston Harbor A shingle-style house in New Jersey, a Federal-style house in Kentucky, and a condo on Boston Harbor 

The three-bedroom house, set between the Caribbean and a lagoon on the Yucatan Peninsula, is on the market for $2.4 million. The three-bedroom house, set between the Caribbean and a lagoon on the Yucatan Peninsula, is on the market for $2.4 million. 

 The transition from older, shrinking markets to new areas is proving difficult for tech’s most venerable companies. But that does not mean they won’t be able to reinvent themselves. The transition from older, shrinking markets to new areas is proving difficult for tech’s most venerable companies. But that does not mean they won’t be able to reinvent themselves.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: President Franklin Roosevelt is sworn into office for a third term in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: President Franklin Roosevelt is sworn into office for a third term in 1941.

A retired photography teacher and a man with an old Speed Graphic took each other’s photo, and the ex-teacher later discovered he had met a legend. A retired photography teacher and a man with an old Speed Graphic took each other’s photo, and the ex-teacher later discovered he had met a legend. 

 The Times prefers to focus on original work, the top opinion editor says. The Times prefers to focus on original work, the top opinion editor says.

 With 13 days until the Iowa caucuses, Donald J. Trump and Ted Cruz, the senator from Texas, are deploying different surrogates but similar playbooks in the state, where the Republican electorate is conservative and where each is trying hard to win. With 13 days until the Iowa caucuses, Donald J. Trump and Ted Cruz, the senator from Texas, are deploying different surrogates but similar playbooks in the state, where the Republican electorate is conservative and where each is trying hard to win.

 Mr. Kasich of Ohio, who has picked up a couple of endorsements in the state and performed well in a recent poll there, will give a speech to its House of Representatives in Concord on Wednesday. Mr. Kasich of Ohio, who has picked up a couple of endorsements in the state and performed well in a recent poll there, will give a speech to its House of Representatives in Concord on Wednesday.

 When your son stays up through the night to text with a buddy who is falling apart, you need to step in. But how? When your son stays up through the night to text with a buddy who is falling apart, you need to step in. But how?

 President Obama will travel to Detroit to celebrate the automobile industry bailout he put into effect during his first year in office. But the victory lap runs uncomfortably close to the latest crisis weighing on his administration: About 70 miles north, in Flint, residents have been poisoned by lead-contaminated water. President Obama will travel to Detroit to celebrate the automobile industry bailout he put into effect during his first year in office. But the victory lap runs uncomfortably close to the latest crisis weighing on his administration: About 70 miles north, in Flint, residents have been poisoned by lead-contaminated water.

 Senator Mitch McConnell, the Kentucky Republican and majority leader, has set a vote for Wednesday afternoon on opening debate over a measure approved by the House in the aftermath of the Paris terrorist attacks that tightens scrutiny of those entering the United States from Syria and Iraq. Senator Mitch McConnell, the Kentucky Republican and majority leader, has set a vote for Wednesday afternoon on opening debate over a measure approved by the House in the aftermath of the Paris terrorist attacks that tightens scrutiny of those entering the United States from Syria and Iraq.

 Expect Some Unicorns to Lose Their Horns | Legislation Could Add to Scrutiny of Regulators | Steven Cohen’s Loan Secured by Art Expect Some Unicorns to Lose Their Horns | Legislation Could Add to Scrutiny of Regulators | Steven Cohen’s Loan Secured by Art

Wednesday: Losing beloved eateries, blustery weather, and a trip to Ancient Egypt. Wednesday: Losing beloved eateries, blustery weather, and a trip to Ancient Egypt. 

 In a letter to the four party leaders, more than 70 current and former police chiefs and sheriffs joined federal and state prosecutors in urging Congress to act on pending legislation to cut mandatory minimum sentences and other measures. In a letter to the four party leaders, more than 70 current and former police chiefs and sheriffs joined federal and state prosecutors in urging Congress to act on pending legislation to cut mandatory minimum sentences and other measures.

 The company’s latest fundraising comes amid growing cutthroat competition from rivals like Spotify and Apple Music, which also are eagerly signing up new subscribers around the globe. The company’s latest fundraising comes amid growing cutthroat competition from rivals like Spotify and Apple Music, which also are eagerly signing up new subscribers around the globe.

 A reader asks: Is chronic eye redness due to dilated blood vessels reversible or treatable? A reader asks: Is chronic eye redness due to dilated blood vessels reversible or treatable?

We asked parents of children with Type 1 diabetes to share their stories about the educational obstacles they have encountered and the steps they took to overcome them. We asked parents of children with Type 1 diabetes to share their stories about the educational obstacles they have encountered and the steps they took to overcome them. 

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 A new, carefully designed study of the effects of gluten-free diets on athletic performance suggests that giving up gluten may not provide the benefits that many healthy athletes hope for. A new, carefully designed study of the effects of gluten-free diets on athletic performance suggests that giving up gluten may not provide the benefits that many healthy athletes hope for.

 How do you feel about comics and superheroes, now or when you were younger? What is your reaction to new characters who are “no longer primarily straight, white and male under their masks”? How do you feel about comics and superheroes, now or when you were younger? What is your reaction to new characters who are “no longer primarily straight, white and male under their masks”?

Closed for 40 years, the New York City Farm Colony is being sold to a developer and partly preserved. Closed for 40 years, the New York City Farm Colony is being sold to a developer and partly preserved. 

 Death may be humanity’s great equalizer, but there are vast inequalities in how we die. Death may be humanity’s great equalizer, but there are vast inequalities in how we die.

The Iran case showed that the use of diplomacy was the best course. The Iran case showed that the use of diplomacy was the best course. Editorial praises Pres Obama and Sec of State John Kerry for effort which freed captive Americans in prisoner swap with Iran; contrasts benefits of using diplomatic process for obtaining release of captives with dangers of blindly paying ransoms.

In many ways, the party’s strategy of resistance to all things Democratic has backfired. In many ways, the party’s strategy of resistance to all things Democratic has backfired. 

What if the eras of the E.U., high growth in China, expensive oil and newly independent nations’ economic foundations are all over? What if the eras of the E.U., high growth in China, expensive oil and newly independent nations’ economic foundations are all over? Thomas L Friedman Op-Ed column considers range of economic, political and technological developments whose unpredictable effects will shape world next American president will confront. 

 The cost of higher education is very much on the minds of many voters these days, and it's an issue among politicians from both sides of the aisle. The cost of higher education is very much on the minds of many voters these days, and it's an issue among politicians from both sides of the aisle.

 A collaborative portrait project of New Orleans’s queer community began with Meg Turner’s realization that history books and galleries didn’t reflect the people and lives she knew. A collaborative portrait project of New Orleans’s queer community began with Meg Turner’s realization that history books and galleries didn’t reflect the people and lives she knew.

Joseph P. Dwyer, who participated in a scheme to pay a police sergeant to gain access to a restricted database, could be sentenced to prison this spring. Joseph P. Dwyer, who participated in a scheme to pay a police sergeant to gain access to a restricted database, could be sentenced to prison this spring. Retired New York City Police Officer Joseph P Dwyer pleads guilty to being involved in scheme to pay Sgt Ronald G Buell to gain access to restricted law enforcement database run by FBI; Dwyer, employed as private investigator by defense lawyers in almost dozen cases in New York, enlisted Buell's help to obtain information about witnesses.

Corrections appearing in print on Wednesday, January 20, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Wednesday, January 20, 2016. 

 A show intended to focus on emerging artists adds a biennial veteran, Sterling Ruby. A show intended to focus on emerging artists adds a biennial veteran, Sterling Ruby.

Dig into the refugee crisis in “Salam Neighbor” and the war on terror in “Drone,” or forget politics entirely and enjoy “Kocktails With Khloé.” Dig into the refugee crisis in “Salam Neighbor” and the war on terror in “Drone,” or forget politics entirely and enjoy “Kocktails With Khloé.” 

Jean Gracia, a former French track federation official, has been appointed the interim chief executive of the International Association of Athletics Federations. Jean Gracia, a former French track federation official, has been appointed the interim chief executive of the International Association of Athletics Federations. 

Chandini Portteus, the chief executive of Livestrong, the struggling cancer foundation started by Lance Armstrong, said she wanted to spend time with her family. Chandini Portteus, the chief executive of Livestrong, the struggling cancer foundation started by Lance Armstrong, said she wanted to spend time with her family. Chandini Portteus resigns as chief executive of Lance Armstrong's Livestrong cancer foundation after less than year.

Khris Middleton scored 22 points, Greg Monroe added 15, and visiting Milwaukee clamped down defensively on short-handed Miami. Khris Middleton scored 22 points, Greg Monroe added 15, and visiting Milwaukee clamped down defensively on short-handed Miami. Milwaukee Bucks beat Miami Heat, 91-79; other pro basketball scores noted.

American Pharoah, the Triple Crown-winning colt, was named the world’s No. 1 racehorse for 2015 by the International Federation of Horseracing Authorities in London. American Pharoah, the Triple Crown-winning colt, was named the world’s No. 1 racehorse for 2015 by the International Federation of Horseracing Authorities in London. International Federation of Horseracing Authorities names Triple Crown-winner American Pharoah No 1 racehorse for 2015.

Ticket sales for the Games and Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro are disappointing the organizers. About half of the 4.5 million Olympic tickets set aside for the domestic market have been sold. Ticket sales for the Games and Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro are disappointing the organizers. About half of the 4.5 million Olympic tickets set aside for the domestic market have been sold. Slow ticket sales for 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro are discouraging organizers.

Aston Villa avoided embarrassment in the F.A. Cup by overcoming fourth-tier Wycombe, winning a replay, 2-0, at home to reach the fourth round. Aston Villa avoided embarrassment in the F.A. Cup by overcoming fourth-tier Wycombe, winning a replay, 2-0, at home to reach the fourth round. Aston Villa beats Wycombe, 2-0, in FA Cup match; other soccer scores noted. 

Jawun Evans scored 22 points for the Cowboys, who defeated the No. 3 Jayhawks in Stillwater, Okla., for the third time in a row. Jawun Evans scored 22 points for the Cowboys, who defeated the No. 3 Jayhawks in Stillwater, Okla., for the third time in a row. Roundup; Oklahoma State beats Kansas, 86-67; other college basketball scores noted.

Officials Tuesday suspended the search for 12 Marines who were aboard two helicopters that crashed off Hawaii last week. Officials Tuesday suspended the search for 12 Marines who were aboard two helicopters that crashed off Hawaii last week. Hawaiian officials suspend search for 12 missing crew members aboard two helicopters that crashed in area; memorial service is planned at Marine Corps Base Hawaii in their honor; names of crewmen listed. 

 This word has appeared in four New York Times articles in the past three years. This word has appeared in four New York Times articles in the past three years.

The media research company will include Facebook conversations about TV shows, along with Twitter messages, in its measurement system. The media research company will include Facebook conversations about TV shows, along with Twitter messages, in its measurement system. Nielsen is set to announce that it is working with Facebook to include conversations on social network about television in its measurement system; company's new metric will also include activity on Twitter related to television. 

Quotation of the Day for Wednesday, January 20, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Wednesday, January 20, 2016. 

GIOVANNIELLO--Margaret Montgomery Torr, of Cedarhurst on January 17, 2016. Devoted wife, mother, attorney, administrative law judge and bar association leader. Born on May 23, 1927, in Terre Haute, Indiana, a graduate of the University of Wisconsin and Brooklyn Law School. After marriage to husband Joseph on June 10, 1951, they attended law school together at night while working full-time, then practiced law as Giovanniello & Giovanniello. Later, an administrative law judge with the New York State Department of Labor, she was a leader of the bar, serving as president of the Brooklyn Women's Bar Association, the New York Association of Administrative Law Judges and the National Association of Administrative Law Judiciary. Judge Giovanniello is survived by her sister Helen Exton; four sons: Rocco, Raymond, Joseph Jr., and Earle and six grandchildren, Lauren, Ray Jr., Rachel, Daniel, Sarah and Elizabeth. Family will receive friends at Flinch & Bruns Funeral Home, 34 Hempstead Avenue, Lynbrook, NY, Wednesday, January 20, 2016 from 2-4 and 7-9pm. Interment St. Charles Cemetery, Farmingdale on Thursday, January 21, 2016 at 11am. For further information, please visit www.flinchand bruns.com. 1/3 GIOVANNIELLO--Margaret Montgomery Torr, of Cedarhurst on January 17, 2016. Devoted wife, mother, attorney, administrative law judge and bar association leader. Born on May 23, 1927, in Terre Haute, Indiana, a graduate of the University of Wisconsin and Brooklyn Law School. After marriage to husband Joseph on June 10, 1951, they attended law school together at night while working full-time, then practiced law as Giovanniello & Giovanniello. Later, an administrative law judge with the New York State Department of Labor, she was a leader of the bar, serving as president of the Brooklyn Women's Bar Association, the New York Association of Administrative Law Judges and the National Association of Administrative Law Judiciary. Judge Giovanniello is survived by her sister Helen Exton; four sons: Rocco, Raymond, Joseph Jr., and Earle and six grandchildren, Lauren, Ray Jr., Rachel, Daniel, Sarah and Elizabeth. Family will receive friends at Flinch & Bruns Funeral Home, 34 Hempstead Avenue, Lynbrook, NY, Wednesday, January 20, 2016 from 2-4 and 7-9pm. Interment St. Charles Cemetery, Farmingdale on Thursday, January 21, 2016 at 11am. For further information, please visit www.flinchand bruns.com. 1/3 

ABRAMSON--Richard S. The Harmonie Club notes with sorrow the passing of our honored member Mr. Richard S. Abramson. We extend our heartfelt condolences to his entire family. Philip R. Cowen, President, The Harmonie Club 1/3 ABRAMSON--Richard S. The Harmonie Club notes with sorrow the passing of our honored member Mr. Richard S. Abramson. We extend our heartfelt condolences to his entire family. Philip R. Cowen, President, The Harmonie Club 1/3 

HARNETT--Ruth. Age 91, passed away peacefully at her home in Boca Raton, Florida on January 10, 2016. She was predeceased on October 1, 2015 by her loving husband of 71 years, Bertram, a lawyer and retired New York State Supreme Court Judge. She is survived by her children, Andrea, a lawyer and retired Magistrate Judge in Washington, DC and her husband, Benjamin Fisherow; David, a psychiatrist in Medford, Massachusetts and his wife, Dr. Vivian Halfin; James, a lawyer in Madison, Wisconsin and his wife, Marsha Harnett; six grandchildren; and one great granddaughter. Ruth Harnett grew up in Far Rockaway, New York, and graduated from Brooklyn College. She later resided in Great Neck, New York, and in Manhattan. She served as the Director of the Nassau County, New York, Vocational Center for Women in the 1970's. She had many talents: she was an accomplished cook, a talented knitter and quilter, and a speaker of Italian. She read and travelled extensively. She was a beautiful, gentle, generous, elegant, and kind woman, beloved by all who knew her. Most of all, she was intensely loyal to her family, whom she loved as immensely, as we loved her. We will miss her greatly. A funeral was held on January 13, at Temple Beth-el in Boca Raton, Florida. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Planned Parenthood or to the charity of your choice. 1/3 HARNETT--Ruth. Age 91, passed away peacefully at her home in Boca Raton, Florida on January 10, 2016. She was predeceased on October 1, 2015 by her loving husband of 71 years, Bertram, a lawyer and retired New York State Supreme Court Judge. She is survived by her children, Andrea, a lawyer and retired Magistrate Judge in Washington, DC and her husband, Benjamin Fisherow; David, a psychiatrist in Medford, Massachusetts and his wife, Dr. Vivian Halfin; James, a lawyer in Madison, Wisconsin and his wife, Marsha Harnett; six grandchildren; and one great granddaughter. Ruth Harnett grew up in Far Rockaway, New York, and graduated from Brooklyn College. She later resided in Great Neck, New York, and in Manhattan. She served as the Director of the Nassau County, New York, Vocational Center for Women in the 1970's. She had many talents: she was an accomplished cook, a talented knitter and quilter, and a speaker of Italian. She read and travelled extensively. She was a beautiful, gentle, generous, elegant, and kind woman, beloved by all who knew her. Most of all, she was intensely loyal to her family, whom she loved as immensely, as we loved her. We will miss her greatly. A funeral was held on January 13, at Temple Beth-el in Boca Raton, Florida. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Planned Parenthood or to the charity of your choice. 1/3 

ABRAMSON--Richard S. The Washington Institute extends its deepest condolences to the family of our beloved president, Richard S. Abramson, on his passing at age 70. A longstanding Institute officer, Richard is remembered by those whose lives he touched as a friend, partner, mentor, and inspirational leader. In life and in death, he was fearless, facing great challenges with remarkable courage, boundless energy and infectious good humor. May his memory be for a true and lasting blessing. Martin J. Gross, Chairman Robert B. Satloff, Executive Director 1/3 ABRAMSON--Richard S. The Washington Institute extends its deepest condolences to the family of our beloved president, Richard S. Abramson, on his passing at age 70. A longstanding Institute officer, Richard is remembered by those whose lives he touched as a friend, partner, mentor, and inspirational leader. In life and in death, he was fearless, facing great challenges with remarkable courage, boundless energy and infectious good humor. May his memory be for a true and lasting blessing. Martin J. Gross, Chairman Robert B. Satloff, Executive Director 1/3 

ABRAMSON--Richard. What a unique gentleman; accomplished and so modest. Kind and gentle, we will miss him. Roberta and Stanley 1/3 ABRAMSON--Richard. What a unique gentleman; accomplished and so modest. Kind and gentle, we will miss him. Roberta and Stanley 1/3 

MUNDY--Meg, died on January 12, 2016. Born in London on January 4, 1915, she was an actress, model and editor. She is survived by her son Sotos and granddaughter Margaret Yannopoulos. 1/3 MUNDY--Meg, died on January 12, 2016. Born in London on January 4, 1915, she was an actress, model and editor. She is survived by her son Sotos and granddaughter Margaret Yannopoulos. 1/3 

MENDELSON--Solomon. The Cantors Assembly sadly notes the passing of its distinguished past president, Hazzan Solomon Mendelson. Sol was a visionary with the capacity to realize many of his dreams, teaching his colleagues to reach well beyond the roles most often associated with a Cantor. In particular, he was a prolific commissioner of new Jewish music, persuading the finest contemporary composers to become his collaborators. He will be deeply missed. The Cantors Assembly extends its condolences to Sol's wife, Emma, his children Keith and Lauren, their spouses, his grandchildren, sister Betty, and his brother, our revered colleague, Hazzan Jacob Mendelson. Alberto Mizrahi, President Stephen J. Stein, Exec. V.P. 1/3 MENDELSON--Solomon. The Cantors Assembly sadly notes the passing of its distinguished past president, Hazzan Solomon Mendelson. Sol was a visionary with the capacity to realize many of his dreams, teaching his colleagues to reach well beyond the roles most often associated with a Cantor. In particular, he was a prolific commissioner of new Jewish music, persuading the finest contemporary composers to become his collaborators. He will be deeply missed. The Cantors Assembly extends its condolences to Sol's wife, Emma, his children Keith and Lauren, their spouses, his grandchildren, sister Betty, and his brother, our revered colleague, Hazzan Jacob Mendelson. Alberto Mizrahi, President Stephen J. Stein, Exec. V.P. 1/3 

FRANKEL--Mickey (Muriel), 73, of Scarsdale, NY, passed away peacefully at home on January 18, 2016, and is remembered lovingly by her family. Wife for over 53 years to Steven; mother of Jill, Pamela and Wendy, mother-in-law to Steven, Jon and Adam; loving and adoring grandmother of Hannah, Jeffrey, Jacob, Eliot, Benjamin, Abigail, Ethan and Brooke; sister of Louis Morris and daughter of the late Harold and Edythe Morris. Mickey graduated from Scarsdale High School and the University of Pennsylvania and throughout her life was a dedicated and caring volunteer. She will be greatly missed. Funeral services will be private. Contributions in Mickey's memory can be made to Westchester Reform Temple, Scarsdale, NY. 1/3 FRANKEL--Mickey (Muriel), 73, of Scarsdale, NY, passed away peacefully at home on January 18, 2016, and is remembered lovingly by her family. Wife for over 53 years to Steven; mother of Jill, Pamela and Wendy, mother-in-law to Steven, Jon and Adam; loving and adoring grandmother of Hannah, Jeffrey, Jacob, Eliot, Benjamin, Abigail, Ethan and Brooke; sister of Louis Morris and daughter of the late Harold and Edythe Morris. Mickey graduated from Scarsdale High School and the University of Pennsylvania and throughout her life was a dedicated and caring volunteer. She will be greatly missed. Funeral services will be private. Contributions in Mickey's memory can be made to Westchester Reform Temple, Scarsdale, NY. 1/3 

MICHAEL--Carola, (1921-2016), born Hamburg, Germany. Loving and adored wife of the late Walter. Beloved and proud mother of the late Michael (Carol), Suzanne, and Karen (Bill); Oma to Joshua, Rachel (Mike) and Lindsey (Ryan); Goma to Evie Weaver, president Queens Museum; volunteer, Neuberger Museum. Her intelligence and optimism will be missed, as will her devotion to family and friends. Family thanks her wonderful caregivers Rashidah, Audrey, Maritza and Padma. A celebration of her life to be held this spring. In her memory, please donate to Save the Children Foundation. 1/3 MICHAEL--Carola, (1921-2016), born Hamburg, Germany. Loving and adored wife of the late Walter. Beloved and proud mother of the late Michael (Carol), Suzanne, and Karen (Bill); Oma to Joshua, Rachel (Mike) and Lindsey (Ryan); Goma to Evie Weaver, president Queens Museum; volunteer, Neuberger Museum. Her intelligence and optimism will be missed, as will her devotion to family and friends. Family thanks her wonderful caregivers Rashidah, Audrey, Maritza and Padma. A celebration of her life to be held this spring. In her memory, please donate to Save the Children Foundation. 1/3 

ABRAMSON-Richard. UJA-Federation of New York mourns the passing of Richard Abramson, who leaves behind a loving family that will carry on a tradition of exceptional Jewish philanthropy. We extend our heartfelt condolences to Richard's beloved wife, Lorraine; his children, Jill Manczyk (Jacob) and Gregg (Lauren); his grandchildren, Miles, Sadie, Emma, and Leah; and the entire family. Alisa R. Doctoroff, President; Linda Mirels, Chair of the Board; Eric S. Goldstein, CEO 1/3 ABRAMSON-Richard. UJA-Federation of New York mourns the passing of Richard Abramson, who leaves behind a loving family that will carry on a tradition of exceptional Jewish philanthropy. We extend our heartfelt condolences to Richard's beloved wife, Lorraine; his children, Jill Manczyk (Jacob) and Gregg (Lauren); his grandchildren, Miles, Sadie, Emma, and Leah; and the entire family. Alisa R. Doctoroff, President; Linda Mirels, Chair of the Board; Eric S. Goldstein, CEO 1/3 

MILLER--Arnold. We note with sorrow the passing of Arnold Miller, 83 years old, on Monday, January 18th. Beloved husband of Elaine. Devoted father to Sharon and Ken. Cherished grandfather of Brett, Kimberly and Hallie. You are in our hearts forever. Services will be held on Thursday at 10am at Westchester Reform Temple CJL. 1/3 MILLER--Arnold. We note with sorrow the passing of Arnold Miller, 83 years old, on Monday, January 18th. Beloved husband of Elaine. Devoted father to Sharon and Ken. Cherished grandfather of Brett, Kimberly and Hallie. You are in our hearts forever. Services will be held on Thursday at 10am at Westchester Reform Temple CJL. 1/3 

ABRAMSON--Richard S. American Friends of The Hebrew University (AFHU) and The Hebrew University of Jerusalem are saddened by the passing of our friend and colleague, Richard Abramson. Richard was a leader in the financial services industry and a humanitarian who was dedicated to Israel, the Jewish community and the cause of higher education. Richard served on AFHU's national board and its Investment Committee, helping to foster pioneering academic and research pursuits. We extend our deepest sympathies to his wife Lorraine and the entire family. May they be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. The Hebrew University of Jerusalem Professor Menahem Ben-Sasson, President American Friends of The Hebrew University Michael S. Kurtz, Chairman Daniel I. Schlessinger, President Beth Asnien McCoy, National Executive Director 1/3 ABRAMSON--Richard S. American Friends of The Hebrew University (AFHU) and The Hebrew University of Jerusalem are saddened by the passing of our friend and colleague, Richard Abramson. Richard was a leader in the financial services industry and a humanitarian who was dedicated to Israel, the Jewish community and the cause of higher education. Richard served on AFHU's national board and its Investment Committee, helping to foster pioneering academic and research pursuits. We extend our deepest sympathies to his wife Lorraine and the entire family. May they be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. The Hebrew University of Jerusalem Professor Menahem Ben-Sasson, President American Friends of The Hebrew University Michael S. Kurtz, Chairman Daniel I. Schlessinger, President Beth Asnien McCoy, National Executive Director 1/3 

ROSENTHAL--J. Robert, M.D. New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai notes with sorrow the passing of our dear friend and colleague J. Robert Rosenthal, M.D., a dedicated member of our community for more than 55 years. A renowned cornea surgeon, Dr. Rosenthal was also the hospital's first Medical Director and went on to serve as Senior Vice President for Medical Affairs and Chief Medical Officer before stepping down in 2014. He was a champion of quality service, advanced research, and excellence in physician training. Dr. Rosenthal was the member of a distinguished family of pioneering ophthalmologists at New York Eye and Ear Infirmary. In 2013, he received the John Kearney Rodgers Physician of the Year Award for his commitment to the hospital. New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai and the Mount Sinai Health System extend heartfelt condolences to his wife Gladys and the entire Rosenthal family. Peter W. May, Chairman, Boards of Trustees, Mount Sinai Health System Kenneth L. Davis, M.D., President and Chief Executive Officer, Mount Sinai Health System 1 ROSENTHAL--J. Robert, M.D. New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai notes with sorrow the passing of our dear friend and colleague J. Robert Rosenthal, M.D., a dedicated member of our community for more than 55 years. A renowned cornea surgeon, Dr. Rosenthal was also the hospital's first Medical Director and went on to serve as Senior Vice President for Medical Affairs and Chief Medical Officer before stepping down in 2014. He was a champion of quality service, advanced research, and excellence in physician training. Dr. Rosenthal was the member of a distinguished family of pioneering ophthalmologists at New York Eye and Ear Infirmary. In 2013, he received the John Kearney Rodgers Physician of the Year Award for his commitment to the hospital. New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai and the Mount Sinai Health System extend heartfelt condolences to his wife Gladys and the entire Rosenthal family. Peter W. May, Chairman, Boards of Trustees, Mount Sinai Health System Kenneth L. Davis, M.D., President and Chief Executive Officer, Mount Sinai Health System 1 

FRANKEL--Mickey. The congregation of Westchester Reform Temple mourns the death of its longtime, devoted member and former trustee and extends sympathy to her bereaved family. Helene K. Gray, President Jonathan E. Blake, Rabbi Jill Abramson, Cantor 1/3 FRANKEL--Mickey. The congregation of Westchester Reform Temple mourns the death of its longtime, devoted member and former trustee and extends sympathy to her bereaved family. Helene K. Gray, President Jonathan E. Blake, Rabbi Jill Abramson, Cantor 1/3 

MARKS--Richard M.,M.D., aged 80, died peacefully at home on January 14, 2016, surrounded by family. Richard will be especially missed by his wife, Judith, his four children, Andrew, Gigi, Elisabeth and Matthew, seven grandchildren, innumerable close family members and longtime friends. Richard was a psychiatrist and psychoanalyst in New York City, where he practiced for more than five decades. Richard grew up in Brooklyn and graduated from Midwood High School. He went to Columbia University and then onto SUNY Downstate College of Medicine, graduating in 1961. A lifetime New Yorker, Richard was a psychiatrist in the Air Force, based in Texas, before returning to New York City to finish his training at Albert Einstein Medical Center in the Bronx and the New York Psychoanalytic Institute. An Attending Clinical Professor in the department of Psychiatry at Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Assistant Attending Psychiatrist at Montefiore Medical Center and senior supervisor in the Consult Liaison Service at Montefiore Medical Center, Richard co-authored "Undertreatment of Medical Inpatients with Narcotic Analgesics," in the Annals of Internal Medicine, an influential article that has been cited more than 1,000 times in academic papers. Richard was an avid reader of history and The New York Times, a devotee of opera, classical music, and art. Richard loved traveling with his wife-together, they visited 43 countries. More than anything, he loved spending time with his family. He will be deeply missed by all of us. 1/3 MARKS--Richard M.,M.D., aged 80, died peacefully at home on January 14, 2016, surrounded by family. Richard will be especially missed by his wife, Judith, his four children, Andrew, Gigi, Elisabeth and Matthew, seven grandchildren, innumerable close family members and longtime friends. Richard was a psychiatrist and psychoanalyst in New York City, where he practiced for more than five decades. Richard grew up in Brooklyn and graduated from Midwood High School. He went to Columbia University and then onto SUNY Downstate College of Medicine, graduating in 1961. A lifetime New Yorker, Richard was a psychiatrist in the Air Force, based in Texas, before returning to New York City to finish his training at Albert Einstein Medical Center in the Bronx and the New York Psychoanalytic Institute. An Attending Clinical Professor in the department of Psychiatry at Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Assistant Attending Psychiatrist at Montefiore Medical Center and senior supervisor in the Consult Liaison Service at Montefiore Medical Center, Richard co-authored "Undertreatment of Medical Inpatients with Narcotic Analgesics," in the Annals of Internal Medicine, an influential article that has been cited more than 1,000 times in academic papers. Richard was an avid reader of history and The New York Times, a devotee of opera, classical music, and art. Richard loved traveling with his wife-together, they visited 43 countries. More than anything, he loved spending time with his family. He will be deeply missed by all of us. 1/3 

FRANKEL--Mickey. The Board of Governors and members of Beach Point Club note with deep sorrow the passing of our fellow member, Mickey Frankel, and extend sincere condolences to her family. James Dreyfus, President 1/3 FRANKEL--Mickey. The Board of Governors and members of Beach Point Club note with deep sorrow the passing of our fellow member, Mickey Frankel, and extend sincere condolences to her family. James Dreyfus, President 1/3 

ABRAMSON--Richard. The Long Island Hearing and Speech Society mourns the death of Richard Abramson. Brother of our Medical Director, Dr. Allan Abramson, and father of our Vice President, Gregg Abramson. Richard generously supported the hearing and speech impaired, whom we serve. Jonathan Leigh, President 1/3 ABRAMSON--Richard. The Long Island Hearing and Speech Society mourns the death of Richard Abramson. Brother of our Medical Director, Dr. Allan Abramson, and father of our Vice President, Gregg Abramson. Richard generously supported the hearing and speech impaired, whom we serve. Jonathan Leigh, President 1/3 

GEEHERN--Margaret K.,94, of Albany, formerly of Scarsdale. Born February 28, 1921 in Manhattan. She is survived by a daughter Constance (David) Novak of Albany and a grandson Jack Novak. She was predeceased by her husband Richard in 1997. Visitation Thursday, 4-8pm at Edwin L. Bennett Funeral Homes, Scarsdale. Funeral Mass Friday, January 22, 2016 at 10am, Our Lady of Fatima Church, Scarsdale. Interment Gate of Heaven Cemetery, Hawthorne, NY. 1/3 GEEHERN--Margaret K.,94, of Albany, formerly of Scarsdale. Born February 28, 1921 in Manhattan. She is survived by a daughter Constance (David) Novak of Albany and a grandson Jack Novak. She was predeceased by her husband Richard in 1997. Visitation Thursday, 4-8pm at Edwin L. Bennett Funeral Homes, Scarsdale. Funeral Mass Friday, January 22, 2016 at 10am, Our Lady of Fatima Church, Scarsdale. Interment Gate of Heaven Cemetery, Hawthorne, NY. 1/3 

MURPHY--Arthur W. Columbia Law School mourns the passing of Arthur W. Murphy, beloved professor for nearly 50 years, distinguished alumnus, and trusted governmental adviser on legal issues surrounding atomic energy and nuclear power. His voice of reason and creativity will be deeply missed. Our sympathies go out to his wife, Jean, his children, Lois, Rachel, and Paul, and the rest of the family. 1/3 MURPHY--Arthur W. Columbia Law School mourns the passing of Arthur W. Murphy, beloved professor for nearly 50 years, distinguished alumnus, and trusted governmental adviser on legal issues surrounding atomic energy and nuclear power. His voice of reason and creativity will be deeply missed. Our sympathies go out to his wife, Jean, his children, Lois, Rachel, and Paul, and the rest of the family. 1/3 

ABRAMSON--Richard. The staff and trustees of Northwell Health (formerly North Shore-LIJ Health System) mourn the loss of Trustee Richard Abramson. A dedicated benefactor, co-chairman of the Investment Committee and a member of the Finance, Audit and Executive Committees, Richard and his wife Lorraine supported many programs at Long Island Jewish Medical Center. Thanks to the Abramsons' generosity and commitment to raising the standard of health care for our community, the Richard and Lorraine Abramson Clinical Center at the LIJ Hearing and Speech Center was established. Richard's friendship, philanthropic support and dedication helped Northwell Health become a regional and national leader in health care. We extend our heartfelt condolences to Lorraine; children Gregg Abramson and Jill Manczyk; and grandchildren Emma, Leah, Miles and Sadie. Mark L. Claster, Chairman, Board of Trustees, Northwell Health Michael J. Dowling, President and CEO, Northwell Health 1/3 ABRAMSON--Richard. The staff and trustees of Northwell Health (formerly North Shore-LIJ Health System) mourn the loss of Trustee Richard Abramson. A dedicated benefactor, co-chairman of the Investment Committee and a member of the Finance, Audit and Executive Committees, Richard and his wife Lorraine supported many programs at Long Island Jewish Medical Center. Thanks to the Abramsons' generosity and commitment to raising the standard of health care for our community, the Richard and Lorraine Abramson Clinical Center at the LIJ Hearing and Speech Center was established. Richard's friendship, philanthropic support and dedication helped Northwell Health become a regional and national leader in health care. We extend our heartfelt condolences to Lorraine; children Gregg Abramson and Jill Manczyk; and grandchildren Emma, Leah, Miles and Sadie. Mark L. Claster, Chairman, Board of Trustees, Northwell Health Michael J. Dowling, President and CEO, Northwell Health 1/3 

WHITMAN--Helen (nee Samson), age 89 of Westport, CT, passed away January 15, 2016. Wife of her cherished Edward for 70 years- living a love usually reserved for poets and dreamers; sister of Gloria Levinson; mother, grandmother, aunt, and great-aunt. Helen was a person of extraordinary character and quality always shining a light of joy, class, kindness, and inspiration that nurtured her family. Loved and admired by the people who knew her, she was the unequivocal proof that one person can make a difference, and she did so in the most beautiful way. 1/3 WHITMAN--Helen (nee Samson), age 89 of Westport, CT, passed away January 15, 2016. Wife of her cherished Edward for 70 years- living a love usually reserved for poets and dreamers; sister of Gloria Levinson; mother, grandmother, aunt, and great-aunt. Helen was a person of extraordinary character and quality always shining a light of joy, class, kindness, and inspiration that nurtured her family. Loved and admired by the people who knew her, she was the unequivocal proof that one person can make a difference, and she did so in the most beautiful way. 1/3 

SONTAG--Jacob Ross, 19, died January 18, 2016 after a long and difficult battle with Canavan Disease. Son of Richard and Heidi Sontag and Jordana and Gareth Holovach. Brother of Blair and Dean Sontag and Remi and Hailey Holovach. The funeral will be on Thursday, January 21st at 10:00am, Congregation Kol Ami, 252 Soundview Ave., White Plains, NY 10606. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to Blythedale Children's Hospital or Canavan Research Illinois. 1/3 SONTAG--Jacob Ross, 19, died January 18, 2016 after a long and difficult battle with Canavan Disease. Son of Richard and Heidi Sontag and Jordana and Gareth Holovach. Brother of Blair and Dean Sontag and Remi and Hailey Holovach. The funeral will be on Thursday, January 21st at 10:00am, Congregation Kol Ami, 252 Soundview Ave., White Plains, NY 10606. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to Blythedale Children's Hospital or Canavan Research Illinois. 1/3 

ABRAMSON--Richard. The Board of Governers and the Members of The Seawane Club, record with sorrow the loss of our member Richard Abramson. We extend heartfelt sympathy to his wife Lorraine and family. Jeffrey Greenfield, President 1/3 ABRAMSON--Richard. The Board of Governers and the Members of The Seawane Club, record with sorrow the loss of our member Richard Abramson. We extend heartfelt sympathy to his wife Lorraine and family. Jeffrey Greenfield, President 1/3 

MAYER--Willa-Ann, age 77. (April 29, 1938-January 19, 2016). Born in the Bronx to Harry and Sylvia Greenhouse and survived by her beloved husband John and heartbroken daughter Jonill. Willa's art degree from Pratt led to a career in fashion, where she dressed stars/friends like Nina Simone and commissioned shoe drawings from Andy Warhol. A dancer, artist, publicist, world-traveler, and teacher for 20 years with a Masters degree from NYU, Willa lived many lives. Cute as a button at under 95 pounds, she impressed all who met her and will be forever missed. Willa-Ann will be celebrated Thursday, January 21, 2016 at 11:30am at "The Riverside," 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue. 1/3 MAYER--Willa-Ann, age 77. (April 29, 1938-January 19, 2016). Born in the Bronx to Harry and Sylvia Greenhouse and survived by her beloved husband John and heartbroken daughter Jonill. Willa's art degree from Pratt led to a career in fashion, where she dressed stars/friends like Nina Simone and commissioned shoe drawings from Andy Warhol. A dancer, artist, publicist, world-traveler, and teacher for 20 years with a Masters degree from NYU, Willa lived many lives. Cute as a button at under 95 pounds, she impressed all who met her and will be forever missed. Willa-Ann will be celebrated Thursday, January 21, 2016 at 11:30am at "The Riverside," 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue. 1/3 

BAILLIERE--Thomas Henry Gaither, Jr. On January 17, 2016, Thomas Henry Gaither Bailliere, Jr., of Poplar Hill, MD, beloved husband of Anne (nee Dobbin) Bailliere; devoted father of Elisabeth Bailliere Dean and her husband Christopher, Alexandra Bailliere and her husband Allan Treadwell; loving grandfather of Eliza, Diana and Nicholas Dean, Thomas, James and William Treadwell. Also survived by nine nieces and nephews. A funeral service will be held 11am, Friday at The Church of the Redeemer, 5603 N. Charles Street, Baltimore, MD 21210. Interment private. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions in Tom's name may be made to Johns Hopkins University, c/o Fund for Johns Hopkins Medicine, Attn: Project RESTORE in the Department of Neurology, 550 N. Broadway 7th Floor, Suite 731, Baltimore, MD 21205 or Baltimore Symphony Orchestra, Attn: Development, 1212 Cathedral Street, Baltimore, MD 21201. Memory tributes may be sent to the family at www.evans funeralchapel.com 1/3 BAILLIERE--Thomas Henry Gaither, Jr. On January 17, 2016, Thomas Henry Gaither Bailliere, Jr., of Poplar Hill, MD, beloved husband of Anne (nee Dobbin) Bailliere; devoted father of Elisabeth Bailliere Dean and her husband Christopher, Alexandra Bailliere and her husband Allan Treadwell; loving grandfather of Eliza, Diana and Nicholas Dean, Thomas, James and William Treadwell. Also survived by nine nieces and nephews. A funeral service will be held 11am, Friday at The Church of the Redeemer, 5603 N. Charles Street, Baltimore, MD 21210. Interment private. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions in Tom's name may be made to Johns Hopkins University, c/o Fund for Johns Hopkins Medicine, Attn: Project RESTORE in the Department of Neurology, 550 N. Broadway 7th Floor, Suite 731, Baltimore, MD 21205 or Baltimore Symphony Orchestra, Attn: Development, 1212 Cathedral Street, Baltimore, MD 21201. Memory tributes may be sent to the family at www.evans funeralchapel.com 1/3 

LARSON--Rev. Dr. Lawrence A.A.,died on January 16, 2016 at the age of 81. Born on December 27, 1934 to Julia and Adolph Larson in Chicago, IL. He became ordained as an Episcopal priest in 1968 and served at James Church in Great Barrington, MA, and rector of Christ Church in Ansonia, CT and St. Andrew's Church in Brewster, NY. His 50 years of ministry were marked by commitment to social justice. His first wife Dorothy predeceased him. He married Patricia Anderson in 1983. "Father" Larry is survived by his wife Pat, children Dr. Heidi Larson, L. Jeffrey Larson, Arlan Bussell, Merryl Dimaio, Lindsey Anderson, Jevan Anderson, eight grandchildren, two great-grandchildren and his sister Merryl Sanchez. Visitation will be held on January 24th from 1pm-3pm and 6pm-8pm. A service will be held at St. Andrew's Episcopal Church, Brewster, on January 25 at 11am. Services by Beecher Funeral Home, Brewster, NY. 845-279-3615. 1/3 LARSON--Rev. Dr. Lawrence A.A.,died on January 16, 2016 at the age of 81. Born on December 27, 1934 to Julia and Adolph Larson in Chicago, IL. He became ordained as an Episcopal priest in 1968 and served at James Church in Great Barrington, MA, and rector of Christ Church in Ansonia, CT and St. Andrew's Church in Brewster, NY. His 50 years of ministry were marked by commitment to social justice. His first wife Dorothy predeceased him. He married Patricia Anderson in 1983. "Father" Larry is survived by his wife Pat, children Dr. Heidi Larson, L. Jeffrey Larson, Arlan Bussell, Merryl Dimaio, Lindsey Anderson, Jevan Anderson, eight grandchildren, two great-grandchildren and his sister Merryl Sanchez. Visitation will be held on January 24th from 1pm-3pm and 6pm-8pm. A service will be held at St. Andrew's Episcopal Church, Brewster, on January 25 at 11am. Services by Beecher Funeral Home, Brewster, NY. 845-279-3615. 1/3 

ADES--Alan Maxwell, died on January 17, 2016. He was 90 years old. He leaves his loving wife, of 57 years, Joan, two daughters, Jane Ades and Susan Ades and her husband, Stephen Lawlor and five grandchildren, Benjamin, Raphi, Kirya, Olivia and Isabelle. He graduated Townsend Harris High School in three years and joined the army at 17 where he became part of the Corps of Engineers. He rose to the position of staff sergeant soon afterwards. After the war, he attended and graduated from CCNY. He founded and was president of Auburn Label and Tag, Co. He loved classical music from the time he was a teenager, when he first worked concessions at Carnegie Hall and extended and embraced that passion by serving on the Board of Directors of The Metropolitan Opera. Additionally, he served on the Board of Trustees of The Manhattan School of Music and of Central Synagogue in New York, where he was also confirmed. While at MSM, he and Joan founded the Ades Vocal Competition and built The Joan Taub Ades and Alan M. Ades Performance Space, as well. He was an avid sailor and skier. Services will take place at 11:00am on Tuesday, January 19, 2016 at Central Synagogue, 652 Lexington Ave., New York, NY. In lieu of flowers, please consider donations to The Metropolitan Opera or The Manhattan School of Music. 1/3 ADES--Alan Maxwell, died on January 17, 2016. He was 90 years old. He leaves his loving wife, of 57 years, Joan, two daughters, Jane Ades and Susan Ades and her husband, Stephen Lawlor and five grandchildren, Benjamin, Raphi, Kirya, Olivia and Isabelle. He graduated Townsend Harris High School in three years and joined the army at 17 where he became part of the Corps of Engineers. He rose to the position of staff sergeant soon afterwards. After the war, he attended and graduated from CCNY. He founded and was president of Auburn Label and Tag, Co. He loved classical music from the time he was a teenager, when he first worked concessions at Carnegie Hall and extended and embraced that passion by serving on the Board of Directors of The Metropolitan Opera. Additionally, he served on the Board of Trustees of The Manhattan School of Music and of Central Synagogue in New York, where he was also confirmed. While at MSM, he and Joan founded the Ades Vocal Competition and built The Joan Taub Ades and Alan M. Ades Performance Space, as well. He was an avid sailor and skier. Services will take place at 11:00am on Tuesday, January 19, 2016 at Central Synagogue, 652 Lexington Ave., New York, NY. In lieu of flowers, please consider donations to The Metropolitan Opera or The Manhattan School of Music. 1/3 

ADES--Alan M. The Harmonie Club notes with sorrow the passing of our honored member Mr. Alan M. Ades. We extend our heartfelt condolences to his entire family. Philip R. Cowen, President, The Harmonie Club 1/3 ADES--Alan M. The Harmonie Club notes with sorrow the passing of our honored member Mr. Alan M. Ades. We extend our heartfelt condolences to his entire family. Philip R. Cowen, President, The Harmonie Club 1/3 

KAHN--Walter. Born August 27, 1917 in Cologne, Germany, passed away January 18th at home in Forest Hills, surrounded by family. Loving father to Sandy and Nathan, Robin and Simon, Vivian and Gerry; grandfather and great-grandfather, husband of 63 years to his dedicated and beloved wife Grace. Funeral services were held on Tuesday, January 19th at the Queens Jewish Center, of which the Kahn family were founders and leaders, followed by burial in Israel. May the memory of the righteous be a blessing. 1/3 KAHN--Walter. Born August 27, 1917 in Cologne, Germany, passed away January 18th at home in Forest Hills, surrounded by family. Loving father to Sandy and Nathan, Robin and Simon, Vivian and Gerry; grandfather and great-grandfather, husband of 63 years to his dedicated and beloved wife Grace. Funeral services were held on Tuesday, January 19th at the Queens Jewish Center, of which the Kahn family were founders and leaders, followed by burial in Israel. May the memory of the righteous be a blessing. 1/3 

MILLER--Arnold L. Fenway Golf Club expresses profound sorrow at the passing of its esteemed member, Arnold L. Miller, and extends sincere condolences to his entire family. Bruce Haber, President 1/3 MILLER--Arnold L. Fenway Golf Club expresses profound sorrow at the passing of its esteemed member, Arnold L. Miller, and extends sincere condolences to his entire family. Bruce Haber, President 1/3 

ISSELBACHER--Marga (nee Schiff). Born in Oberthulba, Germany June 6, 1927, passed away on January 17, 2016 surrounded by family in New York City. Doting mother and grandmother of Jesse, Tina, Kassidy, Samantha and Haley. She loved her family, Bob and Marjory Schiff, Carmen and Audrey Isselbacher, Gail Berney, Jonathan and Amie Schiff. She sorely missed the love of her life, Henry. Graveside service on Tuesday, January 19; Shiva at her home. 1/3 ISSELBACHER--Marga (nee Schiff). Born in Oberthulba, Germany June 6, 1927, passed away on January 17, 2016 surrounded by family in New York City. Doting mother and grandmother of Jesse, Tina, Kassidy, Samantha and Haley. She loved her family, Bob and Marjory Schiff, Carmen and Audrey Isselbacher, Gail Berney, Jonathan and Amie Schiff. She sorely missed the love of her life, Henry. Graveside service on Tuesday, January 19; Shiva at her home. 1/3 

LIEBER-Constance. UJA-Federation of New York mourns the passing of Connie Lieber, a passionate lifelong leader committed to supporting mental health research and improving lives around the world. We extend our heartfelt condolences to Connie's beloved husband, Stephen; her sister, Beverly; her children, Janice and Sam (Mary); her devoted grandson, nieces, and nephews; and the entire family. Alisa R. Doctoroff, President; Linda Mirels, Chair of the Board; Eric S. Goldstein, CEO 1/3 LIEBER-Constance. UJA-Federation of New York mourns the passing of Connie Lieber, a passionate lifelong leader committed to supporting mental health research and improving lives around the world. We extend our heartfelt condolences to Connie's beloved husband, Stephen; her sister, Beverly; her children, Janice and Sam (Mary); her devoted grandson, nieces, and nephews; and the entire family. Alisa R. Doctoroff, President; Linda Mirels, Chair of the Board; Eric S. Goldstein, CEO 1/3 

KRAMPNER--Robert, 96, died January 15 in Silver Spring, Maryland. He is survived by sons Jon Krampner of Los Angeles and Michael Krampner and his wife Ellen of Silver Spring; grandchildren Betsy Erickson and Charlie Krampner, both of Casper, Wyoming; brother Herbert Krampner of New York; and nephews John Krampner of Astoria and Joseph Sterinbach of Bayside. Graveside service 1:30pm today at Wellwood Cemetery, West Babylon, NY. Funeral services by Plaza Jewish Community Chapel of Manhattan. 1/3 KRAMPNER--Robert, 96, died January 15 in Silver Spring, Maryland. He is survived by sons Jon Krampner of Los Angeles and Michael Krampner and his wife Ellen of Silver Spring; grandchildren Betsy Erickson and Charlie Krampner, both of Casper, Wyoming; brother Herbert Krampner of New York; and nephews John Krampner of Astoria and Joseph Sterinbach of Bayside. Graveside service 1:30pm today at Wellwood Cemetery, West Babylon, NY. Funeral services by Plaza Jewish Community Chapel of Manhattan. 1/3 

TROOSKIN--Beatrice, of Tinton Falls, NJ beloved wife of the late Jeremiah. Devoted mother of Alice (Michael) Donoghue, Orin (Christine) Trooskin and the late Richard. Loving grandmother and great-grandmother. Services will be held at Bloomfield-Cooper Jewish Chapels, 2130 Route 35, Ocean, NJ on Thursday, 1pm. 1/3 TROOSKIN--Beatrice, of Tinton Falls, NJ beloved wife of the late Jeremiah. Devoted mother of Alice (Michael) Donoghue, Orin (Christine) Trooskin and the late Richard. Loving grandmother and great-grandmother. Services will be held at Bloomfield-Cooper Jewish Chapels, 2130 Route 35, Ocean, NJ on Thursday, 1pm. 1/3 

The top-seeded Williams and the fifth-seeded Sharapova were among the women who reached the third round. On the men’s side, seventh-seeded Kei Nishikori beat Austin Krajicek. The top-seeded Williams and the fifth-seeded Sharapova were among the women who reached the third round. On the men’s side, seventh-seeded Kei Nishikori beat Austin Krajicek. Serena Williams beats Hsieh Su-Wei and Maria Sharapova beats Aliaksandra Sasnovich in second round of Australian Open.

Schneider made nine of his 26 saves in the third period to lead the Devils to their second straight victory since a three-game losing streak. Schneider made nine of his 26 saves in the third period to lead the Devils to their second straight victory since a three-game losing streak. NHL Roundup; New Jersey Devils beat Calgary Flames, 4-2; other pro hockey scores noted.

The rig was at the center of a standoff between the countries in May 2014. The rig was at the center of a standoff between the countries in May 2014. Vietnam warns China to stop any drilling and remove oil rig out of disputed waters in South China Sea.

The Obama administration tightened eligibility for those who miss the Affordable Care Act enrollment deadline; insurers have complained that many consumers applied belatedly only when they became ill. The Obama administration tightened eligibility for those who miss the Affordable Care Act enrollment deadline; insurers have complained that many consumers applied belatedly only when they became ill. Federal insurance marketplace chief executive Kevin J Counihan announces several rules that will make it more difficult for consumers to get health insurance after open enrollment period; move is in response to complaints from insurers that many consumers only apply when they get sick.

The Rangers fired 49 shots against Miller but needed help to forge an overtime victory, which will give them a chance to win consecutive games for the first time in almost two months. The Rangers fired 49 shots against Miller but needed help to forge an overtime victory, which will give them a chance to win consecutive games for the first time in almost two months. New York Rangers beat Vancouver Canucks in overtime, 3-2.

An inspector general’s letter says that some of the information in her emails has been determined to have a designation usually given to information about “special access programs.” An inspector general’s letter says that some of the information in her emails has been determined to have a designation usually given to information about “special access programs.” Letter sent to lawmakers from I Charles McCullough III, inspector general for nation's intelligence agencies, says officials perusing emails on former Sec of State Hillary Rodham Clinton's private computer server found information they deem higher level of classification than 'top secret.'

Nadal, who lost to Fernando Verdasco at the Australian Open, has not gone past the quarterfinals in any Grand Slam event since winning the French Open in 2014. Nadal, who lost to Fernando Verdasco at the Australian Open, has not gone past the quarterfinals in any Grand Slam event since winning the French Open in 2014. Christopher Clarey On Tennis column considers whether first-round loss at Australian Open is beginning of terminal decline or opportunity to refocus and resurge for tennis champion Rafael Nadal.

Jeffrey Lurie stressed the importance of Pederson’s communication and leadership in his decision to pick Pederson as Philadelphia’s new coach. Jeffrey Lurie stressed the importance of Pederson’s communication and leadership in his decision to pick Pederson as Philadelphia’s new coach. NFL Roundup; Philadelphia Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie says he chose Doug Pederson as head coach based on his communication and leadership skills; other pro football news noted.

When Katherine Mateo’s son, who has autism, is too sick or unruly to attend his special school, she must remain with him at home instead of reporting to work, losing much-needed income. When Katherine Mateo’s son, who has autism, is too sick or unruly to attend his special school, she must remain with him at home instead of reporting to work, losing much-needed income. Catholic Charities Brooklyn and Queens, one of seven agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, helps Katherine Luna Mateo of Brooklyn pay for her rent and utility bills.

This final work in Dominique Morisseau’s Detroit trilogy is a deeply moral and deeply American play, with compassion for people trapped by circumstances. This final work in Dominique Morisseau’s Detroit trilogy is a deeply moral and deeply American play, with compassion for people trapped by circumstances. Ben Brantley reviews Atlantic Theater Comapny production of Dominique Morisseau play Skeleton Crew, directed by Ruben Santiago-Hudson at Atlantic Stage 2. 

Justice Garibaldi voted to uphold the death penalty and wrote decisions that defined sexual harassment in the workplace and declared Princeton&#8217;s all-male eating clubs discriminatory. Justice Garibaldi voted to uphold the death penalty and wrote decisions that defined sexual harassment in the workplace and declared Princeton&#8217;s all-male eating clubs discriminatory. Marie L Garibaldi, first woman to serve on New Jersey Supreme Court who became known for making trailblazing decisions and writing more than 225 opinions, dies at age 81. 

Harold M. Ickes delivered donations to Mayor Bill de Blasio’s re-election campaign the same day a client, A.E.G. Live, won approval to hold a lucrative music festival on Randalls Island. Harold M. Ickes delivered donations to Mayor Bill de Blasio’s re-election campaign the same day a client, A.E.G. Live, won approval to hold a lucrative music festival on Randalls Island. New York City officials say Mayor Bill de Blasio's administration assessed each application to hold music festival in city fairly and without favor after AEG Live wins permission to hold festival on Randalls Island; AEG Live employed Harold M Ickes, longtime friend and mentor of de Blasio, to lobby for permission, and Ickes bundled around $13,000 for de Blasio's re-election campaign just before permission was given.

The directive, known as the &#8220;dark money&#8221; executive order, would mandate that government contractors publicly report their contributions to groups that spend money to influence campaigns. The directive, known as the &#8220;dark money&#8221; executive order, would mandate that government contractors publicly report their contributions to groups that spend money to influence campaigns. Pres Obama is pondering executive order that would require companies that contract with federal government to report their political contributions to groups that spend money to influence campaigns.

Brett H. McGurk, who served under President Bush and is now a special envoy for President Obama, worked tirelessly for 14 months to negotiate the exchange of prisoners with Iran. Brett H. McGurk, who served under President Bush and is now a special envoy for President Obama, worked tirelessly for 14 months to negotiate the exchange of prisoners with Iran. Profile of Brett H McGurk, Pres Obama’s special envoy to global coalition fighting Islamic State; McGurk has played central role in three of administration’s most sensitive diplomatic efforts in Middle East--helping to broker transition to new Iraqi government in 2014, holding together 65-country alliance to combat Islamic State in Iraq and Syria and leading secret talks to free Americans held in Iran.

The Radio Drama Network alleges that a lawyer duped Himan Brown into signing papers ensuring that the bulk of Mr. Brown’s $100 million estate would go to a charitable trust under the lawyer’s control. The Radio Drama Network alleges that a lawyer duped Himan Brown into signing papers ensuring that the bulk of Mr. Brown’s $100 million estate would go to a charitable trust under the lawyer’s control. Board members of Radio Drama Network file suit against Richard L Kay, lawyer for radio drama creator Himan Brown, alleging that Kay duped Brown into leaving his fortune in Kay's hands; suit claims Brown intended for his fortune to go to Radio Drama Network, where two of his grandchildren are on board.

A flag from the Exodus, a ship carrying 4,500 Jewish refugees that was turned away from Palestine by the British in 1947, has been donated to the Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington. A flag from the Exodus, a ship carrying 4,500 Jewish refugees that was turned away from Palestine by the British in 1947, has been donated to the Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington. Brothers Bill and Tom Silverstein donate flag from ship Exodus, historic vessel that carried 4,500 Holocaust survivors to Palestine in 1947, to Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington; symbol of ill-fated voyage, in which all aboard were turned away from sanctuary by British is viewed as particularly poignant today as Middle East and Africa refugee crisis grows.

An American covert sabotage program that began in the Clinton administration and steadily escalated over the next 15 years also played a critical role in persuading the Iranians. An American covert sabotage program that began in the Clinton administration and steadily escalated over the next 15 years also played a critical role in persuading the Iranians. News Analysis; Pres Obama alludes to covert actions that played role in Iran's decision to give up its nuclear program; operations repeatedly dealt setbacks to nuclear program, and convinced Iranian leaders that their secrecy had been compromised in dangerous way. 

The advent of a new assortment of outside protesters, many opposed to the antigovernment protesters&#8217; own efforts, has again shifted the dynamics of the situation at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. The advent of a new assortment of outside protesters, many opposed to the antigovernment protesters&#8217; own efforts, has again shifted the dynamics of the situation at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. Antigovernment protesters occupying headquarters of Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon have sparked counterprotesters, who are insisting federal public lands remain open to everyone; newcomers include retired federal workers and environmental activists.

The electronic health records startup asked JPMorgan Chase last year to explore an I.P.O. in 2017, according to people with knowledge of the matter. The electronic health records startup asked JPMorgan Chase last year to explore an I.P.O. in 2017, according to people with knowledge of the matter. 

The acquisition is the latest in a series of mergers and acquisitions in the semiconductor industry as chip makers combine to cut costs. The acquisition is the latest in a series of mergers and acquisitions in the semiconductor industry as chip makers combine to cut costs. 

While plummeting oil prices are cutting into profits, they are not threatening big banks’ capital cushions, analysts say, thanks to rigorous regulation. While plummeting oil prices are cutting into profits, they are not threatening big banks’ capital cushions, analysts say, thanks to rigorous regulation. Banks of all sizes are being tested on ability to absorb losses as oil producers, wracked by low oil prices, struggle to pay off debt; while capital cushions of banks have yet to be seriously depleted, more serious problems could lie ahead.

Backers of Hillary Clinton, nervous about a surging Senator Bernie Sanders, are warning that he could send other Democrats in tight races to defeat. Backers of Hillary Clinton, nervous about a surging Senator Bernie Sanders, are warning that he could send other Democrats in tight races to defeat. Democrats supporting Hillary Rodham Clinton are trying to raise doubts about candidacy of Sen Bernie Sanders, arguing his socialist tenets would scare swing voters and cause Democrats to lose in close congressional and governor's races.

Bowing to complaints about spoilers on social media, CBS agreed to make broadcast delays for the Pacific and Mountain time zones optional this year Bowing to complaints about spoilers on social media, CBS agreed to make broadcast delays for the Pacific and Mountain time zones optional this year CBS will offer its stations and affiliates in Pacific and Mountain time zones option of broadcasting Feb 15 Grammy Awards show live for first time in awards' history; had previously delayed telecast of show, which is being held in Staples Center in Los Angeles, by three hours for stations on West Coast.

The arrests were made in connection with a suspected price-fixing scheme for high school trips to former Nazi camps in Poland, the Israeli police said. The arrests were made in connection with a suspected price-fixing scheme for high school trips to former Nazi camps in Poland, the Israeli police said. Authorities arrest nine people in connection with suspected price-fixing scheme for Israeli high school groups visiting Holocaust sites in Poland.

Six of the seven freed by the United States are naturalized or native-born Americans with dual citizenship. Most, if not all, have no immediate plans to move to Iran. Six of the seven freed by the United States are naturalized or native-born Americans with dual citizenship. Most, if not all, have no immediate plans to move to Iran. Six of seven prisoners freed by United States as part of deal with Iran are naturalized or native-born Americans with dual citizenship, and have no immediate plans to move to Iran.

Amid confusion over new U.S. visa rules intended to deter terrorists, Rana Rahimpour was unable to fly to New York because she was born in Iran. Amid confusion over new U.S. visa rules intended to deter terrorists, Rana Rahimpour was unable to fly to New York because she was born in Iran. 

President Obama’s action to protect undocumented parents from deportation was well within his authority. President Obama’s action to protect undocumented parents from deportation was well within his authority. Editorial excoriates states for suing Pres Obama over executive actions aimed at protecting undocumented immigrants from deportation; argues mass deportations are not viable solution, and notes that states lack legal grounds for their challenge; calls on Supreme Court to reinforce federal authority which presidents from both parties have historically used. 

More than 92,000 people made the perilous sea crossing from the Horn of Africa to Yemen last year. More than 92,000 people made the perilous sea crossing from the Horn of Africa to Yemen last year. 

Ms. McLean, 47, is the chief of Edens, which develops, operates and manages 120 retail shopping centers along the East Coast and in Texas. Ms. McLean, 47, is the chief of Edens, which develops, operates and manages 120 retail shopping centers along the East Coast and in Texas. Vivian Marino 30-Minute Interview with Edens chief executive Jodie W McLean; Edens manages and operates 120 retail shopping centers on East Coast and in Texas.

A prominent emergency room doctor at Mount Sinai Hospital on the Upper East Side was arrested and accused of drugging, groping and masturbating on a female patient and groping another. A prominent emergency room doctor at Mount Sinai Hospital on the Upper East Side was arrested and accused of drugging, groping and masturbating on a female patient and groping another. Emergency room doctor David H Newman is arrested on charges of drugging, groping and masturbating on female patient and groping another patient in separate episodes; Newman, who works at Mount Sinai on Upper East Side of Manhattan, is outspoken proponent of reforms in emergency care.

A day after the mayor declared the matter closed, his proposal to limit the hansoms to Central Park drew more criticism, with pedicab drivers chanting “one-term mayor” outside City Hall. A day after the mayor declared the matter closed, his proposal to limit the hansoms to Central Park drew more criticism, with pedicab drivers chanting “one-term mayor” outside City Hall. Opponents of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio's plan to reduce horse-carriage trade in Manhattan and relocate animals into Central Park gather at number of rallies around city to voice their opposition; de Blasio administration is hoping to secure quick approval from City Council on plan, which faces diverse group of opponents.

Tunisia on Tuesday declared a curfew in Kasserine after clashes between the police and more than 1,000 young protesters demonstrating for jobs. Tunisia on Tuesday declared a curfew in Kasserine after clashes between the police and more than 1,000 young protesters demonstrating for jobs. Tunisia declares curfew in Kasserine after several demonstrators and police officers are injured in clashes over lack of jobs. 

The air attacks occurred in the eastern province of Deir al-Zour, where the Islamic State had been accused of killing perhaps hundreds of people over the weekend. The air attacks occurred in the eastern province of Deir al-Zour, where the Islamic State had been accused of killing perhaps hundreds of people over the weekend. Russia launches airstrikes against Deir al-Zour, Syria, village where Islamic State has been accused of massacring hundreds of people, killing at least 60 militants.

The authorities say a woman lied when she told the police her daughter, 8, was killed when a gun accidentally discharged after falling off a table. The authorities say a woman lied when she told the police her daughter, 8, was killed when a gun accidentally discharged after falling off a table. Georgia authorities charge Marsha Lynch with obstruction and her son Quincy Lynch with involuntary manslaughter and reckless conduct in fatal shooting of her 8-year-old daughter Sharia Lynch.

After Cleveland was overwhelmed by Golden State on Monday night, Coach David Blatt addressed problems surrounding his team — some new, some recurring. After Cleveland was overwhelmed by Golden State on Monday night, Coach David Blatt addressed problems surrounding his team — some new, some recurring. 

A Greyhound bus rolled onto its side during a rainy morning commute, killing two women and sending at least eight other people to the hospital. A Greyhound bus rolled onto its side during a rainy morning commute, killing two women and sending at least eight other people to the hospital. Greyhound bus traveling through Northern California rolls onto center divider of Highway 101, killing two women and injuring eight others. 

A woman stabbed Denver’s fire chief Tuesday afternoon after jumping into his vehicle near the department’s headquarters, the authorities said. A woman stabbed Denver’s fire chief Tuesday afternoon after jumping into his vehicle near the department’s headquarters, the authorities said. Denver police arrest Marlene Zacevich-Rodriguez on suspicion of aggravated assault after she jumped into Fire Chief Eric Tade's vehicle and stabbed him; Tade has been hospitalized in fair condition. 

Twelve young Palestinians killed over three months in clashes with Israelis were from a West Bank town known as the hotbed of the latest wave of stabbings. Twelve young Palestinians killed over three months in clashes with Israelis were from a West Bank town known as the hotbed of the latest wave of stabbings. Sa’ir in West Bank has become hotbed for stabbings and attempted stabbings by young Palestinians; 12 young people have been killed over past three months after attempting to attack Israeli soldiers; Palestinian political leaders embrace dead as martyrs resisting Israel’s occupation of West Bank, but fear harsher crackdown.

The Congressional Budget Office reported that deficits, in decline for six years, will begin expanding again sooner than expected, posing tricky questions for presidential candidates of both parties. The Congressional Budget Office reported that deficits, in decline for six years, will begin expanding again sooner than expected, posing tricky questions for presidential candidates of both parties. Congressional Budget Office reports federal deficit for fiscal year is projected to be $544 billion, ending six-year trend of declining deficits; trend poses potential problem for presidential hopefuls who are proposing trillions of dollars in new tax cuts or spending.

Recent commercial real estate transactions in New York City. Recent commercial real estate transactions in New York City. 

The company is recalling about 10,000 Darth Vader and Disneyland 60th-anniversary infant onesies because the snaps can detach and pose a choking hazard. The company is recalling about 10,000 Darth Vader and Disneyland 60th-anniversary infant onesies because the snaps can detach and pose a choking hazard. Walt Disney Parks and Resorts is recalling 10,000 Darth Vader and Disneyland 60th-anniversary infant onesies after finding that snaps can detach and pose choking hazard.

The Energy Department will provide X-energy and Southern Company up to $40 million each for development of new nuclear power technologies to be used in coming decades. The Energy Department will provide X-energy and Southern Company up to $40 million each for development of new nuclear power technologies to be used in coming decades. Energy Dept announces it will give $40 million each to X Energy and Southern Company over course of five years to aid in development of advanced nuclear reactor designs, part of Obama administration efforts to maintain nuclear power as part of nation's energy mix.

Kecia Lewis stars in the Classic Stage Company production, which shifts Brecht’s antiwar drama to the Democratic Republic of Congo. Kecia Lewis stars in the Classic Stage Company production, which shifts Brecht’s antiwar drama to the Democratic Republic of Congo. Charles Isherwood reviews Classic Stage Company production of Bertolt Brecht play Mother Courage and Her Children, directed by Brian Kulick, starring Kecia Lewis. 

The Canadian restaurant chain will cut the price of its Mexican-style menu items on the day Chipotle plans to close down during lunchtime for an employee meeting on food safety. The Canadian restaurant chain will cut the price of its Mexican-style menu items on the day Chipotle plans to close down during lunchtime for an employee meeting on food safety. 

The market downturn will force highly valued start-ups to regroup and seek money at lower valuations, pitting employees, founders and investors against each other. The market downturn will force highly valued start-ups to regroup and seek money at lower valuations, pitting employees, founders and investors against each other. Steven Davidoff Solomon Deal Professor column offers preview of inevitable disputes that will arise in so-called unicorn companies valued above billion dollars in wake of downturn in markets.

In the two weeks left before the Iowa caucuses, Mr. Sanders is traversing the state the old-fashioned way, and bringing with him an arsenal of poll numbers. In the two weeks left before the Iowa caucuses, Mr. Sanders is traversing the state the old-fashioned way, and bringing with him an arsenal of poll numbers. Democratic presidential hopeful Sen Bernie Sanders travels across Iowa in campaign bus, two weeks before caucus; schedule provides break from big coastal rallies.

Among the biggest draws at this year’s gathering are some of the newest members of the global leadership club. Among the biggest draws at this year’s gathering are some of the newest members of the global leadership club. 

This film is a fictionalized chronicle of the deaths of Alberto and Alejandro Pérez Jiménez, small wrestlers who were killed in a botched robbery in 2009. This film is a fictionalized chronicle of the deaths of Alberto and Alejandro Pérez Jiménez, small wrestlers who were killed in a botched robbery in 2009. A O Scott reviews Arturo Ripstein film Bleak Street starring Juan Francisco Longoria and Guillermo Lopez. 

Iran does not want to pay up to $2 billion to American victims of terrorism, and has appealed to the justices to disapprove legislation ordering the payments. Iran does not want to pay up to $2 billion to American victims of terrorism, and has appealed to the justices to disapprove legislation ordering the payments. Congressional Memo; Iran's lawsuit contesting payment of $2 billion in frozen assets to victims of terrorist attacks has created profound test of power between Congress and judiciary; both Republicans and Democrats are urging Supreme Court to reject Iran's argument that Congress usurped authority of courts, under Article 3 of the Constitution, when it passed 2012 law about compensation.

American officials said that the Syrian government’s antiaircraft weapons posed a threat and that dropping aid to a populated area could hurt the very people it was meant to help. American officials said that the Syrian government’s antiaircraft weapons posed a threat and that dropping aid to a populated area could hurt the very people it was meant to help. American officials say airdrops of food into besieged towns of Syria are too risky, citing threat posed by Islamic State and Syrian military.

A new book argues that the great strides in American innovation and prosperity made from 1920 through 1970 are unlikely to be repeated. A new book argues that the great strides in American innovation and prosperity made from 1920 through 1970 are unlikely to be repeated. Eduardo Porter Economic Scene column calls attention to Robert J Gordon book The Rise and Fall of American Growth, which makes pessimistic case that technological progress has slowed and that living standard of youth today will not double that of their parents; notes book argues that while progress and prosperity may accrue to select few, rest will be left behind, which will have political and economic consequences.

A Museum of Modern Art retrospective highlights 18 films featuring dance numbers by Jack Cole, a performance coach to Rita Hayworth and Marilyn Monroe. A Museum of Modern Art retrospective highlights 18 films featuring dance numbers by Jack Cole, a performance coach to Rita Hayworth and Marilyn Monroe. Museum of Modern Art showcases jazz-inspired work of choreographer Jack Cole in film retrospective All That Jack (Cole), featuring 18 movies from 1940s and '50s.

The Sleeping Giant composers’ collective was commissioned to create this six-part collaboration, which had its premiere on Monday at Carnegie Hall. The Sleeping Giant composers’ collective was commissioned to create this six-part collaboration, which had its premiere on Monday at Carnegie Hall. Anthony Tommasini reviews New York premiere of musical suite Hand Eye, composed by Sleeping Giant collective and performed by Eighth Blackbird, at Zankel Hall. 

The producer and remixer, who as been commissioned to remix Coldplay, gained attention by remixing known tracks and putting them on SoundCloud. The producer and remixer, who as been commissioned to remix Coldplay, gained attention by remixing known tracks and putting them on SoundCloud. Norwegian DJ Kygo, who is set to perform concert at Barclays Center, has developed significant following in United States and around world with slower-paced, relaxing type of electronic dance music known as tropical house.

The company missed growth forecasts, adding just 1.56 million subscribers, a decline from the 1.9 million it added during the same period the previous year. The company missed growth forecasts, adding just 1.56 million subscribers, a decline from the 1.9 million it added during the same period the previous year. Netflix announces it has added record 5.59 million total streaming members in fourth quarter, to reach total of 74.76 million worldwide, but only added 1.56 million subscribers in United States, decline from 1.9 million added in same period year earlier.

Critics warn that the legislation is intended to create additional burdens and delays in the regulation process. Critics warn that the legislation is intended to create additional burdens and delays in the regulation process. Bipartisan group of senators is working on bundle of regulatory reform bills that is likely to include measure that will place stricter scrutiny on independent regulators like Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and Securities and Exchange Commission; critics say measure will make agency rules more vulnerable to legal challenges and will lead to delays when issuing rules for Wall Street, while supporters say legislation will increase transparency.

The most recent issue of the militant group’s online publication, Dabiq, included a eulogy for Mohammed Emwazi, a British citizen. The most recent issue of the militant group’s online publication, Dabiq, included a eulogy for Mohammed Emwazi, a British citizen. Islamic State confirms that its most notorious executioner Mohammed Emwazi, known as Jihadi John, was killed in 2015 during airstrike in northern Syria.

The range of performers at Terminal 5 on the first anniversary of his death testified to how wide Yams’s umbrella truly was. The range of performers at Terminal 5 on the first anniversary of his death testified to how wide Yams’s umbrella truly was. Jon Caramanica Critic's Notebook praises Yams Day tribute concert for showcasing values extolled by ASAP Yams, hip hop record executive who died in 2015. 

In Ecuador, the name Barcelona is associated with a club founded in Guayaquil that resonates much as Messi & Company do in Spain. But lately the team has struggled financially and on the field. In Ecuador, the name Barcelona is associated with a club founded in Guayaquil that resonates much as Messi & Company do in Spain. But lately the team has struggled financially and on the field. Ecuadorean soccer club Barcelona SC shares little beyond local prominence and name with famous Spanish team FC Barcelona; new management hopes to reverse recent downturn in club's finances and its performance on field.

For the first time in more than a decade, Mercury, Venus, Mars, Saturn and Jupiter will be simultaneously visible to the naked eye through Feb. 20. For the first time in more than a decade, Mercury, Venus, Mars, Saturn and Jupiter will be simultaneously visible to the naked eye through Feb. 20. 

The computing giant’s new areas, such as data analytics, its Watson software and cloud computing, have yet to grow fast enough to supplant company’s eroding legacy products. The computing giant’s new areas, such as data analytics, its Watson software and cloud computing, have yet to grow fast enough to supplant company’s eroding legacy products. IBM reports 19 percent drop in net profit in fourth quarter to $4.5 billion and revenue drop of 9 percent to $22.1 billion.

A new survey conducted by Quinnipiac University came as New York’s mayor was working to counter criticism about his leadership abilities. A new survey conducted by Quinnipiac University came as New York’s mayor was working to counter criticism about his leadership abilities. Quinnipiac University releases poll that shows New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio's approval rating has gone up and that half of voters in city view him positively; upward shift has come as de Blasio has made concerted effort to address persistent criticism of his management style and his handling of several prominent issues, including spike in homelessness.

“I’m sorry, and I will fix it,” he said in a State of the State address in which he focused on an issue that has consumed the state and drawn national attention. “I’m sorry, and I will fix it,” he said in a State of the State address in which he focused on an issue that has consumed the state and drawn national attention. Michigan Gov Rick Snyder publicly apologizes for water contamination in Flint, acknowledging role of government in catastrophe; offers more detailed assessment of situation than given previously and promises to release more information, but leaves several questions unanswered; pledges to fix situation.

Also, Brian Loiacono takes over at Acme; channeling Marie Antoinette at Le Boudoir; and ramen at Nakamura. Also, Brian Loiacono takes over at Acme; channeling Marie Antoinette at Le Boudoir; and ramen at Nakamura. Restaurants Lilia, Acme and Nakamura open in New York City.

The five-man cast of the Improvised Shakespeare Company builds word-drunk and spot-on parodies of comedies and tragedies right on the spot. The five-man cast of the Improvised Shakespeare Company builds word-drunk and spot-on parodies of comedies and tragedies right on the spot. Jason Zinoman On Comedy column compliments Improvised Shakespeare Company for their ability to create ribald humor spontaneously, devising sophisticated jokes and comedic poems while on stage. 

Fellow officers saw the death of Cmdr. Job W. Price, which was ruled a suicide, as a cautionary tale of how men were ground down by years of fighting and losing comrades. Fellow officers saw the death of Cmdr. Job W. Price, which was ruled a suicide, as a cautionary tale of how men were ground down by years of fighting and losing comrades. Death of Navy SEAL Cmdr Job W Price in apparent suicide in Afghanistan in 2012 leaves questions in its wake, with fellow officers viewing incident as cautionary tale for the effects of multiple grueling deployments; suicide is rare among SEALs, particularly during deployment, but Price's unit had suffered series of setbacks, including deaths, Taliban threats and worsening relations with Afghans; those close to Price say they witnessed his unraveling.

With her parents in attendance, Zhang, a qualifier who said she came close to retiring from tennis in the fall as her ranking fell to 200th, notched her first Grand Slam win. With her parents in attendance, Zhang, a qualifier who said she came close to retiring from tennis in the fall as her ranking fell to 200th, notched her first Grand Slam win. Chinese tennis player Zhang Shuai, on brink of retirement after going 0-14 at Grand Slam events, reconsiders after beating second-seeded Simona Halep at Australian Open.

Near campuses around the country, developers are building housing for the staff, tapping into the desire among some younger workers to live in walkable, urban communities. Near campuses around the country, developers are building housing for the staff, tapping into the desire among some younger workers to live in walkable, urban communities. New 28-story tower at 3601 Market Street in Philadelphia is intended to attract young professionals and graduate students to University City neighborhood; tower is one of many luxury buildings that developers across country are constructing near university campuses in effort to draw recently graduated students.

The backing of Mrs. Palin, the former Alaska governor and 2008 vice-presidential nominee, provides Mr. Trump with a potential boost less than two weeks before the Iowa caucuses. The backing of Mrs. Palin, the former Alaska governor and 2008 vice-presidential nominee, provides Mr. Trump with a potential boost less than two weeks before the Iowa caucuses. Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor and 2008 vice-presidential nominee, endorses Donald J Trump in Iowa, giving Trump both high-profile support and political boost 13 days before caucuses; it is uncertain whether Palin's support will make significant difference in long run, but it could alter course of events in key early state where she has amassed considerable influence among Tea Party loyalists. 

Mr. Shkreli’s law firm, Arnold & Porter, notified the court to say the pharmaceutical executive was retaining new lawyers. Mr. Shkreli’s law firm, Arnold & Porter, notified the court to say the pharmaceutical executive was retaining new lawyers. Legal team at Arnold & Porter, law firm that was representing former hedge fund manager Martin Shkreli in his securities fraud trial, files letter in federal court saying that Shkreli is in midst of retaining new team of lawyers.

The law, which was significantly revised after Gov. Chris Christie vetoed the original, is intended to make it easier for small businesses to offer a tax-deferred savings program to employees. The law, which was significantly revised after Gov. Chris Christie vetoed the original, is intended to make it easier for small businesses to offer a tax-deferred savings program to employees. New Jersey Gov Chris Christie signs bill to create New Jersey Small Business Marketplace, which will connect eligible employers and their employees with retirement plan providers that meet specific criteria; bill is revised version of one that passed both houses of New Jersey Legislature, which would have required businesses with over 25 employees to offer state-run retirement program if they did not already provide access to a plan.

A loondani, a copper tin given to Sonny Caberwal by his mother, contains the essential spices for homemade rajma. A loondani, a copper tin given to Sonny Caberwal by his mother, contains the essential spices for homemade rajma. Sonny Caberwal, Sikh founder of robotic letter-writing service Bond, values beaten copper spice tin, called Loondani, given to him by his mother.

Despite a step forward in a process aimed at bringing together the country’s warring parties, the formation of a single government still faces significant hurdles. Despite a step forward in a process aimed at bringing together the country’s warring parties, the formation of a single government still faces significant hurdles. Libyan officials nominate 32 people to serve as cabinet members in proposed unity government, part of United Nations plan to bring together country's warring parties.

The state media reported that Mr. Dahlin, co-founder of a group that gave legal aid to Chinese citizens, had apologized for harmful activities. The state media reported that Mr. Dahlin, co-founder of a group that gave legal aid to Chinese citizens, had apologized for harmful activities. Detained Swedish activist Peter Dahlin, co-founder of Chinese Urgent Action Working Group, reportedly apologizes for engaging in activities harmful to China.

The French prime minister, Manuel Valls, said three people who attacked the hotel in Ouagadougou escaped, though three assailants died at the scene. The French prime minister, Manuel Valls, said three people who attacked the hotel in Ouagadougou escaped, though three assailants died at the scene. French authorities believe three assailants involved in attacks in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, that left at least 30 people dead, may have escaped custody.

Hinrich J. Woebcken will take over as head of the North America region for the Volkswagen brand on April 1, while Michael Horn will remain chief executive of the VW unit in the United States. Hinrich J. Woebcken will take over as head of the North America region for the Volkswagen brand on April 1, while Michael Horn will remain chief executive of the VW unit in the United States. Volkswagen names former BMW executive Hinrich J Woebcken to oversee its business in United States, Canada and Mexico.

From its caviar-filled eggs to its chocolate cake with sesame ganache, the upscale Chinese restaurant in the Waldorf Astoria offers sophisticated surprises. From its caviar-filled eggs to its chocolate cake with sesame ganache, the upscale Chinese restaurant in the Waldorf Astoria offers sophisticated surprises. Pete Wells reviews restaurant La Chine in Manhattan's Waldorf Astoria hotel.

Sophisticated Chinese with an eye for creativity at the Waldorf Astoria. Sophisticated Chinese with an eye for creativity at the Waldorf Astoria. 

Morgan Stanley’s private bank is providing a line of credit to Mr. Cohen at a time when both his business and personal prospects look bright. Morgan Stanley’s private bank is providing a line of credit to Mr. Cohen at a time when both his business and personal prospects look bright. Documents filed in Connecticut reveal Morgan Stanley approved personal loan for billionaire investor and art collector Steven A Cohen, which indicate Cohen may be interested in buying work of art; filing, combined with planned opening of his company Point72 Asset Management's London office, suggests Cohen has rebounded from pall cast on his reputation due to insider trading investigation of his former hedge fund SAC Capital Advisors.

Readers discuss the nuclear pact and the prisoner exchange. Readers discuss the nuclear pact and the prisoner exchange. 

A program called hip-hop therapy encourages students to give voice to their day-to-day struggles in neighborhoods where poverty and crime are constants. A program called hip-hop therapy encourages students to give voice to their day-to-day struggles in neighborhoods where poverty and crime are constants. New Visions Charter High School for Advanced Math and Science II in Bronx is one of many schools across country that offers innovative program known as hip-hop therapy, which has as its goal reaching students who may not respond to more traditional counseling; program encourage students to express their emotions about grappling with crime and poverty.

With Ken Paxton’s opinion that daily fantasy sports constitute “prohibited gambling,” Texas became the latest state to say that FanDuel and DraftKings were running afoul of its laws. With Ken Paxton’s opinion that daily fantasy sports constitute “prohibited gambling,” Texas became the latest state to say that FanDuel and DraftKings were running afoul of its laws. Texas attorney general rules fantasy sports sites FanDuel and DraftKings break state law by enabling illegal gambling; sites dispute decision, which echoes moves by New York and Illinois.

Mr. Oyelowo told a gala in Los Angeles that the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences “doesn’t reflect me, and it doesn’t reflect this nation.” Mr. Oyelowo told a gala in Los Angeles that the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences “doesn’t reflect me, and it doesn’t reflect this nation.” 

A reader writes that it is time for this approach to governing to be used in Washington. A reader writes that it is time for this approach to governing to be used in Washington. 

A reader writes that buying her own grave has changed her. A reader writes that buying her own grave has changed her. 

The New York Landmarks Conservancy writes that the key to achieving it is completing Moynihan Station, whether Madison Square Garden moves or not. The New York Landmarks Conservancy writes that the key to achieving it is completing Moynihan Station, whether Madison Square Garden moves or not. 

The Latino population is becoming more distant from the U.S. political process, according to a Pew report. The Latino population is becoming more distant from the U.S. political process, according to a Pew report. 

A reader returned from a visit recounts a “perplexing contrast” between the gentle Burmese people and hostile attitudes toward its Muslim minority. A reader returned from a visit recounts a “perplexing contrast” between the gentle Burmese people and hostile attitudes toward its Muslim minority. 

A social worker writes that “there are many safe, active treatments that work better for pain than placebos.” A social worker writes that “there are many safe, active treatments that work better for pain than placebos.” 

Coast Guard officials halted efforts to locate 12 Marines who went missing after trouble between helicopters last week. Coast Guard officials halted efforts to locate 12 Marines who went missing after trouble between helicopters last week. 

The Stars were to visit the Kings on Tuesday in a matchup of the best teams in the West, and the Blackhawks were to visit the Lightning on Thursday. The Stars were to visit the Kings on Tuesday in a matchup of the best teams in the West, and the Blackhawks were to visit the Lightning on Thursday. 

Sweet desserts in Turkey are both an important feature of daily life and an entrenched part of religious and secular rituals. (Article plus video.) Sweet desserts in Turkey are both an important feature of daily life and an entrenched part of religious and secular rituals. (Article plus video.) Melissa Clark A Good Appetite column shares recipes for Turkish flour helva, pistachio baklava and Turkish burned milk pudding.

Sweets in Turkey are both an important feature of daily life and an entrenched part of religious and secular rituals. Sweets in Turkey are both an important feature of daily life and an entrenched part of religious and secular rituals. 

Investments are expected to be diversified so why is that logic not applied to gender, asks Theresa Whitmarsh, one of the women leading an initiative for parity in finance at the elite gathering. Investments are expected to be diversified so why is that logic not applied to gender, asks Theresa Whitmarsh, one of the women leading an initiative for parity in finance at the elite gathering. Forum leaders at 2016 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, plan to confront issue of gender inequality head-on, led by Washington State Investment Board head Theresa Whitmarsh and United Nation's Women's HeForShe campaign head Elizabeth Nyamayaro.

The presidential candidate will not be at the World Economic Forum. But the force behind his unlikely campaign for the White House will be a focus. The presidential candidate will not be at the World Economic Forum. But the force behind his unlikely campaign for the White House will be a focus. 

The court refused in October to address the issue of what prosecutors need to prove to obtain convictions. The court refused in October to address the issue of what prosecutors need to prove to obtain convictions. Supreme Court agrees to hear case that revolves around dispute about how prosecutors prove insider trading charges; case involves Bassam Salman, who was accused of trading based on information provided by his future brother-in-law, who worked at Citigroup's health care investment banking group.

A new report suggests that we’re on the cusp of important, necessary changes in the way colleges evaluate applicants. A new report suggests that we’re on the cusp of important, necessary changes in the way colleges evaluate applicants. Frank Bruni Op-Ed column praises new report which advocates significant changes in college admissions process; argues de-emphasizing stockpiling of individual achievements in favor of meaningful social engagement could level playing field for disadvantaged students.

The Chinese dissident artist unveiled “Er Xi,” or “Child’s Play,” an exhibit that fills display windows and the atrium of the Bon Marché Rive Gauche. The Chinese dissident artist unveiled “Er Xi,” or “Child’s Play,” an exhibit that fills display windows and the atrium of the Bon Marché Rive Gauche. 

The former New York mayor and Marc L. Mukasey broke away from the Houston law firm Bracewell & Giuliani. The former New York mayor and Marc L. Mukasey broke away from the Houston law firm Bracewell & Giuliani. 

The producer and N.W.A. member says the film was heavily promoted to Academy voters, but he worried the subject of gangsta rap would be an issue. The producer and N.W.A. member says the film was heavily promoted to Academy voters, but he worried the subject of gangsta rap would be an issue. 

William & Mary, Army, Northwestern, St. Francis of Brooklyn and the Citadel are all original members of Division I that have never played in the tournament. That could change this year. William & Mary, Army, Northwestern, St. Francis of Brooklyn and the Citadel are all original members of Division I that have never played in the tournament. That could change this year. Analysis; William & Mary, Army, Northwestern, St Francis of Brooklyn and Citadel are only original members of Division I to have never reached NCAA men's basketball tournament; have varying prospects for making it in 2016.

Mr. Icahn urged the board to sell, spin off or separate operations to tailor A.I.G. as a pure play — or highly focused — property and casualty insurer. Mr. Icahn urged the board to sell, spin off or separate operations to tailor A.I.G. as a pure play — or highly focused — property and casualty insurer. 

The United States and European nations lifted oil and financial sanctions on Iran on Saturday. The United States and European nations lifted oil and financial sanctions on Iran on Saturday. 

Reza Gul was attacked by her husband in a village in northern Afghanistan, the police said, and is hoping to travel to Turkey for reconstructive surgery. Reza Gul was attacked by her husband in a village in northern Afghanistan, the police said, and is hoping to travel to Turkey for reconstructive surgery. Reza Gul is listed as critical but stable at hospital in Faryab, Afghanistan, after her nose is cut off by her husband Muhammad Khan; attack brings attention to endemic violence against women in Afghanistan.

Israelis are up in arms about the alleged censorship of a novel depicting a love affair between a Jew and an Arab. Israelis are up in arms about the alleged censorship of a novel depicting a love affair between a Jew and an Arab. 

This new show on FX, starring Zach Galifianakis as a clown, offers slapstick humor and emotional drama. This new show on FX, starring Zach Galifianakis as a clown, offers slapstick humor and emotional drama. James Poniewozik reviews FX comedy series Baskets starring Zach Galifianakis. 

Readers respond to articles about Mosul Dam, Ukraine and how to mentor educators. Readers respond to articles about Mosul Dam, Ukraine and how to mentor educators. 

Freetown’s board houses are as old as the city itself, but they are fast disappearing amid rapid urbanization and a growing preference for concrete. Freetown’s board houses are as old as the city itself, but they are fast disappearing amid rapid urbanization and a growing preference for concrete. Freetown Journal; iconic board houses in Freetown, Sierra Leone, which were brought over from Americas by settlers who arrived in several waves from 1792 onward, are fast disappearing amid rapid urbanization and growing preference for concrete.

The fire in house in Chillum , in Price George’s County, broke out in a home that appears to have had no smoke detectors, officials said. The fire in house in Chillum , in Price George’s County, broke out in a home that appears to have had no smoke detectors, officials said. 

Two years after the country’s highest court ruled against decriminalizing homosexuality, a national conversation about sexual minorities is well underway. Two years after the country’s highest court ruled against decriminalizing homosexuality, a national conversation about sexual minorities is well underway. 

Rose, the final position player from the team’s Big Red Machine days of the 1970s to join the Hall, is this year’s only inductee and will be honored in June. Rose, the final position player from the team’s Big Red Machine days of the 1970s to join the Hall, is this year’s only inductee and will be honored in June. Baseball Roundup; Pete Rose will enter Cincinnati Reds Hall of Fame weeks after Major League Baseball declined to reinstate him, preventing his induction into Baseball Hall of Fame; other baseball news noted.

Also, a mac-and-cheese muffin, a floating thermometer, an elegant moonshine, the flavors of Africa, and dragon bowls. Also, a mac-and-cheese muffin, a floating thermometer, an elegant moonshine, the flavors of Africa, and dragon bowls. Florence Fabricant Front Burner column recommends Manhattan Moonshine, whiskey made from New York State grains that has not been barrel aged; other food and cooking items noted.

Meteorologists predicted that the season’s first significant storm would head up the coast on Friday into Saturday. Meteorologists predicted that the season’s first significant storm would head up the coast on Friday into Saturday. 

Emilia Wickstead, Mother of Pearl, Osman, Prism and Sophia Webster appear on the shortlist. Emilia Wickstead, Mother of Pearl, Osman, Prism and Sophia Webster appear on the shortlist. 

Strong results from the investment bank Morgan Stanley lifted financial stocks, but energy and mining stocks continued to slump. Strong results from the investment bank Morgan Stanley lifted financial stocks, but energy and mining stocks continued to slump. United States stocks make small gains after turbulent afternoon as price of oil continues to fall and energy and mining stocks tumble.

Univision, the Spanish-language media company, is trying to expand its reach to as diverse an audience of millennials as possible. Univision, the Spanish-language media company, is trying to expand its reach to as diverse an audience of millennials as possible. Univision Communications announces acquisition of 40 percent stake in satirical digital media group The Onion, which is valued at under $200 million.

Microsoft has been enthusiastically recommending upgrading to its Windows 10 operating system. But what if you’d rather not? Microsoft has been enthusiastically recommending upgrading to its Windows 10 operating system. But what if you’d rather not? Q&A Tech Tips on Microsoft's invitation to upgrade Windows 7 and 8 users to Windows 10.

A coalition of 26 states has sued over the president’s efforts to provide work permits for millions of illegal immigrants, accusing him of abuse of power. A coalition of 26 states has sued over the president’s efforts to provide work permits for millions of illegal immigrants, accusing him of abuse of power. Supreme Court agrees to hear challenge to Pres Obama's overhaul of America's immigration laws, in case that will determine whether Obama's use of executive action in protecting immigrants constitutes overreach; justices, in unusual move, raise question of whether Obama violated constitutional obligations to enforce United States law; outcome could influence balance of power between president and Congress.

Despite the perennial talk about reform in New York State, it’s been years since ethics panels in either legislative chamber have considered a single bill on the subject. Despite the perennial talk about reform in New York State, it’s been years since ethics panels in either legislative chamber have considered a single bill on the subject. Ethics panels of New York State Assembly and Senate meet rarely and have seldom taken action in recent memory, despite repeated calls for ethics reform in Albany; advocates of reform point to paralysis of ethics panels as yet more evidence of willful ignorance among state politicians that allows culture of corruption to flourish.

Ms. Alaoui, a French-Moroccan whose photographs chronicled the themes of migration and cultural identity, was injured during the assault in the capital, Ouagadougou. Ms. Alaoui, a French-Moroccan whose photographs chronicled the themes of migration and cultural identity, was injured during the assault in the capital, Ouagadougou. Leila Alaoui, French-Moroccan photographer whose images captured and explored themes of migration, cultural identity and displacement across the globe, dies at age 33. 

As capital moves out of China, the Middle East and Latin America, many say that the notion of a world powered by emerging-market growth needs to be reconsidered. As capital moves out of China, the Middle East and Latin America, many say that the notion of a world powered by emerging-market growth needs to be reconsidered. Many experts say it is time to reconsider idea of world economy fueled by emerging-market growth and innovation, which has long been championed by financial elite who attend annual World Economic Forum in Davos, as many of these much-heralded countries begin to struggle with debt and other economic problems. 

A single-payer program is short on the complex details of how it would work in real life, except for how it would be funded. A single-payer program is short on the complex details of how it would work in real life, except for how it would be funded. The Upshot; Sen Bernie Sanders's new single-payer health reform plan describes how to finance it through special income tax, but leaves out important details on how single-payer program would work.

Eric Jackson of SpringOwl Asset Management outlined a plan — including replacing Viacom’s management and board — that he said could increase the stock price 135 percent. Eric Jackson of SpringOwl Asset Management outlined a plan — including replacing Viacom’s management and board — that he said could increase the stock price 135 percent. 

A report says that from January 2014, when ISIS started taking territory, to October 2015, nearly 19,000 people were killed and more than three million displaced. A report says that from January 2014, when ISIS started taking territory, to October 2015, nearly 19,000 people were killed and more than three million displaced. United Nations issues report saying that almost 19,000 people in Iraq have were killed and more than three million displaced from January 2014, when Islamic State first started taking territory, to October 2015.

Ms. Jenner will write the book, tentatively scheduled to be released in the spring of 2017, with the Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Buzz Bissinger. Ms. Jenner will write the book, tentatively scheduled to be released in the spring of 2017, with the Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Buzz Bissinger. Caitlyn Jenner will collaborate with journalist Buzz Bissinger on memoir to be published by Grand Central Publishing.

Mr. Cohen’s former firm, SAC Capital Advisors, closed its London office in 2013 amid an insider trading investigation by authorities in the United States. Mr. Cohen’s former firm, SAC Capital Advisors, closed its London office in 2013 amid an insider trading investigation by authorities in the United States. 

In a letter to Iran’s president, the supreme leader cautiously welcomed the completion of the nuclear deal and end to economic sanctions but said the United States breaks its promises. In a letter to Iran’s president, the supreme leader cautiously welcomed the completion of the nuclear deal and end to economic sanctions but said the United States breaks its promises. Iran's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei welcomes completion of nuclear deal and lifting of economic sanctions, but warns Iranian government to ensure United States honors its part of deal. 

The bank says it is planning to exit entire areas of the fixed-income business that are “not strategically significant.” The bank says it is planning to exit entire areas of the fixed-income business that are “not strategically significant.” Morgan Stanley reports earnings of $753 million in fourth quarter of 2015, up from loss of $1.75 billion in year-ago quarter; also announces new plan to cut expenses and increase profits. 

The Packers, with a recent record of playing it “safe” in the playoffs, fell short again after not trying for a two-point conversion. The Packers, with a recent record of playing it “safe” in the playoffs, fell short again after not trying for a two-point conversion. 

The new executive, Ken Ziman, was recruited from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, where he served as the deputy practice leader of corporate restructuring. The new executive, Ken Ziman, was recruited from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, where he served as the deputy practice leader of corporate restructuring. 

But the bank’s fourth-quarter results were muted somewhat by the impact of dropping oil prices. But the bank’s fourth-quarter results were muted somewhat by the impact of dropping oil prices. 

Venture capital investment in tech start-ups fell 29 percent in the last quarter, and a new report links this to economic uncertainty in the region. Venture capital investment in tech start-ups fell 29 percent in the last quarter, and a new report links this to economic uncertainty in the region. 

In 2009, Rafael Nadal blocked Fernando Verdasco from reaching the Australian Open final. In a hard-fought match on Tuesday, it was Verdasco who had the upper hand. In 2009, Rafael Nadal blocked Fernando Verdasco from reaching the Australian Open final. In a hard-fought match on Tuesday, it was Verdasco who had the upper hand. Spanish tennis player Fernando Verdasco beats Rafael Nadal in first round of Australian Open, avenging tough loss to his countryman in 2009.

Microsoft hopes the classroom version of the popular video game will help it achieve broader company objectives in education. Microsoft hopes the classroom version of the popular video game will help it achieve broader company objectives in education. Microsoft announces acquisition of MinecraftEdu, modified version of game Minecraft that is meant for use in schools; company hopes acquisition will help it compete against other companies like Google and Apple, which have made inroads into classrooms, and effort will be test of whether Minecraft can help Microsoft achieve broader company objectives.

The company said a code change was responsible for the problems, but declined to say how many users were affected. The company said a code change was responsible for the problems, but declined to say how many users were affected. Twitter blames code change for global disruption in its service and says it has reversed change and fixed issue.

Bei Ling, an exiled Chinese poet, discusses the five men’s fate and why Hong Kong is a center for provocative books about the Chinese political elite. Bei Ling, an exiled Chinese poet, discusses the five men’s fate and why Hong Kong is a center for provocative books about the Chinese political elite. 

A senior official of the Khyber tribal region said the attacker had detonated an explosive vest at a militia checkpoint just outside the northern city of Peshawar. A senior official of the Khyber tribal region said the attacker had detonated an explosive vest at a militia checkpoint just outside the northern city of Peshawar. Reported suicide bombing at militia checkpoint outside Peshawar, Pakistan, kills eight people and wounds at least 11 others.

In a new book, the Republican presidential hopeful describes marriage counseling with his wife in the early years and retreating to a walk-in closet to argue. In a new book, the Republican presidential hopeful describes marriage counseling with his wife in the early years and retreating to a walk-in closet to argue. Matt Katz book American Governor offers number of candid details about New Jersey Gov Chris Christie and his wife Mary Pat, including fact that they underwent marriage counseling during difficult times in their relationship.

The seemingly random killings last week in Burkina Faso, Indonesia, Iraq and Turkey highlighted the strategy of militants determined to sow fear in disparate corners of the world. The seemingly random killings last week in Burkina Faso, Indonesia, Iraq and Turkey highlighted the strategy of militants determined to sow fear in disparate corners of the world. Series of attacks by Islamic extremists that apparently targeted victims at random and killed scores of people in Iraq, Burkina Faso, Indonesia and Turkey have left loved ones in state of incomprehension; seemingly uncoordinated attacks appear to be part of international terror campaign with both Al Qaeda and Islamic State playing key roles.

Suárez may be the newbie in Barcelona’s attack, alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar, but he also brings a new dynamic to the team. Suárez may be the newbie in Barcelona’s attack, alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar, but he also brings a new dynamic to the team. 

A private company that conducts interviews of prospective students helps American colleges keep up with the growing number of applicants from China. A private company that conducts interviews of prospective students helps American colleges keep up with the growing number of applicants from China. Number of Chinese students competing to enter high schools and colleges in United States has soared in recent years, forcing American institutions to seek third-party interviews with prospective students; InitialView, which provides interview services, says that in 2013, more than 6,000 applications from China included InitialView interview and that by 2014, number exceeded 17,000.

After the sudden closure of a shoe factory, a migrant worker heads back to his home in the countryside. China has been hit hard by the slowing economy. After the sudden closure of a shoe factory, a migrant worker heads back to his home in the countryside. China has been hit hard by the slowing economy. 

A seasoned pepper mixture is strewn over stretched dough, along with fresh mozzarella, before the pie slides into a hot oven. A seasoned pepper mixture is strewn over stretched dough, along with fresh mozzarella, before the pie slides into a hot oven. David Tanis City Kitchen column offers recipes for pizza with sweet and hot peppers and pizza dough.

The dining landscape in the state has far more to offer than local chains and dishes worthy of state fairs. The dining landscape in the state has far more to offer than local chains and dishes worthy of state fairs. Iowa's culinary offerings, from fine dining to local favorites like pie milkshakes, provide welcome appeal during presidential caucus season; increasingly diverse restaurant offerings counter view of state as bastion of fried and meat-laden American fare.

The dining landscape in the state that begins the presidential nomination process. The dining landscape in the state that begins the presidential nomination process. 

Using a food mill instead of a blender results in a flavorful, colorful mixture you can almost chew on. Using a food mill instead of a blender results in a flavorful, colorful mixture you can almost chew on. Martha Rose Shulman Recipes for Health column features recipe for winter vegetable soup with turnips, carrots, potatoes and leeks.

The area south of San Francisco is the least-celebrated great American region for cabernet sauvignon. The area south of San Francisco is the least-celebrated great American region for cabernet sauvignon. Eric Asimov The Pour column submits Santa Cruz Mountains area of California produces some of America's best cabernet sauvignon wines, yet region, which produces only small amount of wine, goes largely unrecognized.

An appellation defined by elevation in the mountains of Santa Cruz. An appellation defined by elevation in the mountains of Santa Cruz. 

The kosher Uzbek restaurant, which opened last August, upholds Uzbek food traditions. The kosher Uzbek restaurant, which opened last August, upholds Uzbek food traditions. Ligaya Mishan reviews Taste of Samarkand restaurant in Middle Village, Queens.

Kosher Uzbek cooking in Queens. Kosher Uzbek cooking in Queens. 

The impulse when the stock market falls hard for a few days in a row is to do something but it probably doesn’t make much sense to overhaul an investment strategy based on a blip of market activity. The impulse when the stock market falls hard for a few days in a row is to do something but it probably doesn’t make much sense to overhaul an investment strategy based on a blip of market activity. 

Select looks from the designer’s three years at the helm of the label. Select looks from the designer’s three years at the helm of the label. 

케냐에서 1만 년 전 학살의 흔적들이 발견됐다. 이는 인류가 농사를 짓고 정착 생활을 하기 전에 전쟁을 치렀을 증거로 해석된다. 케냐에서 1만 년 전 학살의 흔적들이 발견됐다. 이는 인류가 농사를 짓고 정착 생활을 하기 전에 전쟁을 치렀을 증거로 해석된다. 

Gregory Crewdson’s photographs almost always project solitude and intimacy, even if his images take a team to organize. The subject of one of his images looks back at the experience. Gregory Crewdson’s photographs almost always project solitude and intimacy, even if his images take a team to organize. The subject of one of his images looks back at the experience. 

Victor Dragonetti’s street scenes are colorful, and complex, with an air of mystery that evokes different responses from viewers. Victor Dragonetti’s street scenes are colorful, and complex, with an air of mystery that evokes different responses from viewers. 

 Mrs. Clinton campaigned with confidence in Sanders country during a rally with the singer Demi Lovato at the University of Iowa. Mrs. Clinton campaigned with confidence in Sanders country during a rally with the singer Demi Lovato at the University of Iowa.

 Paula Gamache returns with a fun and elegant themeless puzzle. Paula Gamache returns with a fun and elegant themeless puzzle.

Su famosa boina roja puede verse en una vitrina. También está una taza de café que solía usar y un mapa de América del Sur con anotaciones. Su famosa boina roja puede verse en una vitrina. También está una taza de café que solía usar y un mapa de América del Sur con anotaciones. 

 David Brock, a longtime Clinton supporter who founded the “super PAC” backing her, said the ad, released in Iowa, focused too much on white Americans. David Brock, a longtime Clinton supporter who founded the “super PAC” backing her, said the ad, released in Iowa, focused too much on white Americans.

The New York Times film critics review “Naz & Maalik,” “Synchronicity” and “Prescription Thugs.” The New York Times film critics review “Naz & Maalik,” “Synchronicity” and “Prescription Thugs.” 

The Times critic Manohla Dargis reviews “Synchronicity.” The Times critic Manohla Dargis reviews “Synchronicity.” 

The Times critic Stephen Holden reviews “Naz & Maalik.” The Times critic Stephen Holden reviews “Naz & Maalik.” 

 In this Text to Text, we focus on pairing Sophocles’ work — called “the most powerful political play ever written” — with the work of a contemporary Spanish flamenco dance company. In this Text to Text, we focus on pairing Sophocles’ work — called “the most powerful political play ever written” — with the work of a contemporary Spanish flamenco dance company.

 At a campaign rally in Las Vegas, Donald J. Trump said of Ted Cruz, “He had his moment and he blew it.” At a campaign rally in Las Vegas, Donald J. Trump said of Ted Cruz, “He had his moment and he blew it.”

 His goal is not to inform. It’s to inflame. His goal is not to inform. It’s to inflame.

Tell us three things you look forward to when you’re planning to stay inside and watch the snow fall. Tell us three things you look forward to when you’re planning to stay inside and watch the snow fall. 

 Photos from France, Uganda, Afghanistan and Yemen. Photos from France, Uganda, Afghanistan and Yemen.

France and More — Pictures of the Day France and More — Pictures of the Day 

Laszlo Nemes narrates a sequence from “Son of Saul.” Laszlo Nemes narrates a sequence from “Son of Saul.” 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

A decade ago, the ex-spy’s murder captivated the country. Now it’s just background noise. A decade ago, the ex-spy’s murder captivated the country. Now it’s just background noise. 

Timeline of the critical moments leading to the public health emergency. Timeline of the critical moments leading to the public health emergency. 

At the Paris men’s shows, designers including Christophe Lemaire, Dries Van Noten, Gosha Rubchinskiy and Rick Owens have emphasized volume. At the Paris men’s shows, designers including Christophe Lemaire, Dries Van Noten, Gosha Rubchinskiy and Rick Owens have emphasized volume. 

On Sunday in Denver, Tom Brady and Peyton Manning will face off in the N.F.L. playoffs for the fifth and possibly final time. Here’s a look at their previous postseason meetings. On Sunday in Denver, Tom Brady and Peyton Manning will face off in the N.F.L. playoffs for the fifth and possibly final time. Here’s a look at their previous postseason meetings. 

The fall 2016 men’s collection from Dries Van Noten. The fall 2016 men’s collection from Dries Van Noten. 

Stories and photos from some of the several thousand enthusiasts set to attend the first BroadwayCon in New York. Stories and photos from some of the several thousand enthusiasts set to attend the first BroadwayCon in New York. 

 Senator Bernie Sanders and Donald J. Trump have opened up solid leads in Iowa less than two weeks before the state’s caucuses kick off the 2016 presidential nominating contests, according to a new poll. Senator Bernie Sanders and Donald J. Trump have opened up solid leads in Iowa less than two weeks before the state’s caucuses kick off the 2016 presidential nominating contests, according to a new poll.

 New regulations will require farmers and others to track how much water they take from the state’s rivers and streams. New regulations will require farmers and others to track how much water they take from the state’s rivers and streams.

The actors, starring in “The Free World” at this year’s festival, share thoughts on making the most of Park City — and some “Making a Murderer” theories. The actors, starring in “The Free World” at this year’s festival, share thoughts on making the most of Park City — and some “Making a Murderer” theories. 

 Despite negative reviews, David Mamet’s play has recouped its investment. Despite negative reviews, David Mamet’s play has recouped its investment.

Yohji Yamamoto’s fall 2016 show. Yohji Yamamoto’s fall 2016 show. 

 With Bernie Sanders’s domestic message of confronting income inequality giving him momentum here, Hillary Clinton sought to portray him as inexperienced on foreign policy and ill-equipped to address the firestorms erupting in the Middle East. With Bernie Sanders’s domestic message of confronting income inequality giving him momentum here, Hillary Clinton sought to portray him as inexperienced on foreign policy and ill-equipped to address the firestorms erupting in the Middle East.

Groundbreaking films selected from the Sundance Film Festival explore a range of topics and new approaches to nonfiction, 3D storytelling. Groundbreaking films selected from the Sundance Film Festival explore a range of topics and new approaches to nonfiction, 3D storytelling. 

Some of the restaurant reviews that have provided the most feedback. Some of the restaurant reviews that have provided the most feedback. 

 Marco Rubio declared Thursday that his Senate colleague Ted Cruz “is not who he says he is,” challenging his sincerity and calling him a flip-flopper. Marco Rubio declared Thursday that his Senate colleague Ted Cruz “is not who he says he is,” challenging his sincerity and calling him a flip-flopper.

Saul Leiter, who documented fashion and street life for seven decades, is the subject of a new retrospective in London. Saul Leiter, who documented fashion and street life for seven decades, is the subject of a new retrospective in London. 

The photographer is the subject of a new retrospective, which opens tomorrow in London. The photographer is the subject of a new retrospective, which opens tomorrow in London. 

For his last Frugal trip with his parents, Seth Kugel heads to the Azuero Peninsula in the south of Panama. For his last Frugal trip with his parents, Seth Kugel heads to the Azuero Peninsula in the south of Panama. 

 Too many parents misunderstand and misuse the concept of the “growth mind-set.” Too many parents misunderstand and misuse the concept of the “growth mind-set.”

 Jeb Bush’s sister said on a conference call that former President George W. Bush, who remains popular in places like South Carolina, could start campaigning for his brother there. Might he possibly appear before that in New Hampshire, too? Jeb Bush’s sister said on a conference call that former President George W. Bush, who remains popular in places like South Carolina, could start campaigning for his brother there. Might he possibly appear before that in New Hampshire, too?

 The new play, about a public relations crisis at a private equity firm, will begin performances at the Public Theater in March. The new play, about a public relations crisis at a private equity firm, will begin performances at the Public Theater in March.

The latest men’s designs from Louis Vuitton. The latest men’s designs from Louis Vuitton. 

In San Lorenzo, new spots with style and international flair are now attracting legions of foreigners and Florentines alike. In San Lorenzo, new spots with style and international flair are now attracting legions of foreigners and Florentines alike. 

 Senator Lindsey Graham unleashed some of the sharpest Republican criticism yet of the party’s top presidential contenders, Donald J. Trump and Senator Ted Cruz, saying either would mean “death” for the party’s chances in November. Senator Lindsey Graham unleashed some of the sharpest Republican criticism yet of the party’s top presidential contenders, Donald J. Trump and Senator Ted Cruz, saying either would mean “death” for the party’s chances in November.

The photographer Hsin Wang was inspired to create her symbolism-heavy “De-Selfing” series after a bad breakup. The photographer Hsin Wang was inspired to create her symbolism-heavy “De-Selfing” series after a bad breakup. 

The photographer uses faceless subjects and vivid symbolic props to capture the melancholy of heartbreak. The photographer uses faceless subjects and vivid symbolic props to capture the melancholy of heartbreak. 

 Showing the jumbled state of the race for right-of-center Republican primary voters in New Hampshire, Senator Marco Rubio was more than happy to assail the conservative heterodoxy of his onetime mentor, former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida. Showing the jumbled state of the race for right-of-center Republican primary voters in New Hampshire, Senator Marco Rubio was more than happy to assail the conservative heterodoxy of his onetime mentor, former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida.

 The former president, Hawk Koch, called for the formation of diversity committees by all of the various Hollywood craft and business groups to “extend opportunities to those without it.” The former president, Hawk Koch, called for the formation of diversity committees by all of the various Hollywood craft and business groups to “extend opportunities to those without it.”

In two charming new picture books, the abominable snowman has been entirely defanged. In two charming new picture books, the abominable snowman has been entirely defanged. 

 The higher the floor you live on, the lower your chance of surviving a cardiac arrest, according to a new study. The higher the floor you live on, the lower your chance of surviving a cardiac arrest, according to a new study.

 Sarah Palin maintains a community of millions of Facebook fans, and while some cheered her endorsement of Donald J. Trump this week, others called her a sellout of conservatism who was only seeking another moment in the political spotlight. Sarah Palin maintains a community of millions of Facebook fans, and while some cheered her endorsement of Donald J. Trump this week, others called her a sellout of conservatism who was only seeking another moment in the political spotlight.

A selection of wedding day looks from brides recently featured in our announcements. A selection of wedding day looks from brides recently featured in our announcements. 

A summary of the report by Robert Owen, a retired High Court judge in Britain, on the killing of Alexander V. Litvinenko. A summary of the report by Robert Owen, a retired High Court judge in Britain, on the killing of Alexander V. Litvinenko. 

 “Ammon Bundy and his bullyboys aren’t trying to free federal lands,” the novelist and longtime Oregon resident wrote, “but to hold them hostage.” “Ammon Bundy and his bullyboys aren’t trying to free federal lands,” the novelist and longtime Oregon resident wrote, “but to hold them hostage.”

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: The State Department lifts a “moral embargo” against the Soviet Union in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: The State Department lifts a “moral embargo” against the Soviet Union in 1941.

For his first men’s show since exiting Dior, the designer was inspired by “Twin Peaks” and “The Breakfast Club.” For his first men’s show since exiting Dior, the designer was inspired by “Twin Peaks” and “The Breakfast Club.” 

A look at some men and women whose confessions of crimes were aired on Chinese state television in recent years. A look at some men and women whose confessions of crimes were aired on Chinese state television in recent years. 

 Ted Cruz, who is fending off attacks from Donald J. Trump on his policies and personality, has been digging around in Mr. Trump’s Twitter archives and pointing to inconsistencies in the billionaire developer’s stances on immigration. Ted Cruz, who is fending off attacks from Donald J. Trump on his policies and personality, has been digging around in Mr. Trump’s Twitter archives and pointing to inconsistencies in the billionaire developer’s stances on immigration.

 Michael Nicolas will replace Eric Jacobsen, a co-founder of the group who is leaving to concentrate on conducting. Michael Nicolas will replace Eric Jacobsen, a co-founder of the group who is leaving to concentrate on conducting.

Slick streets caused problems for drivers and pedestrians in Washington on Wednesday as snowfall paralyzed traffic in the evening. Slick streets caused problems for drivers and pedestrians in Washington on Wednesday as snowfall paralyzed traffic in the evening. 

 The festival, which will feature 49 performances at seven different venues at Lincoln Center and beyond, will run from July 13 through 31. The festival, which will feature 49 performances at seven different venues at Lincoln Center and beyond, will run from July 13 through 31.

Kolor presents looks for fall 2016. Kolor presents looks for fall 2016. 

 When was the previous hottest year on record? What are the odds of having two back-to-back record years? When was the previous hottest year on record? What are the odds of having two back-to-back record years?

 It has been a rough year so far for the stocks of even the most successful tech companies. For the less successful ones, it has been brutal. It has been a rough year so far for the stocks of even the most successful tech companies. For the less successful ones, it has been brutal.

 Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, who is placing only as high as third in most state and national polls, has been the target of more attack ads than any other presidential candidate. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, who is placing only as high as third in most state and national polls, has been the target of more attack ads than any other presidential candidate.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: The body of King Kalakaua of Hawaii is embalmed in San Francisco in 1891. From the International Herald Tribune archives: The body of King Kalakaua of Hawaii is embalmed in San Francisco in 1891.

Fall 2016 looks from Rick Owens. Fall 2016 looks from Rick Owens. 

A look at select films screening at the Sundance Film Festival. A look at select films screening at the Sundance Film Festival. 

At the Explorers Club, honoring a centenarian who played an important role in arresting a Nazi spy in World War II. At the Explorers Club, honoring a centenarian who played an important role in arresting a Nazi spy in World War II. 

 With the success of the fictional podcast “Welcome to Night Vale,” the series’ creators are looking to the future. With the success of the fictional podcast “Welcome to Night Vale,” the series’ creators are looking to the future.

 “Cats,” which won seven Tony awards, is returning to Broadway this summer. “Cats,” which won seven Tony awards, is returning to Broadway this summer.

 Senator Bob Dole of Kansas, the Republican presidential nominee in 1996, at a campaign rally in Amana, Iowa, in September of that year. Senator Bob Dole of Kansas, the Republican presidential nominee in 1996, at a campaign rally in Amana, Iowa, in September of that year.

 An editor explains the reason behind publishing a 2002 photo with a news story about a recent Jakarta bombing. An editor explains the reason behind publishing a 2002 photo with a news story about a recent Jakarta bombing.

 Groups devoted to gun control sent a letter to Democracy for America, which has endorsed Bernie Sanders for president, citing, in part, two crucial votes in Congress on gun safety, and saying “Senator Sanders was wrong on both of them.” Groups devoted to gun control sent a letter to Democracy for America, which has endorsed Bernie Sanders for president, citing, in part, two crucial votes in Congress on gun safety, and saying “Senator Sanders was wrong on both of them.”

 As the Republican presidential contest looks increasingly like a two-man race between Donald J. Trump and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, members of the Republican establishment are left contemplating which candidate it finds more palatable at the top of the ticket. As the Republican presidential contest looks increasingly like a two-man race between Donald J. Trump and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, members of the Republican establishment are left contemplating which candidate it finds more palatable at the top of the ticket.

 Over 1,100 mothers shared their stories of babies born bigger or smaller than predicted. Over 1,100 mothers shared their stories of babies born bigger or smaller than predicted.

 While most Republican presidential candidates are intent on bashing Congress and its members, Gov. John R. Kasich of Ohio, who served 18 years in the House, has played up his relationships forged on Capitol Hill, sometimes reaching far back. While most Republican presidential candidates are intent on bashing Congress and its members, Gov. John R. Kasich of Ohio, who served 18 years in the House, has played up his relationships forged on Capitol Hill, sometimes reaching far back.

 As Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont appears to gain momentum in his race for the Democratic presidential nomination, the breadth and depth of his support remain uncertain. As Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont appears to gain momentum in his race for the Democratic presidential nomination, the breadth and depth of his support remain uncertain.

 Damon Albarn, the artist Yinka Shonibare and the composer David Lang are among those commissioned to create work for an eight-month-long arts program commemorating the 100th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme. Damon Albarn, the artist Yinka Shonibare and the composer David Lang are among those commissioned to create work for an eight-month-long arts program commemorating the 100th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme.

Thursday: Symbols of the Empire State, sunnier weather, and an early smoking law. Thursday: Symbols of the Empire State, sunnier weather, and an early smoking law. 

 The Cost of Deutsche Bank’s Legal Issues | Goldman Sachs’s Profit and Revenue Fall The Cost of Deutsche Bank’s Legal Issues | Goldman Sachs’s Profit and Revenue Fall

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 A new review of studies suggests that those forsaken static stretches of old may not be so bad after all. A new review of studies suggests that those forsaken static stretches of old may not be so bad after all.

 Women receiving acupuncture showed some easing of menopausal symptoms, but the effects were no better than that of a sham treatment. Women receiving acupuncture showed some easing of menopausal symptoms, but the effects were no better than that of a sham treatment.

Findings by Robert Owen, a retired High Court judge in Britain, present the most damning official link between the death of Alexander V. Litvinenko in 2006 and the highest levels of the Kremlin. Findings by Robert Owen, a retired High Court judge in Britain, present the most damning official link between the death of Alexander V. Litvinenko in 2006 and the highest levels of the Kremlin. 

 How would you describe the importance of hip-hop in your life in general? How has hip-hop helped you to understand the world and yourself? How would you describe the importance of hip-hop in your life in general? How has hip-hop helped you to understand the world and yourself?

Listen to the actors Lauren Molina and Jason Alexander read classic Modern Love essays in our new series. Listen to the actors Lauren Molina and Jason Alexander read classic Modern Love essays in our new series. 

Republicans talk about their commitment to the poor. So why haven’t we heard the party’s candidates talk about the crisis in Flint, Mich.? Republicans talk about their commitment to the poor. So why haven’t we heard the party’s candidates talk about the crisis in Flint, Mich.? Op-Ed article by speechwriter Matt Latimer criticizes Republicans for neglecting recent toxic water crisis in his hometown of Flint, Mich; argues conservatives squandered chance to use wrenching decline of city, once headquarters of General Motors, to prove their commitment to African-Americans and finding solutions to urban poverty.

We need to leverage populist frustration into constructive postelection policy. It’s been done before. We need to leverage populist frustration into constructive postelection policy. It’s been done before. Nicholas Kristof Op-Ed column argues American public's outrage at widespread injustice is reasonable and understandable, but needs to be channeled into productive political solutions.  

The justices properly ruled that companies can’t avoid class actions by buying off individual plaintiffs. The justices properly ruled that companies can’t avoid class actions by buying off individual plaintiffs. Editorial lauds Supreme Court decision which prohibits companies from paying off individual plaintiffs in effort to avoid class-action lawsuits; notes court's abrupt shift from prior rulings favoring corporations by restricting citizen's legal options.

In recent years, the Supreme Court has waved the First Amendment banner ever higher to undermine long-accepted governmental regulatory authority. In recent years, the Supreme Court has waved the First Amendment banner ever higher to undermine long-accepted governmental regulatory authority. 

It is hard to imagine such a thing happening in a city that didn’t have this particular demographic profile — mostly black and disproportionately poor. It is hard to imagine such a thing happening in a city that didn’t have this particular demographic profile — mostly black and disproportionately poor. 

Gov. Matt Bevin’s pointless show of defiance could harm thousands of people. Gov. Matt Bevin’s pointless show of defiance could harm thousands of people. Editorial repudiates Kentucky Gov Matt Blevin's decision to discontinue state's health care exchange, noting effort to spite federal government by relying on it to run exchange is bizarrely contradictory; asserts transfer to federal program will be complicated and could leave many uninsured; calls on state to repay $290 million in federal grants it received to build system.

Sarah surfaces and Ted gets trounced for the wrong reason. Sarah surfaces and Ted gets trounced for the wrong reason. Gail Collins Op-Ed column considers recent developments in campaigns of Republican presidential candidates Ted Cruz and Donald Trump; notes reemergence of Sarah Palin on political stage and Cruz's stance against ethanol subsidy, which is unpopular in Iowa.

 Despite the accord that reduced its ability to build nuclear weapons, is it still a threat to safety and stability of the region? Despite the accord that reduced its ability to build nuclear weapons, is it still a threat to safety and stability of the region?

 Ferhat Bouda has made it his mission to document his people, the Berbers, whose culture and language have been suppressed over the centuries. Ferhat Bouda has made it his mission to document his people, the Berbers, whose culture and language have been suppressed over the centuries.

The party, seemingly helpless to stop Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, is not taking advantage of the strengths that usually allow it to be a power broker. The party, seemingly helpless to stop Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, is not taking advantage of the strengths that usually allow it to be a power broker. The Upshot; Republican establishment-backed presidential candidates are failing to take advantage of cage match between Sen Ted Cruz and Donald Trump, which has potential to open up space for single mainstream candidate; part of reason for this failure is that outsider candidates like Cruz and Trump are outperforming establishment candidates in almost every way, from fund-raising to media coverage.

취업이 쉽지 않고, 실리콘 밸리에서 계속해서 들려오는 스타트업 성공 사례에 고무된 학부생들은 대학 교육을 통해 아이디어를 성공적인 비즈니스로 키우는 법을 배우고자 한다. 취업이 쉽지 않고, 실리콘 밸리에서 계속해서 들려오는 스타트업 성공 사례에 고무된 학부생들은 대학 교육을 통해 아이디어를 성공적인 비즈니스로 키우는 법을 배우고자 한다. 

Corrections appearing in print on Thursday, January 21, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Thursday, January 21, 2016. 

A look at the latest results for Iowa and New Hampshire, and how this year compares to previous election seasons. A look at the latest results for Iowa and New Hampshire, and how this year compares to previous election seasons. 

Undercover lovers in “London Spy,” Glenn Frey soars in “History of the Eagles” and Zach Galifianakis clowns around in “Baskets.” Undercover lovers in “London Spy,” Glenn Frey soars in “History of the Eagles” and Zach Galifianakis clowns around in “Baskets.” 

Closer Aroldis Chapman is “innocent until proven otherwise,” Hal Steinbrenner, the Yankees’ principal owner, said at the owners’ meeting in Coral Gables, Fla. Closer Aroldis Chapman is “innocent until proven otherwise,” Hal Steinbrenner, the Yankees’ principal owner, said at the owners’ meeting in Coral Gables, Fla. New York Yankees owner Hal Steinbrenner expresses support for pitcher Aroldis Chapman, who is involved in domestic violence investigation in Florida; other MLB news noted.

The World Anti-Doping Agency wants three outside experts to oversee the cleanup of Russia’s antidoping system. The World Anti-Doping Agency wants three outside experts to oversee the cleanup of Russia’s antidoping system. World Anti-Doping Agency will appoint two international experts to oversee cleanup of Russia’s antidoping system and wants third expert to sit on board of country's antidoping agency.

Texas Tech quarterback Patrick Mahomes said he had decided to focus on football and academics and would not rejoin the university’s baseball team this season. Texas Tech quarterback Patrick Mahomes said he had decided to focus on football and academics and would not rejoin the university’s baseball team this season. 

Brian Elliott stopped 29 shots, Dmitri Jaskin scored a key third-period goal, and the St. Louis Blues beat the Red Wings, 2-1, in Detroit. Brian Elliott stopped 29 shots, Dmitri Jaskin scored a key third-period goal, and the St. Louis Blues beat the Red Wings, 2-1, in Detroit. St Louis Blues defeat Detroit Red Wings, 2-1; other NHL news noted.

Quotation of the Day for Thursday, January 21, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Thursday, January 21, 2016. 

 This word has appeared in 51 New York Times articles in the past year. This word has appeared in 51 New York Times articles in the past year.

The number of Americans age 100 and older — those born during Woodrow Wilson’s administration and earlier — is up by 44 percent since 2000, federal health officials reported Thursday. The number of Americans age 100 and older — those born during Woodrow Wilson’s administration and earlier — is up by 44 percent since 2000, federal health officials reported Thursday. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report that number of Americans age 100 and older has risen 44 percent since 2000, from 50,281 to 72,197 in 2014; medical advances are credited for rise.

COLBY--Dr. Marvelle S. The entire Marymount Manhattan College community mourns the loss of one of our most dedicated faculty members, Professor Emerita, Dr. Marvelle S. Colby. A leader in the business and entrepreneurial fields, Dr. Colby served Marymount Manhattan College for 21 years as a member of the Business Management and Accounting Division, during which time she also served as the Division Chair. In 2007, a number of Dr. Marvelle S. Colby's former students, colleagues, faculty, and staff joined together to create the Dr. Marvelle S. Colby Endowed Scholarship Fund to ensure that her legacy will live on at the College for years to come. Dr. Colby was a valued member of the Marymount Manhattan College community and we mourn this loss and share our condolences with her family. Funeral services will be held at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 180 West 76th Street, New York, NY, Friday, January 22nd at 11:15am. The services will be followed by burial at Woodlawn Cemetery. Kerry Walk, Ph.D., President, Marymount Manhattan College; Hope Knight, Chairperson of the Board of Trustees, Marymount Manhattan College 1/3 COLBY--Dr. Marvelle S. The entire Marymount Manhattan College community mourns the loss of one of our most dedicated faculty members, Professor Emerita, Dr. Marvelle S. Colby. A leader in the business and entrepreneurial fields, Dr. Colby served Marymount Manhattan College for 21 years as a member of the Business Management and Accounting Division, during which time she also served as the Division Chair. In 2007, a number of Dr. Marvelle S. Colby's former students, colleagues, faculty, and staff joined together to create the Dr. Marvelle S. Colby Endowed Scholarship Fund to ensure that her legacy will live on at the College for years to come. Dr. Colby was a valued member of the Marymount Manhattan College community and we mourn this loss and share our condolences with her family. Funeral services will be held at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 180 West 76th Street, New York, NY, Friday, January 22nd at 11:15am. The services will be followed by burial at Woodlawn Cemetery. Kerry Walk, Ph.D., President, Marymount Manhattan College; Hope Knight, Chairperson of the Board of Trustees, Marymount Manhattan College 1/3 

KAHN--Walter. SAR mourns with deep sorrow the passing of the beloved father of Nathan (Sandy) Kahn, generous benefactors and leaders of our school community. Vivian (Gerald) Adler and Simon (Robin) Kahn, and grandfather of SAR Alumni Peter (Tova), Allison and Michael Kahn and Joseph Adler. May the family be comforted amongst the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. Jack C. Bendheim, President 1/3 KAHN--Walter. SAR mourns with deep sorrow the passing of the beloved father of Nathan (Sandy) Kahn, generous benefactors and leaders of our school community. Vivian (Gerald) Adler and Simon (Robin) Kahn, and grandfather of SAR Alumni Peter (Tova), Allison and Michael Kahn and Joseph Adler. May the family be comforted amongst the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. Jack C. Bendheim, President 1/3 

DEHANEY--Lauretta Virginia Smallwood, retired nurse, died peacefully at the age of 100 on January 11, 2016 in Bronx, NY. Beloved wife of the late Hilton DeHaney, she leaves to mourn a host of relatives and devoted friends. On Saturday, January 23rd, the family will receive friends at Christ Church (Episcopal) Riverdale prior to the service at 11am. An additional Memorial Service will be held on February 6, 2016 at St. Columba's Episcopal Church (Washington, DC) followed by the interment. 1/3 DEHANEY--Lauretta Virginia Smallwood, retired nurse, died peacefully at the age of 100 on January 11, 2016 in Bronx, NY. Beloved wife of the late Hilton DeHaney, she leaves to mourn a host of relatives and devoted friends. On Saturday, January 23rd, the family will receive friends at Christ Church (Episcopal) Riverdale prior to the service at 11am. An additional Memorial Service will be held on February 6, 2016 at St. Columba's Episcopal Church (Washington, DC) followed by the interment. 1/3 

ISSELBACHER--Marga Schiff, (June 6, 1927-January 17, 2016). Loving mother of Tina and Jesse Isselbacher and grandmother of Kassidy Isselbacher Marino, Haley Singleton and Samantha Isselbacher. Devoted widow of Henry Isselbacher and sister to Robert (Bob) Schiff. Born in Oberthulba, she immigrated to the United States from Badkissingen at the age of nine, when she was sent by her parents alone to escape Nazi Germany. Her life was filled with the joys of marriage, parenthood and friendship and she gave of herself without reservation and with deep affection. She will be sorely missed by her immediate family and her sisters-in-law and nieces and nephews as well as the numerous friends for whom she cared so much during her full life. 1/3 ISSELBACHER--Marga Schiff, (June 6, 1927-January 17, 2016). Loving mother of Tina and Jesse Isselbacher and grandmother of Kassidy Isselbacher Marino, Haley Singleton and Samantha Isselbacher. Devoted widow of Henry Isselbacher and sister to Robert (Bob) Schiff. Born in Oberthulba, she immigrated to the United States from Badkissingen at the age of nine, when she was sent by her parents alone to escape Nazi Germany. Her life was filled with the joys of marriage, parenthood and friendship and she gave of herself without reservation and with deep affection. She will be sorely missed by her immediate family and her sisters-in-law and nieces and nephews as well as the numerous friends for whom she cared so much during her full life. 1/3 

LUSTIG--Loraly J.,on January 18, 2016. Loving daughter of the late Harold and Rose Lustig. Sister of Merrily Lustig Tornatore, sister-in-law of Remy Tornatore. Funeral services will be held Friday, 9:30am at Frank E. Campbell -The Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st St. 1/3 LUSTIG--Loraly J.,on January 18, 2016. Loving daughter of the late Harold and Rose Lustig. Sister of Merrily Lustig Tornatore, sister-in-law of Remy Tornatore. Funeral services will be held Friday, 9:30am at Frank E. Campbell -The Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st St. 1/3 

KAHN--Walter. Born August 27, 1917 in Cologne, Germany, passed away January 18th at home in Forest Hills, surrounded by family. Loving father to Sandy and Nathan, Robin and Simon, Vivian and Gerry; grandfather and great-grandfather, husband of 63 years to his dedicated and beloved wife Grace. Funeral services were held on Tuesday, January 19th at the Queens Jewish Center, of which the Kahn family were founders and leaders, followed by burial in Israel. May the memory of the righteous be a blessing. 1/3 KAHN--Walter. Born August 27, 1917 in Cologne, Germany, passed away January 18th at home in Forest Hills, surrounded by family. Loving father to Sandy and Nathan, Robin and Simon, Vivian and Gerry; grandfather and great-grandfather, husband of 63 years to his dedicated and beloved wife Grace. Funeral services were held on Tuesday, January 19th at the Queens Jewish Center, of which the Kahn family were founders and leaders, followed by burial in Israel. May the memory of the righteous be a blessing. 1/3 

HOFF--Julia. The most wonderful mother a daughter could have. Love, Enid 1/3 HOFF--Julia. The most wonderful mother a daughter could have. Love, Enid 1/3 

MEYERS--Donald I. Dr. Donald I. Meyers, a leader of the post-war generation of American psychoanalysts, renowned teacher and therapist, and beloved husband, father and grandfather, died on January 13, 2016. An exceptional researcher, teacher and doctor, Don, in loving partnership with his wife of 49 years, Helen, was an influential presence in the psychoanalytic world and a mentor to generations of psychiatrists and psychoanalysts. He was an accomplished therapist, specializing in child analysis, with one of the best reputations in NYC and around the world. As a Clinical Professor of Psychiatry and Training & Supervising Psychoanalyst, he was a pillar of the Columbia Center for Psychoanalytic Training and Research, Don had a significant impact on American psychoanalysis through his leadership at the American Psychoanalytic Association, where he opened the Association to a broader and more inclusive spectrum of ideas and practitioners. His academic work was in child psychiatry and child analysis. He was Director of Experimental Psychiatry at the Henry Ittleson Center for Child Research. Don was a loving husband, father, uncle and grandfather, and a beloved, loyal friend. He was devoted to his wife, Helen, who passed in 2010. He was universally loved for his sweet demeanor, generous spirit, silent strength, mischievous humor, encyclopedic musical knowledge, and uncommon empathy. All who knew him found understanding and comfort in his embrace. As a good friend has said, Don was all love. He is survived by his son Andrew, partner Fronda, sister Pat, granddaughters Rennie and Maddie, and nieces and nephews Erica, Lizzie, Jonathan, Peter, Ann, Skip, Janice, Sandy, Ken, Benjy, Susie and Judy. Services will be held at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home at 11:30am on Monday, January 25th. Donations may be sent to the APA Helen Meyers Traveling Scholar Committee, 309 East 49th St, NY, NY 10017. 1/3 MEYERS--Donald I. Dr. Donald I. Meyers, a leader of the post-war generation of American psychoanalysts, renowned teacher and therapist, and beloved husband, father and grandfather, died on January 13, 2016. An exceptional researcher, teacher and doctor, Don, in loving partnership with his wife of 49 years, Helen, was an influential presence in the psychoanalytic world and a mentor to generations of psychiatrists and psychoanalysts. He was an accomplished therapist, specializing in child analysis, with one of the best reputations in NYC and around the world. As a Clinical Professor of Psychiatry and Training & Supervising Psychoanalyst, he was a pillar of the Columbia Center for Psychoanalytic Training and Research, Don had a significant impact on American psychoanalysis through his leadership at the American Psychoanalytic Association, where he opened the Association to a broader and more inclusive spectrum of ideas and practitioners. His academic work was in child psychiatry and child analysis. He was Director of Experimental Psychiatry at the Henry Ittleson Center for Child Research. Don was a loving husband, father, uncle and grandfather, and a beloved, loyal friend. He was devoted to his wife, Helen, who passed in 2010. He was universally loved for his sweet demeanor, generous spirit, silent strength, mischievous humor, encyclopedic musical knowledge, and uncommon empathy. All who knew him found understanding and comfort in his embrace. As a good friend has said, Don was all love. He is survived by his son Andrew, partner Fronda, sister Pat, granddaughters Rennie and Maddie, and nieces and nephews Erica, Lizzie, Jonathan, Peter, Ann, Skip, Janice, Sandy, Ken, Benjy, Susie and Judy. Services will be held at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home at 11:30am on Monday, January 25th. Donations may be sent to the APA Helen Meyers Traveling Scholar Committee, 309 East 49th St, NY, NY 10017. 1/3 

ANDERSON--Jeanne. The community of West End Synagogue, A Reconstructionist Congregation, has lost a courageous role model. Determined, she remained active and relevant, totally committed to social and racial justice. Fittingly, she took her last breath on Martin Luther King, Jr. Day. Our sympathies to all her children. 1/3 ANDERSON--Jeanne. The community of West End Synagogue, A Reconstructionist Congregation, has lost a courageous role model. Determined, she remained active and relevant, totally committed to social and racial justice. Fittingly, she took her last breath on Martin Luther King, Jr. Day. Our sympathies to all her children. 1/3 

LEWIN--Estelle Weinberg. Born April 19, 1920, died January 19, 2016, three months short of her 96th birthday. Daughter of Benjamin and Mary Weinberg, Estelle was part of a loving family. She was predeceased by both her parents and her only brother, Michael Wayne. In 1941, she met the love of her life, Harry Lewin. They married on March 21, 1942 and lived together in wedded bliss. They were married for more than 64 years when Harry died in June 2006. Together they had two daughters, Linda Taub and Blylee Gardiner Bernstein. Linda's husband David passed away in November 2012. Estelle is survived by her daughters Linda and Blylee and Blylee's husband David Bernstein; three grandsons and their wives, Andrew and Suzanne Taub, Marc and Sandy Taub and Joshua and Lisa Taub. She had six great-grandchildren, Jake, Trevor, Chloe, Camille, Asher and Matthew. Funeral services will be held on Friday, January 22, 2016 at 12:00 noon. They will be conducted at Gutterman's Memorial Chapel, Jericho Turnpike in Woodbury, NY. 1/3 LEWIN--Estelle Weinberg. Born April 19, 1920, died January 19, 2016, three months short of her 96th birthday. Daughter of Benjamin and Mary Weinberg, Estelle was part of a loving family. She was predeceased by both her parents and her only brother, Michael Wayne. In 1941, she met the love of her life, Harry Lewin. They married on March 21, 1942 and lived together in wedded bliss. They were married for more than 64 years when Harry died in June 2006. Together they had two daughters, Linda Taub and Blylee Gardiner Bernstein. Linda's husband David passed away in November 2012. Estelle is survived by her daughters Linda and Blylee and Blylee's husband David Bernstein; three grandsons and their wives, Andrew and Suzanne Taub, Marc and Sandy Taub and Joshua and Lisa Taub. She had six great-grandchildren, Jake, Trevor, Chloe, Camille, Asher and Matthew. Funeral services will be held on Friday, January 22, 2016 at 12:00 noon. They will be conducted at Gutterman's Memorial Chapel, Jericho Turnpike in Woodbury, NY. 1/3 

KADISON--Rhoda, 95, daughter of Hyman and Sylvia Gechter, residing in Laguna Woods, formerly of Whitestone, NY. She was the beloved wife of Herbert for 70 years, adored mother of Eric and Jeffrey, loving grandmother and great-grandmother. Services will be in California. 1/3 KADISON--Rhoda, 95, daughter of Hyman and Sylvia Gechter, residing in Laguna Woods, formerly of Whitestone, NY. She was the beloved wife of Herbert for 70 years, adored mother of Eric and Jeffrey, loving grandmother and great-grandmother. Services will be in California. 1/3 

CARAJOHN--Christopher Z.,passed away Monday evening. A loving husband, father, brother, uncle, and friend, Christopher is survived by his wife Lauren, his children Michael, Nicholas, and Alexander, and his sister Mary. The funeral service will be held on Friday at St. Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Church in Brooklyn at 11am. The family will be greeting friends and relatives following the funeral services, from 4pm-9pm at 136 East 64th Street. 1/3 CARAJOHN--Christopher Z.,passed away Monday evening. A loving husband, father, brother, uncle, and friend, Christopher is survived by his wife Lauren, his children Michael, Nicholas, and Alexander, and his sister Mary. The funeral service will be held on Friday at St. Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Church in Brooklyn at 11am. The family will be greeting friends and relatives following the funeral services, from 4pm-9pm at 136 East 64th Street. 1/3 

GREENBERG--Dr. Herb, of Princeton, NJ, passed away after a courageous fight against cancer on Tuesday, January 19, 2016, at home surrounded by his loving family. Herb was the founder and CEO of Caliper Corporation. A lifelong Democrat and supporter of progressive causes, Herb fought for equal rights for minorities, women, and returning veterans, as well as abused animals. Herb lost his eyesight at the age of 10. He held multiple degrees from CCNY and a Ph.D. from NYU. Son of the late Harry and Helen Greenberg, Herb is survived by his two sisters, five children; Gary, Mark, Holly, Alex, and Sally; and one grandchild, Sarah. Donations can be made to Learning Ally, Helen Keller International, or SAVE, A Friend to Homeless Animals. 1/3 GREENBERG--Dr. Herb, of Princeton, NJ, passed away after a courageous fight against cancer on Tuesday, January 19, 2016, at home surrounded by his loving family. Herb was the founder and CEO of Caliper Corporation. A lifelong Democrat and supporter of progressive causes, Herb fought for equal rights for minorities, women, and returning veterans, as well as abused animals. Herb lost his eyesight at the age of 10. He held multiple degrees from CCNY and a Ph.D. from NYU. Son of the late Harry and Helen Greenberg, Herb is survived by his two sisters, five children; Gary, Mark, Holly, Alex, and Sally; and one grandchild, Sarah. Donations can be made to Learning Ally, Helen Keller International, or SAVE, A Friend to Homeless Animals. 1/3 

GARCIA--Joan, on January 14, 2016. Reposing at Schuyler Hill Funeral Home, 3535 E. Tremont Avenue, Bronx, NY 10465 on Thursday, 2-5pm and 7-9pm. Religious service on Thursday at 7:30pm. 1/3 GARCIA--Joan, on January 14, 2016. Reposing at Schuyler Hill Funeral Home, 3535 E. Tremont Avenue, Bronx, NY 10465 on Thursday, 2-5pm and 7-9pm. Religious service on Thursday at 7:30pm. 1/3 

WEINBERG--Leonard, of New York, NY passed away on January 18, 2016 at the age of 80. Beloved husband of Samari (nee Cabigas) for 35 years; devoted father to Sebastian (Rosa), Fabiana, Kenneth (Ellen) and Melissa (William); proud grandfather of seven. Former President of Grenoble Mills, Inc., later found his calling as a teacher at Edward A. Reynolds West Side High School before co- founding Hands On! A Musical Experience, Inc. with his wife. He left an impression. Donations may be sent to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. 1/3 WEINBERG--Leonard, of New York, NY passed away on January 18, 2016 at the age of 80. Beloved husband of Samari (nee Cabigas) for 35 years; devoted father to Sebastian (Rosa), Fabiana, Kenneth (Ellen) and Melissa (William); proud grandfather of seven. Former President of Grenoble Mills, Inc., later found his calling as a teacher at Edward A. Reynolds West Side High School before co- founding Hands On! A Musical Experience, Inc. with his wife. He left an impression. Donations may be sent to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. 1/3 

FRANKEL--Mickey (Muriel). UJA-Federation of New York mourns the passing of Mickey Frankel, who leaves behind a loving family that will carry on a tradition of exceptional Jewish philanthropy. We extend our heartfelt condolences to Mickey's husband, Steven; her brother, Louis Morris; her children, Jill (Steven), Pamela (Jon), and Wendy (Adam); her grandchildren; and the entire family. Alisa R. Doctoroff, President; Linda Mirels, Chair of the Board; Eric S. Goldstein, CEO 1/3 FRANKEL--Mickey (Muriel). UJA-Federation of New York mourns the passing of Mickey Frankel, who leaves behind a loving family that will carry on a tradition of exceptional Jewish philanthropy. We extend our heartfelt condolences to Mickey's husband, Steven; her brother, Louis Morris; her children, Jill (Steven), Pamela (Jon), and Wendy (Adam); her grandchildren; and the entire family. Alisa R. Doctoroff, President; Linda Mirels, Chair of the Board; Eric S. Goldstein, CEO 1/3 

QUARTARARO--Sally. The Boards and staff of James Lenox House Association and Carnegie East House are greatly saddened by the death of Sally Quartararo. Our thoughts go out to the entire Quartararo family and her son, our good friend and benefactor, Raymond Quartararo, who is dedicated to quality elder care and supportive aging in place. Respectfully, Barbara R. Evans, President, James Lenox House Association; Beatrice Broadwater, President, Carnegie East House; Joseph H. Girven, Executive Director 1/3 QUARTARARO--Sally. The Boards and staff of James Lenox House Association and Carnegie East House are greatly saddened by the death of Sally Quartararo. Our thoughts go out to the entire Quartararo family and her son, our good friend and benefactor, Raymond Quartararo, who is dedicated to quality elder care and supportive aging in place. Respectfully, Barbara R. Evans, President, James Lenox House Association; Beatrice Broadwater, President, Carnegie East House; Joseph H. Girven, Executive Director 1/3 

PIERMONT--Donald K.,92, of Fair Lawn, NJ passed on Tuesday, January 19, 2016 at home with his loving wife by his side. Born and raised in New York, he resided in Venice, FL for 27 years before returning to Fair Lawn where he had lived for many years. An avid golfer, he served as an officer of the Preakness Hills Country Club in Wayne. A very charitable man especially to the military, Humane Society and American Cancer Society, Don was a loyal and knowledgeable New York Yankees fan, and enjoyed travelling and time spent at the beach. Prior to retiring in 1988, he owned and operated Dave Stern Tires in Paterson and Morristown for 43 years. Beloved husband of Barbara (Stern) Piermont. Loving and devoted father of Donald Piermont, Jr. and wife Barbara, Jack Piermont and wife Marilyn and Sally Gillenson and husband Josh. Cherished grandfather of six and great grandfather of four. The family will receive relatives and friends Thursday, 7-9pm at Vander Plaat-Caggiano Funeral Home, 13-31 Saddle River Road, Fair Lawn, NJ, 201-797-3500. A Funeral Mass is planned for Friday, January 22, 2016, 10:30am at St. Anne R.C. Church, 15-05 St. Anne Street, Fair Lawn, NJ. Entombment will follow at Holy Sepulchre Cemetery in Totowa, NJ. In lieu of flowers, donations to a charity of choice would be appreciated. For additional information, please visit www.vpfairlawn.com. 1/3 PIERMONT--Donald K.,92, of Fair Lawn, NJ passed on Tuesday, January 19, 2016 at home with his loving wife by his side. Born and raised in New York, he resided in Venice, FL for 27 years before returning to Fair Lawn where he had lived for many years. An avid golfer, he served as an officer of the Preakness Hills Country Club in Wayne. A very charitable man especially to the military, Humane Society and American Cancer Society, Don was a loyal and knowledgeable New York Yankees fan, and enjoyed travelling and time spent at the beach. Prior to retiring in 1988, he owned and operated Dave Stern Tires in Paterson and Morristown for 43 years. Beloved husband of Barbara (Stern) Piermont. Loving and devoted father of Donald Piermont, Jr. and wife Barbara, Jack Piermont and wife Marilyn and Sally Gillenson and husband Josh. Cherished grandfather of six and great grandfather of four. The family will receive relatives and friends Thursday, 7-9pm at Vander Plaat-Caggiano Funeral Home, 13-31 Saddle River Road, Fair Lawn, NJ, 201-797-3500. A Funeral Mass is planned for Friday, January 22, 2016, 10:30am at St. Anne R.C. Church, 15-05 St. Anne Street, Fair Lawn, NJ. Entombment will follow at Holy Sepulchre Cemetery in Totowa, NJ. In lieu of flowers, donations to a charity of choice would be appreciated. For additional information, please visit www.vpfairlawn.com. 1/3 

ALEXANDER--John. 1/21/47 - 10/27/15 Kipling might have written his famous lines to read-If you can talk with politicians and keep your virtue, Or walk with judges and jurists-nor loose the common touch; If he had had the honor and pleasure of knowing you, John. You are fondly remembered on your birthday. Val 1/3 ALEXANDER--John. 1/21/47 - 10/27/15 Kipling might have written his famous lines to read-If you can talk with politicians and keep your virtue, Or walk with judges and jurists-nor loose the common touch; If he had had the honor and pleasure of knowing you, John. You are fondly remembered on your birthday. Val 1/3 

GOLDBERG--Lisa Ellen, who lit the world, still lights our lives. John, Jed, Katie 1/3 GOLDBERG--Lisa Ellen, who lit the world, still lights our lives. John, Jed, Katie 1/3 

POLLNER--Martin. The family of Martin Pollner mourns the passing of its devoted husband, father, grandfather and brother. In addition to his service to his family, Martin provided more than half a century of service to his country and to the legal profession, serving several United States presidents. He held senior positions with the United States government, including Deputy Attorney General under Robert F. Kennedy and Deputy Assistant of the Treasury and Director of Law Enforcement under Secretaries of the Treasury David Kennedy, John Connally and George Schultz. He helped develop civil rights legislation and developed and coordinated law enforcement policy within the Treasury Department, including the IRS, Customs, Secret Service and Interpol. In addition to service on various Cabinet committees, Martin headed the U.S. Delegation to several Interpol General Assemblies and, after returning to private practice, he was appointed by Secretary of State William P. Rogers as the U.S. representative to the International Narcotics Control Board of the United Nations, a position he held for several years. Over the years, Martin received numerous honors and awards, including the Townsend Harris Medal in 2005 and the Ellis Island Medal of Honor in 2007. After serving as an Assistant United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, Martin, in private practice, advised and represented individuals, including CEO's of major corporations as well as numerous luminaries, and companies; investigated corporate misconduct; and untangled complex tax issues, workouts and bankruptcies. Notwithstanding a stellar legal career, nothing delighted him more than his family. He is survived by his wife Valerie, his sons Daniel and Richard, and their spouses, Melissa and Deb, granddaughters Gabriella, Rebakah and Lexi, and his brother Philip. He was entirely unique, and we will miss him. For those who wish to honor his memory, we ask that donations be made to The Rogosin Institute, www.rogosin.org/donate, The Hebrew Home at Riverdale, or Cardiovascular Institute Fund of Mt. Sinai. Service Thursday, January 21, 2016, 12 noon at "The Riverside," 76th Street and Amsterdam Ave., NYC. 1/3 POLLNER--Martin. The family of Martin Pollner mourns the passing of its devoted husband, father, grandfather and brother. In addition to his service to his family, Martin provided more than half a century of service to his country and to the legal profession, serving several United States presidents. He held senior positions with the United States government, including Deputy Attorney General under Robert F. Kennedy and Deputy Assistant of the Treasury and Director of Law Enforcement under Secretaries of the Treasury David Kennedy, John Connally and George Schultz. He helped develop civil rights legislation and developed and coordinated law enforcement policy within the Treasury Department, including the IRS, Customs, Secret Service and Interpol. In addition to service on various Cabinet committees, Martin headed the U.S. Delegation to several Interpol General Assemblies and, after returning to private practice, he was appointed by Secretary of State William P. Rogers as the U.S. representative to the International Narcotics Control Board of the United Nations, a position he held for several years. Over the years, Martin received numerous honors and awards, including the Townsend Harris Medal in 2005 and the Ellis Island Medal of Honor in 2007. After serving as an Assistant United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, Martin, in private practice, advised and represented individuals, including CEO's of major corporations as well as numerous luminaries, and companies; investigated corporate misconduct; and untangled complex tax issues, workouts and bankruptcies. Notwithstanding a stellar legal career, nothing delighted him more than his family. He is survived by his wife Valerie, his sons Daniel and Richard, and their spouses, Melissa and Deb, granddaughters Gabriella, Rebakah and Lexi, and his brother Philip. He was entirely unique, and we will miss him. For those who wish to honor his memory, we ask that donations be made to The Rogosin Institute, www.rogosin.org/donate, The Hebrew Home at Riverdale, or Cardiovascular Institute Fund of Mt. Sinai. Service Thursday, January 21, 2016, 12 noon at "The Riverside," 76th Street and Amsterdam Ave., NYC. 1/3 

ABRAMSON--Richard. What a unique gentleman; accomplished and so modest. Kind and gentle, we will miss him. Roberta and Stanley 1/3 ABRAMSON--Richard. What a unique gentleman; accomplished and so modest. Kind and gentle, we will miss him. Roberta and Stanley 1/3 

FRANKEL--Mickey (Muriel), 73, of Scarsdale, NY, passed away peacefully at home on January 18, 2016, and is remembered lovingly by her family. Wife for over 53 years to Steven; mother of Jill, Pamela and Wendy, mother-in-law to Steven, Jon and Adam; loving and adoring grandmother of Hannah, Jeffrey, Jacob, Eliot, Benjamin, Abigail, Ethan and Brooke; sister of Louis Morris and daughter of the late Harold and Edythe Morris. Mickey graduated from Scarsdale High School and the University of Pennsylvania and throughout her life was a dedicated and caring volunteer. She will be greatly missed. Funeral services will be private. Contributions in Mickey's memory can be made to Westchester Reform Temple, Scarsdale, NY. 1/3 FRANKEL--Mickey (Muriel), 73, of Scarsdale, NY, passed away peacefully at home on January 18, 2016, and is remembered lovingly by her family. Wife for over 53 years to Steven; mother of Jill, Pamela and Wendy, mother-in-law to Steven, Jon and Adam; loving and adoring grandmother of Hannah, Jeffrey, Jacob, Eliot, Benjamin, Abigail, Ethan and Brooke; sister of Louis Morris and daughter of the late Harold and Edythe Morris. Mickey graduated from Scarsdale High School and the University of Pennsylvania and throughout her life was a dedicated and caring volunteer. She will be greatly missed. Funeral services will be private. Contributions in Mickey's memory can be made to Westchester Reform Temple, Scarsdale, NY. 1/3 

BLAUSTEIN--Helen, passed away on January 18, 2016. She was a beloved mother, a devoted wife, an incredible grandmother and a wonderful friend. Though she is no longer physically with us, her spirit lives on in those fortunate enough to have known her. There will be a memorial service for her this Sunday at 1pm at Riverside Chapel, 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. 1/3 BLAUSTEIN--Helen, passed away on January 18, 2016. She was a beloved mother, a devoted wife, an incredible grandmother and a wonderful friend. Though she is no longer physically with us, her spirit lives on in those fortunate enough to have known her. There will be a memorial service for her this Sunday at 1pm at Riverside Chapel, 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. 1/3 

KAHN--Walter. The Yeshiva University family is deeply saddened by the passing of Mr. Walter Kahn, Z"l, a revered member of the Queens Jewish Center and the Queens community who was widely admired for his support of Jewish education. Our heartfelt condolences are extended to his beloved wife, Grace, and their devoted children: Nathan (and Sandy) Kahn, a member of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine Board of Overseers and YU Benefactors; Simon (and Robin) Kahn; Vivian (and Gerry) Adler; and his adoring grandchildren. The entire Kahn family emulates the noble ways of their deeply esteemed cherished parents in their respective communities. May they find comfort among all who mourn for Zion and Jerusalem. Richard M. Joel, President, Yeshiva University Norman Lamm, President Emeritus 1/3 KAHN--Walter. The Yeshiva University family is deeply saddened by the passing of Mr. Walter Kahn, Z"l, a revered member of the Queens Jewish Center and the Queens community who was widely admired for his support of Jewish education. Our heartfelt condolences are extended to his beloved wife, Grace, and their devoted children: Nathan (and Sandy) Kahn, a member of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine Board of Overseers and YU Benefactors; Simon (and Robin) Kahn; Vivian (and Gerry) Adler; and his adoring grandchildren. The entire Kahn family emulates the noble ways of their deeply esteemed cherished parents in their respective communities. May they find comfort among all who mourn for Zion and Jerusalem. Richard M. Joel, President, Yeshiva University Norman Lamm, President Emeritus 1/3 

In a match that was suspended when a spectator fell on the stairs at Rod Laver Arena, Ana Ivanovic of Serbia advanced to the third round of the Australian Open. In a match that was suspended when a spectator fell on the stairs at Rod Laver Arena, Ana Ivanovic of Serbia advanced to the third round of the Australian Open. Ana Ivanovic defeats Anastasija Sevastova to advance to third round of Australian Open tennis tournament; other tournament matches noted.

Gordon Hayward baited Porzingis into fouling him on a 3-point attempt, allowing Utah to tie the game and force overtime, but the Knicks survived to even their record at 22-22. Gordon Hayward baited Porzingis into fouling him on a 3-point attempt, allowing Utah to tie the game and force overtime, but the Knicks survived to even their record at 22-22. New York Knicks defeat Utah Jazz, 118-111, in overtime.

The Cavaliers pounded the Nets in an unattractive game on Wednesday. After a 34-point drubbing by the Golden State Warriors on Monday, it was the result they had to have. The Cavaliers pounded the Nets in an unattractive game on Wednesday. After a 34-point drubbing by the Golden State Warriors on Monday, it was the result they had to have. Cleveland Cavaliers defeat Brooklyn Nets, 91-78.

While Mr. Hekmati did not know about the level of support for him, Representative Dan Kildee said, Iranian government officials were constantly made aware of it. While Mr. Hekmati did not know about the level of support for him, Representative Dan Kildee said, Iranian government officials were constantly made aware of it. 

Antonio Bastardo, a left-handed reliever, appeared in 66 games for the Pirates, striking out 64 in 571/3 innings with a 2.98 E.R.A. Antonio Bastardo, a left-handed reliever, appeared in 66 games for the Pirates, striking out 64 in 571/3 innings with a 2.98 E.R.A. New York Mets sign pitcher Antonio Bastardo to two-year, $12 million contract.

A 58-year-old woman was killed in the Westchester County suburb, and a man who lived with her, possibly her husband, was detained by the police, officials said. A 58-year-old woman was killed in the Westchester County suburb, and a man who lived with her, possibly her husband, was detained by the police, officials said. 

Kayla Medina lived with nine foster families in five years. After the birth of her son, she found a place she could finally call her own. Kayla Medina lived with nine foster families in five years. After the birth of her son, she found a place she could finally call her own. Children’s Aid Society, one of seven agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, helps Kayla Medina of Harlem pay for supplies for her infant son.

Ari Noe, who was found guilty in 2013, helped organize Mayor Bill de Blasio’s two-day visit to Israel in October. Ari Noe, who was found guilty in 2013, helped organize Mayor Bill de Blasio’s two-day visit to Israel in October. Warrant is issued for arrest of OTR Media chief executive Ari Noe after he fails to appear in court to begin 15-day sentence for misdemeanor sexual abuse; Noe is one of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio's leading supporters in Orthodox Jewish community, and de Blasio's aides say mayor was only recently informed about Noe's trial and conviction. 

The commercial stresses Mr. Sanders’s opposition to the war in Iraq, as well as the human toll from the conflicts that are raging in the Middle East. The commercial stresses Mr. Sanders’s opposition to the war in Iraq, as well as the human toll from the conflicts that are raging in the Middle East. 

For a second day, the police clashed with protesters demanding jobs in Kasserine, and one officer was killed in Feriana as demonstrations broke out in other cities and towns. For a second day, the police clashed with protesters demanding jobs in Kasserine, and one officer was killed in Feriana as demonstrations broke out in other cities and towns. Police and protesters clash for second day in Kasserine, Tunisia, as demonstrators demand jobs.

The largest share of about $7.7 billion would go toward building the new Hudson tunnel and repairing the existing tunnel. The largest share of about $7.7 billion would go toward building the new Hudson tunnel and repairing the existing tunnel. Amtrak officials say so-called Gateway program project, which will construct new Hudson River rail tunnel between New York and New Jersey, will cost up to $23.9 billion, in most detailing public accounting of project so far; federal Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx, who has championed project, tours existing tunnel that will be repaired as part of Gateway program.

Richard Greenberg juxtaposes a generational then and now to consider how little we know about the lives that shape our own. Richard Greenberg juxtaposes a generational then and now to consider how little we know about the lives that shape our own. Ben Brantley reviews Manhattan Theater Club production of Richard Greenberg play Our Mother's Brief Affair, directed by Lynne Meadow and starring Linda Lavin, at Samuel J Friedman Theater.

Singapore said it had deported 26 construction workers for forming a religious study group that spread the ideology of Al Qaeda and the Islamic State group. Singapore said it had deported 26 construction workers for forming a religious study group that spread the ideology of Al Qaeda and the Islamic State group. Singapore says it has arrested and deported 26 Bangladeshi construction workers for forming religious study group that spread ideology of Al Qaeda and Islamic State.

Javan Felix scored the final 9 points for Texas and led the Longhorns to a 56-49 victory at No. 6 West Virginia on Wednesday night. Javan Felix scored the final 9 points for Texas and led the Longhorns to a 56-49 victory at No. 6 West Virginia on Wednesday night. College Basketball Roundup; Texas men's basketball team defeats West Virginia, 56-49; other men's and women's scores noted.

At least 20 people were killed amid preparations for a poetry recital in honor of Abdul Ghaffar Khan, a peaceful Pashtun leader for whom the school was named. At least 20 people were killed amid preparations for a poetry recital in honor of Abdul Ghaffar Khan, a peaceful Pashtun leader for whom the school was named. University officials reveal that Pakistani Taliban attack on Bacha Khan University coincided with memorial in celebration of its namesake Abdul Ghaffar Khan; Pashtun leader, who advocated nonviolence alongside Mahatma Gandhi, was beloved by his tribe despite its renown for producing warriors.

Protesters broke through police lines to storm Parliament after lawmakers approved a new prime minister in an effort to end months of political deadlock. Protesters broke through police lines to storm Parliament after lawmakers approved a new prime minister in an effort to end months of political deadlock. Hundreds of people protest in Moldova's capital of Chisinau, storming Parliament after lawmakers approve new prime minister in hopes of ending political deadlock.

Republicans showed little sign of finding any common ground with Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch on solutions to gun violence. Republicans showed little sign of finding any common ground with Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch on solutions to gun violence. Atty Gen Loretta E Lynch, during first congressional hearing on Pres Obama's executive orders aimed at tightening gun restrictions, voices support for Obama's effort and for needed funding; Senate Republicans say they will try to block Obama's effort. 

Nearly half the people in the country are now facing hunger, the main food aid agency of the United Nations said Wednesday. Nearly half the people in the country are now facing hunger, the main food aid agency of the United Nations said Wednesday. United Nations reports almost 2.5 million people in Central African Republic are facing hunger, about half country's population and double number from year earlier.

Parents of 13 current and former students of Success Academy filed a complaint against the charter school network with the federal Department of Education. Parents of 13 current and former students of Success Academy filed a complaint against the charter school network with the federal Department of Education. Parents of 13 current and former students of Success Academy accuse charter school network in New York City of discriminating against students with disabilities and file complaint with federal Education Dept; parents say network, which is known for its students' high test scores, denies accommodations to those with disabilities and in some cases urged parents to remove children from school.

Austria said Wednesday that it had put a cap on the number of refugees it wanted to accept — 37,500 this year and a total of 127,500 through 2019. Austria said Wednesday that it had put a cap on the number of refugees it wanted to accept — 37,500 this year and a total of 127,500 through 2019. Austrian government announces cap on number of refugees it will accept in 2016--37,500, and total of 127,500 through 2019.

On the campaign trail, Mr. Cruz has been testing several strategies to dent Mr. Trump’s popularity. But true to form, Mr. Trump has complicated his path. On the campaign trail, Mr. Cruz has been testing several strategies to dent Mr. Trump’s popularity. But true to form, Mr. Trump has complicated his path. Sen Ted Cruz has been forced to abandon his tactic of ignoring his opponents in race for Republican presidential nomination as he tries to topple Donald Trump; Cruz has adopted more aggressive strategy, attempting to paint Trump as anathema to conservative values and to highlight more liberal positions Trump has held in past.

The number of minority head coaches has stagnated, and new research suggests this is due to a shortfall in the hiring of minority assistant coaches. The number of minority head coaches has stagnated, and new research suggests this is due to a shortfall in the hiring of minority assistant coaches. Ken Belson On Pro Football column holds that lack of diversity in leadership positions in NFL is tied to shortfalls in assistant ranks.

Exposed wiring was probably responsible for a New Year’s Eve blaze that engulfed a skyscraper in Dubai just hours before a nearby fireworks display, the police said. Exposed wiring was probably responsible for a New Year’s Eve blaze that engulfed a skyscraper in Dubai just hours before a nearby fireworks display, the police said. Dubai police say exposed wiring was mostly likely cause of New Year's Eve fire that engulfed 63-story skyscraper.

A court on Wednesday sentenced a teacher to almost a year in prison for making a rude gesture at President Recep Tayyip Erdogan during a political rally in 2014. A court on Wednesday sentenced a teacher to almost a year in prison for making a rude gesture at President Recep Tayyip Erdogan during a political rally in 2014. Turkish court sentences teacher to almost year in prison for making rude gesture at Pres Recep Tayyip Erdogan during 2014 political rally; Turkey defines insults toward public officials as crime. 

The Raptors won their season-high sixth straight game, 115-109, over the Boston Celtics on Wednesday night in Toronto. The Raptors won their season-high sixth straight game, 115-109, over the Boston Celtics on Wednesday night in Toronto. NBA Roundup; Toronto Raptors defeat Boston Celtics, 115-109; other NBA scores noted.

Shiwei Yan was part of a scheme to funnel bribes to an Antiguan diplomat who served for a year as president of the United Nations General Assembly. Shiwei Yan was part of a scheme to funnel bribes to an Antiguan diplomat who served for a year as president of the United Nations General Assembly. Chinese-born executive Shiwei Yan pleads guilty to bribery in investigation of corruption at United Nations; among charges, Yan is accused of helping divert over $800,000 to UN official John W Ashe, who served for year as president of General Assembly.

A federal complaint accuses the towns of Colorado City, Ariz., and Hildale, Utah, of discriminating against people who are not members of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. A federal complaint accuses the towns of Colorado City, Ariz., and Hildale, Utah, of discriminating against people who are not members of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Federal District Court in Arizona is set to hear case alleging  neighboring towns of Colorado City, Ariz, and Hildale, Utah, systematically discriminate against outsiders who are not part of Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints; federal government complaints allege towns and their institutions enforce laws of polygamous sect rather than those of United States.

The Ziegfeld, which will reopen next year for galas and corporate functions, has been a movie theater, which replaced the 1927 theater built by Florenz Ziegfeld. The Ziegfeld, which will reopen next year for galas and corporate functions, has been a movie theater, which replaced the 1927 theater built by Florenz Ziegfeld. Ziegfield Theater owner Fisher Brothers says Midtown Manhattan theater will close so that it can reopen in 2017 as Ziegfield Ballroom, event space for galas and corporate functions offering one of largest ballrooms in city. .

One change might be an immediate return to a 10-film field of best picture nominees, some people briefed on the matter said. One change might be an immediate return to a 10-film field of best picture nominees, some people briefed on the matter said. Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences is expected to unveil steps meant to make its Oscar choices more diverse; move follows call to boycott Academy Awards after no minority actors or black-themed films were nominated for second year in a row.

Beth Wilkinson and Alexandra Walsh are founding Wilkinson Walsh + Eskovitz with Sean Eskovitz of Munger, Tolles & Olson. Beth Wilkinson and Alexandra Walsh are founding Wilkinson Walsh + Eskovitz with Sean Eskovitz of Munger, Tolles & Olson. 

A veteran Democratic lawmaker was removed from office by a Republican-dominated House on a technicality, giving Republicans the ability to pass revenue-related bills. A veteran Democratic lawmaker was removed from office by a Republican-dominated House on a technicality, giving Republicans the ability to pass revenue-related bills. Tie for House seat in Mississippi held by Democrat Blaine Eaton II ends in favor of Republican challenger Mark Tullos when Republican lawmakers charge five votes in Eaton's favor should not have been counted; outcome gives Republicans supermajority in Mississippi House; Democrats dispute decision.

Mr. Tournier’s “Ogre,” the story of a French prisoner of war who procured boys for an elite Hitler youth camp, won the Prix Goncourt, in 1970. Mr. Tournier’s “Ogre,” the story of a French prisoner of war who procured boys for an elite Hitler youth camp, won the Prix Goncourt, in 1970. Michel Tournier, French author and would-be philosopher who constructed style he labeled 'hyperrealist,' and who was awarded grand prize from Academie Francaise in 1967 for novel Friday, retelling of Daniel Defoe's classic work Robinson Crusoe, dies at age 91. 

Kathryn Smith, named as Buffalo&#8217;s special teams quality control coach, becomes the first full-time female member of an N.F.L. coaching staff. Kathryn Smith, named as Buffalo&#8217;s special teams quality control coach, becomes the first full-time female member of an N.F.L. coaching staff. NFL Roundup; Buffalo Bills name Kathryn Smith as special teams quality control coach; appointment makes her first full-time female coach in NFL history; other football news noted.

In more than 40 films directed over 40 years, Mr. Scola focused on people always haplessly swept along by the tides of their times. In more than 40 films directed over 40 years, Mr. Scola focused on people always haplessly swept along by the tides of their times. Ettore Scola, Italian film director and screenwriter whose insightful work on over 40 movies deeply influenced Italian cinema, earning him Golden Globe award and five Oscar nominations, dies at age 84. 

The Big 5 staged a 60th anniversary celebration in a fitting way, with a doubleheader at the Palestra, a tradition that had not taken place since December 2004. The Big 5 staged a 60th anniversary celebration in a fitting way, with a doubleheader at the Palestra, a tradition that had not taken place since December 2004. Big 5, informal association of Philadelphia Division I basketball teams, celebrates its 60th anniversary with doubleheader at Palestra arena; Temple defeats La Salle, 62-49, in first game and St Joseph's beats Pennsylvania, 75-60, in second.

A district attorney in Pennsylvania hit back at attempts by Bill Cosby’s legal team to drop criminal charges against the entertainer. A district attorney in Pennsylvania hit back at attempts by Bill Cosby’s legal team to drop criminal charges against the entertainer. 

Mr. Bashford’s clothing emporium catered to elegance-conscious San Franciscans for a half-century. Mr. Bashford’s clothing emporium catered to elegance-conscious San Franciscans for a half-century. Wilkes Bashford, clothing retailer whose self-named flagship store in San Fransisco specialized in high-end conservative clothing, dies at age 82. 

Gov. Kate Brown of Oregon said she intended to bill the United States government for what the occupation of a national wildlife refuge by an armed group is costing state taxpayers. Gov. Kate Brown of Oregon said she intended to bill the United States government for what the occupation of a national wildlife refuge by an armed group is costing state taxpayers. Oregon Gov Kate Brown expresses outrage at federal authorities' inaction dealing with continued armed occupation of Malheur National Wildlife Refuge by Ammon Bundy and his cohorts; Brown intends to bill US government for half-million dollars she says occupation has cost taxpayers.  

Roush Fenway Racing did not put a driver in the Chase for the first time since the playoff format began in 2004. Roush Fenway Racing did not put a driver in the Chase for the first time since the playoff format began in 2004. 

Keith Butler, who impressed Coach Mike Tomlin this season, remains Pittsburgh&#8217;s defensive coordinator, but whether he will have the star cornerback Cortez Allen is uncertain. Keith Butler, who impressed Coach Mike Tomlin this season, remains Pittsburgh&#8217;s defensive coordinator, but whether he will have the star cornerback Cortez Allen is uncertain. 

Sister Elisabeth Anne has been visiting the Hunts Point Produce Market for more than 35 years, soliciting donations of food to help the Queen of Peace Residence in Queens. Sister Elisabeth Anne has been visiting the Hunts Point Produce Market for more than 35 years, soliciting donations of food to help the Queen of Peace Residence in Queens. Sister Elisabeth Anne visits Hunts Point Produce Market in Bronx, as she has done since 1979, to pick up food donations for older adults who live at Queens of Peace Residence in Queens Village; residence is one of 197 homes around world run by Little Sisters of Poor.

The volatility of the companies&#8217; shares have hit Jack Dorsey in the wallet. Twitter will report its earnings on Feb. 10, and Square will reveal its first public earnings in March. The volatility of the companies&#8217; shares have hit Jack Dorsey in the wallet. Twitter will report its earnings on Feb. 10, and Square will reveal its first public earnings in March. Twitter and Square, both helmed by Jack Dorsey, have been particularly hit by stock market's tumult; Twitter is down 25 percent for year, and Square is down 28 percent; companies' tribulations underscore how investors tend to flee risky stocks in rocky times.

A judge has rejected prosecutors’ request to force a Baltimore police officer to testify against three of his colleagues facing charges in connection with Freddie Gray’s death. A judge has rejected prosecutors’ request to force a Baltimore police officer to testify against three of his colleagues facing charges in connection with Freddie Gray’s death. Baltimore judge denies prosecutor's request to force police officer William G Porter to testify in trial against three colleagues facing charges related to Freddie Gray's death.

Dr. David H. Newman, accused of groping patients in an emergency room in Manhattan, was a prominent advocate of health care reform. Dr. David H. Newman, accused of groping patients in an emergency room in Manhattan, was a prominent advocate of health care reform. Colleagues of Dr David H Newman, prominent emergency room physician at Mount Sinai Hospital in Manhattan and emerging expert in emergency care reform, express shock and disbelief at his arrest on charges of sexually abusing patients.

Lawyers for a Texas teenager who used a so-called “affluenza” defense in a fatal drunken-driving case have told the Mexican authorities that they want to drop their fight against his deportation to the U.S. Lawyers for a Texas teenager who used a so-called “affluenza” defense in a fatal drunken-driving case have told the Mexican authorities that they want to drop their fight against his deportation to the U.S. Lawyers for Texas teen Ethan Couch, who used 'affluenza' in defense for fatal drunk-driving accident, drop fight against his deportation to US after he and mother Tonya Couch were found and arrested in Mexico.

American warplanes have struck nine depots where the group is believed to have stashed tens of millions of dollars. American warplanes have struck nine depots where the group is believed to have stashed tens of millions of dollars. United States airstrikes in Iraq, beginning in summer, have targeted storage facilities housing Islamic State's cash hoards; military officials assert tactic significantly incapacitates militant group, while others cite complex blend of revenue streams which makes disrupting Islamic State's finances difficult. 

In a filing, Viacom said it cut the pay of its chairman, Sumner M. Redstone, about 85 percent, while also cutting the pay of the chief executive, Phillipe P. Dauman. In a filing, Viacom said it cut the pay of its chairman, Sumner M. Redstone, about 85 percent, while also cutting the pay of the chief executive, Phillipe P. Dauman. Viacom cuts annual pay for its executive chairman, Sumner M Redstone, by 85 percent during fiscal 2015; questions remain over whether 92-year-old should continue in position.

New York City’s potter’s field is run by the Correction Department and visits are restricted, involve paperwork and are limited to relatives. New York City’s potter’s field is run by the Correction Department and visits are restricted, involve paperwork and are limited to relatives. Bill to transfer control of Hart Island from New York City Dept of Corrections to Parks and Recreation Dept meets opposition from all agencies affected at City Council hearing; 101-acre island serves as city's only potter's field, and parks dept officials say administration of public cemetery falls well outside its purview. 

California appears to have joined New York in weighing Exxon Mobil&#8217;s honesty in admitting to the risks posed by climate change. California appears to have joined New York in weighing Exxon Mobil&#8217;s honesty in admitting to the risks posed by climate change. California Atty Gen Kamala D Harris is investigating whether Exxon Mobil lied to public and shareholders about risks of climate change, and whether firm's statements are violations of securities laws.

The full chamber is expected to take up Ms. DiFiore’s nomination to lead the Court of Appeals on Thursday. The full chamber is expected to take up Ms. DiFiore’s nomination to lead the Court of Appeals on Thursday. New York State Senate Republicans offer no explanation for failing to hold confirmation vote for Janet DiFiore, who has been nominated as chief judge of Court of Appeals, but say they will hold vote following day; failure is curious given unanimous vote of approval from State Senate Judiciary Committee, and some speculate is due to Republicans' irritation at Gov Andrew M Cuomo.

Victor Rodman was sentenced to 90 days in jail for beating a Rikers Island inmate, who sustained a broken nose and lost vision in one eye. Victor Rodman was sentenced to 90 days in jail for beating a Rikers Island inmate, who sustained a broken nose and lost vision in one eye. Former New York City Correction Officer Victor Rodman is sentenced to 90 days in jail for beating of Rikers Island inmate Carlos Sanchez in 2009 that cost Sanchez his vision in one eye. 

Palin, Trump and the search for a decent right-wing populism. Palin, Trump and the search for a decent right-wing populism. 

In a declaration to be released at the World Economic Forum, more than 80 companies say government help and better reimbursement is needed to fight the problem of drug-resistant germs. In a declaration to be released at the World Economic Forum, more than 80 companies say government help and better reimbursement is needed to fight the problem of drug-resistant germs. Over 80 pharmaceutical and diagnostic companies plan to release declaration at World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, calling for new economic models to encourage development of new antibiotics and to combat global threat of drug-resistant bacteria.

The promised raise will take average hourly pay to $13.38 from $13 now for full-time workers beginning Feb. 20, part of an effort to retain workers as joblessness falls. The promised raise will take average hourly pay to $13.38 from $13 now for full-time workers beginning Feb. 20, part of an effort to retain workers as joblessness falls. Walmart will give pay raises to most United States employees, to average of $13.38 per hour for full-time workers. 

Detroit’s public schools are failing academically and nearly insolvent, leaving residents to wonder how the city can recoup its lost population. Detroit’s public schools are failing academically and nearly insolvent, leaving residents to wonder how the city can recoup its lost population. Teachers in Detroit protest state of city's schools by calling in sick together, forcing shutdown; city's schools, nearly 100 in nature, are teetering on edge of financial collapse, and many are run down after years of mismanagement and neglect; many in city worry that school system, which could become insolvent by April, will hold back Detroit's nascent recovery from bankruptcy; Michigan Gov Rick Snyder is confronted with emergency in education system while simultaneously facing crisis in Flint over city's water quality.

Star Wars toys generated sales of more than $700 million in the United States in 2015, making them the No. 1 property in the toy industry for the year. Star Wars toys generated sales of more than $700 million in the United States in 2015, making them the No. 1 property in the toy industry for the year. NDP Group reports toys linked to movie Star Wars: The Force Awakens generated over $700 million in sales in United States in 2015, making toys No 1 property in industry for year even though they were only on market for four months.

United States auto safety regulators have opened an investigation into complaints that doors on about 400,000 Ford Focus compact cars will not latch properly. United States auto safety regulators have opened an investigation into complaints that doors on about 400,000 Ford Focus compact cars will not latch properly. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration opens investigation into complaints that doors on around 400,000 Ford Focus cars produced from 2012 and 2013 are not closing properly.

The change reflects growing concerns within the government about the militant group’s emerging role in Afghanistan. The change reflects growing concerns within the government about the militant group’s emerging role in Afghanistan. Pres Obama loosens protocol for undertaking military strikes on forces allied with Islamic State in Afghanistan; move reflects increasing concern over extremist group's presence in country, ongoing difficulty of extracting American forces from conflict there, and legal complexities of continued military engagement.

Jacob J. Lew said, “Only Congress can enact the legislative measures necessary for Puerto Rico to resolve this problem.” Jacob J. Lew said, “Only Congress can enact the legislative measures necessary for Puerto Rico to resolve this problem.” Treasury Sec Jacob J Lew, on official visit to Puerto Rico, says financial crisis on island is worsening and urges Congress to grant government ability to restructure its $72 billion debt.

Maybe a many-chambered Chinese “vibe dining” experience will succeed where several other restaurants, another nightclub and an urban mall have failed. Maybe a many-chambered Chinese “vibe dining” experience will succeed where several other restaurants, another nightclub and an urban mall have failed. Jue Lan Club, upscale Chinese restaurant opened by Stratis Morfogen in Flatiron district church that once housed Limelight nightclub, aims to capitalize on site's storied history via decorative touches and themed cocktails.

A new exhibition explores a series of works that were once denounced as “white racist pseudo anthropology.” A new exhibition explores a series of works that were once denounced as “white racist pseudo anthropology.” Chicago’s Field Museum organizes retrospective Looking at Ourselves: Rethinking the Sculptures of Malvina Hoffman, which explores ethnic stereotypes using controversial bronzes of human races displayed by artist Malvina Hoffman in 1933; exhibit presents history on scientific theories connecting biology and character, common in 1930s and later discredited. 

Smartwatches, fitness trackers and other devices are supposed to better our lives, but the gadgets often sit idle and collect dust. Smartwatches, fitness trackers and other devices are supposed to better our lives, but the gadgets often sit idle and collect dust. Nick Bilton Disruptions column examines reasons wearable fitness trackers have failed to catch on to extent marketers anticipated.

Without the fog of alcohol, young professionals focus on meditation, massage, music and the exchange of business cards. Without the fog of alcohol, young professionals focus on meditation, massage, music and the exchange of business cards. Alcohol-free social gatherings, sometimes featuring meditation and healthy food and drink, are cropping up in New York and other cities for those who want to mingle without booze.

For the ultrarich and influential, the value of the World Economic Forum is not so much hearing about the next big thing. It is the opportunity to network. For the ultrarich and influential, the value of the World Economic Forum is not so much hearing about the next big thing. It is the opportunity to network. 

A review of the fall 2016 men’s wear collections from Moncler Gamme Bleu, Canali, Calvin Klein, Prada, Etro, Gucci and Armani. A review of the fall 2016 men’s wear collections from Moncler Gamme Bleu, Canali, Calvin Klein, Prada, Etro, Gucci and Armani. Guy Trebay reviews men's collections including Prada, Giorgio Armani and Gucci at Milan Fashion Week.

The pianist Taka Kigawa and the cellist Eric Edberg performed sonatas at this book-lined space on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. The pianist Taka Kigawa and the cellist Eric Edberg performed sonatas at this book-lined space on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. Vivien Schweitzer reviews classical music concert performed by pianist Taka Kigawa and cellist Eric Edberg at Spectrum. 

The company performs “Barber Violin Concerto,” “Fancy Free” and “Who Cares?” under the musical direction of Andrew Litton. The company performs “Barber Violin Concerto,” “Fancy Free” and “Who Cares?” under the musical direction of Andrew Litton. Alastair Macaulay reviews performance by New York City Ballet at David H Koch Theater. 

Several selections at this year’s festival are joining the national discussion about mass shootings and gun control. Several selections at this year’s festival are joining the national discussion about mass shootings and gun control. Gun violence is theme to many documentaries screening at Sundance Film Festival in Park City, Utah; filmmakers, galvanized from spate of mass shootings in Newtown, Aurora and other American cities, hope movies at heavily publicized event will lead to effective solution to heartbreaking issue.

The heart of this story imagines a response to the Soviet leader’s final acts of anti-Semitism in 1953. The heart of this story imagines a response to the Soviet leader’s final acts of anti-Semitism in 1953. Janet Maslin reviews book The Yid by Paul Goldberg. 

Introduced on Wednesday as New York City F.C.’s second head coach, Vieira, 39, was confident he would overcome his lack of coaching experience and unfamiliarity with M.L.S. Introduced on Wednesday as New York City F.C.’s second head coach, Vieira, 39, was confident he would overcome his lack of coaching experience and unfamiliarity with M.L.S. Patrick Vieira, former midfielder for Arsenal and France, is introduced as new manager for New York City FC; has no experience as professional head coach and is unfamiliar with MLS, but is confident he can lead team.

The newest Broadway revival of Jerry Herman’s beloved musical, starring Ms. Midler, is set to open in the spring of 2017. The newest Broadway revival of Jerry Herman’s beloved musical, starring Ms. Midler, is set to open in the spring of 2017. Bette Midler agrees to play starring role in Scott Rudin’s 2017 Broadway revival of Hello, Dolly! after first researching play's past performances; Jerry Herman, musical’s composer and lyricist, says Midler is actress revival has been waiting for.

The bank also said 800 million euros in reorganization costs, including employee severance payments, contributed to its losses in the latest quarter. The bank also said 800 million euros in reorganization costs, including employee severance payments, contributed to its losses in the latest quarter. Deutsche Bank reports reports overall 2015 loss of 6.7 billion euros, or $7.3 billion, and fourth-quarter loss of 2.1 billion euros, compared with profit of 441 million euros in year-ago quarter; company's profit appears to be affected by high cost of legal run-ins with regulators.

A federal indictment charges two Glaxo research scientists and three others with the theft of data they planned to sell through a company in China. A federal indictment charges two Glaxo research scientists and three others with the theft of data they planned to sell through a company in China. Federal prosecutors in Philadelphia say they have indicted five people, including two research scientists, on charges of pilfering trade secrets about drugs to treat cancer and other diseases from GlaxoSmithKline.

Euthanasia rates dropped 36 percent for dogs and 25 percent for cats in 2015 as adoptions climbed 17 percent, according to statistics from the agency that runs New York’s three animal shelters. Euthanasia rates dropped 36 percent for dogs and 25 percent for cats in 2015 as adoptions climbed 17 percent, according to statistics from the agency that runs New York’s three animal shelters. Animal Care Centers of NYC, which runs New York City's three animal shelters, say it is about to release report showing its euthanasia rates dropped by 36 percent in 2015 for dogs and 25 percent for cats; agency says adoptions rose by 17 percent in year, uptick attributed to improvements to number of adoption programs implemented in 2014.

As prices for commodities have dropped, the value of the Canadian dollar has fallen, a direct link to an economy that is dependent on oil and other resources. As prices for commodities have dropped, the value of the Canadian dollar has fallen, a direct link to an economy that is dependent on oil and other resources. Value of Canadian dollar is falling, making imported American vegetables more expensive; iceberg lettuce costs three Canadian dollars, while head of cauliflower is $8, up from $2.50 from one year ago; decline in currency highlights country's troubled economy.

Where his peers — from Kendrick Lamar to Kamasi Washington to YG to Madlib to Dr. Dre and beyond — have approached Los Angeles revivalism with narrow focus, he is an omnivore. Where his peers — from Kendrick Lamar to Kamasi Washington to YG to Madlib to Dr. Dre and beyond — have approached Los Angeles revivalism with narrow focus, he is an omnivore. Jon Caramanica reviews album Malibu by rapper Anderson .Paak.

The I.R.S., AARP and others offer free aid in preparing and filing returns, but some programs have income restrictions and other exceptions. The I.R.S., AARP and others offer free aid in preparing and filing returns, but some programs have income restrictions and other exceptions. 

Readers discuss the Supreme Court’s decision to hear a case challenging the president’s executive actions. Readers discuss the Supreme Court’s decision to hear a case challenging the president’s executive actions. 

The measures would affect low-level offenses such as littering, public urination and public consumption of alcohol, in some cases removing them from the criminal justice system. The measures would affect low-level offenses such as littering, public urination and public consumption of alcohol, in some cases removing them from the criminal justice system. New York City Council is expected to pass eight bills that will curb policing practice known as broken windows, and will soften police department's stance toward minor infractions like public urination and drinking alcohol in public; move is meant to ease burden on criminal court system, and to counter alienation of many city residents by allowing many infractions to be handled by civil process.

Russia’s campaign in Syria has probably given President Bashar al-Assad a stronger hand to play in talks next week in Geneva, American officials said. Russia’s campaign in Syria has probably given President Bashar al-Assad a stronger hand to play in talks next week in Geneva, American officials said. 

This Chicago instrumental band flirted for a while with structures easier to recognize. On its new album, it rediscovers its metier: covering its tracks. This Chicago instrumental band flirted for a while with structures easier to recognize. On its new album, it rediscovers its metier: covering its tracks. Ben Ratliff reviews album The Catastrophist by instrumental music band Tortoise. 

On his new album, Mr. Pelt is joined by Ron Carter, Danny Grissett and Billy Drummond. On his new album, Mr. Pelt is joined by Ron Carter, Danny Grissett and Billy Drummond. Nate Chinen reviews latest jazz album by trumpeter Jeremy Pelt. 

This testosterone-fueled series, adapted from a British drama, focuses on the adventures of four middle-aged American men. This testosterone-fueled series, adapted from a British drama, focuses on the adventures of four middle-aged American men. James Poniewozik reviews Amazon Prime program Mad Dogs, starring Billy Zane. 

This five-part BBC America mini-series, written by Tom Rob Smith and directed by Jakob Verbruggen, is a loopy mix of romance and conspiracy thriller. This five-part BBC America mini-series, written by Tom Rob Smith and directed by Jakob Verbruggen, is a loopy mix of romance and conspiracy thriller. Mike Hale reviews BBC America mini-series London Spy, starring Ben Whishaw. 

This eight-part series, which begins on Thursday on Showtime, digs into whether and how aspects of technology might be changing us as a species. This eight-part series, which begins on Thursday on Showtime, digs into whether and how aspects of technology might be changing us as a species. Neil Genzlinger reviews Showtime television documentary series Dark Net.


Women who are pregnant or are trying to become so should talk to their doctors about the risks of traveling to areas where Zika infections have been found. Women who are pregnant or are trying to become so should talk to their doctors about the risks of traveling to areas where Zika infections have been found. 

The measure, opposed by the White House, would have required officials to confirm that immigration applicants from Syria and Iraq posed no threat. The measure, opposed by the White House, would have required officials to confirm that immigration applicants from Syria and Iraq posed no threat. Republican-backed vote to tighten screening procedures for refugees from Iraq and Syria fails procedural vote in Senate, sparing Pres Obama from having to veto it.

Residents’ complaints about their water’s foul odor and odd color were met with irritation from Michigan officials, according to emails released by the governor. Residents’ complaints about their water’s foul odor and odd color were met with irritation from Michigan officials, according to emails released by the governor. Some 247 pages of emails made public by Michigan Gov Rick Snyder reveal state officials reacted with irritation to mounting complaints about water crisis in city of Flint and in some cases questioned validity of complaints; emails show state officials were eager to place blame for crisis on local officials and were reluctant to acknowledge extent of problem even in face of evidence.

Mr. Gupta, a former managing director of McKinsey & Company who was convicted of insider trading in 2012, will remain a federal inmate and confined to his apartment until March 13. Mr. Gupta, a former managing director of McKinsey & Company who was convicted of insider trading in 2012, will remain a federal inmate and confined to his apartment until March 13. Rajat Gupta, newly released from federal prison, will serve out remainder of his two-year sentence confined to his Manhattan home on Central Park West; had been convicted of insider trading in 2012.

Nations in the U.S.-led coalition fighting ISIS will gather next month in Brussels, to focus on reconstruction in recaptured areas and on countering ISIS propaganda. Nations in the U.S.-led coalition fighting ISIS will gather next month in Brussels, to focus on reconstruction in recaptured areas and on countering ISIS propaganda. 

Plus: Fivestory offers the Australian label Ellery, and discounts at Editorialist. Plus: Fivestory offers the Australian label Ellery, and discounts at Editorialist. 

A perk allows bank executives heading for top government jobs to be paid their unvested stock and equity awards when they leave. A perk allows bank executives heading for top government jobs to be paid their unvested stock and equity awards when they leave. 

Mr. Shkreli, a former Turing chief executive who has been criticized over drug pricing, was called to appear for a hearing to discuss pricing trends. Mr. Shkreli, a former Turing chief executive who has been criticized over drug pricing, was called to appear for a hearing to discuss pricing trends. Turing Pharmaceuticals founder Martin Shkreli is served subpoena to appear before House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform to discuss pricing trends and other developments in drug industry; it is unclear whether Shkreli, who has been charged with securities fraud, will show up to testify.

The Labor Department said its Consumer Price Index slipped 0.1 percent after being unchanged in November. The Labor Department said its Consumer Price Index slipped 0.1 percent after being unchanged in November. Labor Dept reports Consumer Price Index fell 0.1 percent in December after being flat in November; decline offers sign of weak inflation that suggests Federal Reserve may not raise interest rates in March. 

Penniless, Mr. Weidenfeld escaped the Nazi annexation of Austria and built a reputation as an international networker, party-giver and raconteur. Last year he created a fund to help persecuted Christian refugees from Syria. Penniless, Mr. Weidenfeld escaped the Nazi annexation of Austria and built a reputation as an international networker, party-giver and raconteur. Last year he created a fund to help persecuted Christian refugees from Syria. George Weidenfeld, Austrian who fled Nazi annexation for London where he succeeded as publisher and society figure best known for publishing Vladimir Nabokov's controversial book Lolita in Britain, dies at age 96. 

Just over 1 percent of the visitors overstay, said the report, on a subject that has drawn renewed interest in the wake of the killings in San Bernardino, Calif., in December. Just over 1 percent of the visitors overstay, said the report, on a subject that has drawn renewed interest in the wake of the killings in San Bernardino, Calif., in December. Dept of Homeland Security report finds just over 1 percent of nearly 45 million visitors to United States overstayed their work or tourist visas in 2015; cases in which those guilty of terrorist activity violated visas prompted report, which officials say will be completed annually moving forward.

A dig in Kenya has uncovered the remains of a slaughter from 10,000 years ago, suggesting that warfare may have existed even before humans began agriculture. A dig in Kenya has uncovered the remains of a slaughter from 10,000 years ago, suggesting that warfare may have existed even before humans began agriculture. Scientists, in study published in journal Nature, report that human skeletons estimated to be about 10,000 years old found around Lake Turkana in northern Kenya show signs of having been massacred by other humans; researchers say finding could be first evidence warfare preceded advent of agriculture, supporting theorists who believe human violence is deeply rooted in evolution.

The leader of a suspected cell was recruited online by Jawad Nasrallah, son of the Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah, according to the authorities. The leader of a suspected cell was recruited online by Jawad Nasrallah, son of the Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah, according to the authorities. 

Readers worry that the development of more precise nuclear weapons will encourage their use and set off a new arms race. Readers worry that the development of more precise nuclear weapons will encourage their use and set off a new arms race. 

Though she lost in the second round of the Australian Open, Bouchard is ahead of where she thought she would be after a concussion put her out of last year’s United States Open. Though she lost in the second round of the Australian Open, Bouchard is ahead of where she thought she would be after a concussion put her out of last year’s United States Open. Eugenie Bouchard, despite second-round loss at Australian Open tennis tournament, is surprising many with her dominant return since sustaining concussion in September 2015; has already won seven matches in first two weeks of 2016.

The decision, concerning sentencing procedures, returns the case to the Kansas Supreme Court, which may again vacate the death sentences. The decision, concerning sentencing procedures, returns the case to the Kansas Supreme Court, which may again vacate the death sentences. Supreme Court rules against Kansas inmates Sidney Gleason, Reginald D Carr and Jonathan D Carr, returning their case to Kansas Supreme Court that vacated their death sentences; decision revolves around sentencing procedures and does not significantly alter Supreme Court's jurisprudence on capital punishment, though majority opinion condemns brutality of murders committed by Carr brothers in 2000.

An animal rights activist says the deal announced by New York City is not enough. An animal rights activist says the deal announced by New York City is not enough. 

Mr. Palin’s girlfriend told the police that he punched her on the side of her head and threatened to fire a rifle, court and police documents said. Mr. Palin’s girlfriend told the police that he punched her on the side of her head and threatened to fire a rifle, court and police documents said. 

A former Polish dissident and his daughter agree with an editorial condemning recent anti-democratic measures in Poland. A former Polish dissident and his daughter agree with an editorial condemning recent anti-democratic measures in Poland. 

The proposed sale to Columbus Nova Technology Partners was driven by the need for funding for growth and to take on a continuing lawsuit brought by Hulk Hogan. The proposed sale to Columbus Nova Technology Partners was driven by the need for funding for growth and to take on a continuing lawsuit brought by Hulk Hogan. 

Trying to help integrate hundreds of thousands of newcomers into German society, the state broadcaster turned to cartoons, with bizarre results. Trying to help integrate hundreds of thousands of newcomers into German society, the state broadcaster turned to cartoons, with bizarre results. 

Stock, bond and especially commodity markets have swung in ways that suggest this is a perilous time, but the cause is puzzling. Stock, bond and especially commodity markets have swung in ways that suggest this is a perilous time, but the cause is puzzling. The Upshot Economic Trends; tumultuous stock, bond and commodity market swings in January 2016 are forcing investors to determine if it represents rational or irrational fear; it is unclear what is driving turmoil.

The ad is intended to undercut Mr. Cruz’s efforts to present himself as a true, unwavering conservative, and focuses on his changing stances on immigration, refugees, ethanol and trade. The ad is intended to undercut Mr. Cruz’s efforts to present himself as a true, unwavering conservative, and focuses on his changing stances on immigration, refugees, ethanol and trade. 

Danielle Bernstein has turned her college fashion blog into a growing lifestyle brand. Danielle Bernstein has turned her college fashion blog into a growing lifestyle brand. Danielle Bernstein, founder of fashion blog We Wore What, discusses plans to build her brand by creating shoe line and blog sections on travel and food.

In a 6-3 vote, the justices ruled that courts cannot dismiss such lawsuits simply because a defendant has offered to give the lead plaintiff everything he sought. In a 6-3 vote, the justices ruled that courts cannot dismiss such lawsuits simply because a defendant has offered to give the lead plaintiff everything he sought. Supreme Court rules, 6-3, in case involving unwanted text messages from Navy contractor Campbell-Ewald Co, that courts may not dismiss class-action lawsuits because defendant offers to give lead plaintiff everything he sought; decision strengthens ability to construct class-action lawsuits.

Staff compensation is down at Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, but with share prices also down, those who are paid in stock may get a great deal. Staff compensation is down at Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, but with share prices also down, those who are paid in stock may get a great deal. 

The editor in chief of the Science family of journals says “broad requests for disclosure risk exposing reviewers” who provide candid critiques. The editor in chief of the Science family of journals says “broad requests for disclosure risk exposing reviewers” who provide candid critiques. 

Secretary of State John Kerry and the Russian foreign minister, Sergey V. Lavrov, met to discuss disputes over the talks, which are scheduled to begin Monday. Secretary of State John Kerry and the Russian foreign minister, Sergey V. Lavrov, met to discuss disputes over the talks, which are scheduled to begin Monday. American and Russian diplomats meeting in Zurich fail to agree on who will represent opposition days before peace talks aimed at ending Syrian civil war are set to start; officials fear Pres Bashar al-Assad, whose position has bolstered position by Russian military support, will be less inclined to compromise.

Cindy Pollard, a star canvasser in Newton, has so far knocked on 1,500 doors in a quest to gather support for the Clinton campaign in a town where the reaction ranges from enthusiastic to hostile. Cindy Pollard, a star canvasser in Newton, has so far knocked on 1,500 doors in a quest to gather support for the Clinton campaign in a town where the reaction ranges from enthusiastic to hostile. Those canvassing for Hillary Clinton in Iowa face frigid temperatures, rejection, indecision and outright hostility as they carry out thankless job; door-to-door canvassing remains, nevertheless, one of most effective ways to turn out vote.

As using technology to monitor sleep and other activities rises in popularity, these mobile applications can help you gather and assess this information. As using technology to monitor sleep and other activities rises in popularity, these mobile applications can help you gather and assess this information. Kit Eaton App Smart column highlights apps to monitor daily activities, including sleep and exercise; points out they track personal habits and identify patterns.

The Salman case may be a better vehicle than a previous case for the Justice Department to argue that the court should take a broader view in finding that the passing of inside information is illegal. The Salman case may be a better vehicle than a previous case for the Justice Department to argue that the court should take a broader view in finding that the passing of inside information is illegal. 

Federal prosecutors in New Jersey said in a court filing that an agreement with Joshua Newman was reached after months of negotiations. Federal prosecutors in New Jersey said in a court filing that an agreement with Joshua Newman was reached after months of negotiations. 

As Spike Lee explains he did not call for a boycott, the actress questions “unconscious prejudice,” and George Clooney and Whoopi Goldberg speak out. As Spike Lee explains he did not call for a boycott, the actress questions “unconscious prejudice,” and George Clooney and Whoopi Goldberg speak out. 

In a letter to the World Economic Forum, Pope Francis wrote that “useful and dignified employment” opportunities had dwindled. In a letter to the World Economic Forum, Pope Francis wrote that “useful and dignified employment” opportunities had dwindled. 

In a recent attack in Somalia, the militants massacred as many as 100 Kenyan soldiers in a peacekeeping mission, seizing their equipment. In a recent attack in Somalia, the militants massacred as many as 100 Kenyan soldiers in a peacekeeping mission, seizing their equipment. Kenyan officials report attack by Shahab militants on Kenyan military base in Somalia, killing between 80 and 100 soldiers; bold shift from soft targets reflects extremist group's renewed focus and possible fledgling alliance with Islamic State; Kenyan government is under pressure to reconsider its Somalian presence.

Mr. Cruz became known among his fellow clerks for his death penalty advocacy and for dwelling on the lurid details of murders in his case summaries. Mr. Cruz became known among his fellow clerks for his death penalty advocacy and for dwelling on the lurid details of murders in his case summaries. Ted Cruz is remembered for his passionate interest in death penalty cases while working as Supreme Court clerk during Chief Justice Rehnquist's 1996 term; Cruz, who tended to dwell on lurid details of cases rather than offering dispassionate review, provoked irritation from some colleagues who bristled at his writing style; cause came to define Cruz's legal career and help him break into politics.

Evaluating the merits of Dashlane, 1Password, LastPass and other methods of keeping long lists of increasingly complex passwords safe and accessible. Evaluating the merits of Dashlane, 1Password, LastPass and other methods of keeping long lists of increasingly complex passwords safe and accessible. Tech Fix column; study by password management software developer SplashData finds consumers keep making riskiest choices with passwords by consistently using very simple ones; review of several apps that can help secure online accounts noted.

Two professors at the California Institute of Technology laid out an argument for the existence of a planet perhaps 4,500 times the mass of Pluto. Two professors at the California Institute of Technology laid out an argument for the existence of a planet perhaps 4,500 times the mass of Pluto. Astronomers Michael E Brown and Konstantin Baygin publish report in Astronomical Journal suggesting compelling evidence of ninth planet in solar system; planet is likely to be much larger than Earth if astronomers' calculations are correct.

Last year, Pakistan’s 51 cases of wild poliovirus represented the bulk of all 70 cases reported in the world. This year just might see the disease vanquished there. Last year, Pakistan’s 51 cases of wild poliovirus represented the bulk of all 70 cases reported in the world. This year just might see the disease vanquished there. 

In the 3-point shot’s first year, 1979-80, N.B.A. teams averaged less than three attempts a game. Now they’re averaging 24, and the shot is a vital part of every offense. In the 3-point shot’s first year, 1979-80, N.B.A. teams averaged less than three attempts a game. Now they’re averaging 24, and the shot is a vital part of every offense. Keeping Score column notes NBA introduced three-point line in 1979-80 season and it has been increasingly important part of game ever since.

New York and New England could be spared the brunt of the storm, but Washington is squarely in its path, meteorologists say. New York and New England could be spared the brunt of the storm, but Washington is squarely in its path, meteorologists say. 

Pork has become the latest weapon in a fight to preserve national identity after Randers, Denmark, voted to require day care centers and kindergartens to include it on menus. Pork has become the latest weapon in a fight to preserve national identity after Randers, Denmark, voted to require day care centers and kindergartens to include it on menus. Danish town decrees public day care centers and kindergartens must serve pork, continuing recent significant revisions to country's historically open immigration policies; supporters say move is effort to preserve Danish culture, while critics assert it is transparent attempt by rightists to needlessly and unfairly marginalize Muslims.

With record U.S. car sales last year, the trip is something of a victory lap. But the president was also expected to discuss the water crisis in Flint. With record U.S. car sales last year, the trip is something of a victory lap. But the president was also expected to discuss the water crisis in Flint. Pres Obama visits Detroit to draw attention to his administration's role in resurgence of automobile industry as part of ongoing attempt to refute Republican narrative of America in decline; also seeks to address water pollution crisis in Flint, Mich, but does not visit there during trip.

Satellite images show that monastery of St. Elijah, a sanctuary more than 1,400 years old, was probably razed to rubble in August or September 2014. Satellite images show that monastery of St. Elijah, a sanctuary more than 1,400 years old, was probably razed to rubble in August or September 2014. Islamic State demolishes St Elijah's monastery in Mosul, Iraq; destruction of 1,400-year-old structure, one of oldest Christian sites in Iraq, is latest step in extremist group's campaign to eradicate rival religions from region.

The Taliban targeted employees of a media company after threatening in October to attack it. At least seven people were killed and dozens wounded. The Taliban targeted employees of a media company after threatening in October to attack it. At least seven people were killed and dozens wounded. Taliban suicide attack in Kabul kills six employees of Afghan TV production company and one other person; fulfills extremist group's earlier promise to attack Afghan TV stations after news broadcast reporting rape of female students in Kunduz by militants.

Senator Rand Paul pushed the Kentucky Republican Party to hold its first presidential caucus, but some are asking if he should focus on getting re-elected instead. Senator Rand Paul pushed the Kentucky Republican Party to hold its first presidential caucus, but some are asking if he should focus on getting re-elected instead. Kentucky Sen Rand Paul's attempt to skirt state law disallowing candidate from being on two ballots at once may backfire; is likely to appear on caucus ballot for presidential race he has little chance of winning, which could put him in awkward position of losing contest he engineered; Paul continues to persist in bid for White House despite widespread sentiment he should focus on Senate.

Hans Dietmar Schweisgut, speaking at a news conference on economic matters, addressed the recent string of expulsions and detentions of Europeans. Hans Dietmar Schweisgut, speaking at a news conference on economic matters, addressed the recent string of expulsions and detentions of Europeans. 

GIFs cannot just be uploaded directly to Facebook. Instead, they need to be linked to from their location on the web. GIFs cannot just be uploaded directly to Facebook. Instead, they need to be linked to from their location on the web. 

Ms. Young, the choreographer and artist, talks about playing Sophocles’ heroine in her new work at New York Live Arts. Ms. Young, the choreographer and artist, talks about playing Sophocles’ heroine in her new work at New York Live Arts. 

The annual series at the Film Society of Lincoln Center will feature an international roster of films often culled from festivals. The annual series at the Film Society of Lincoln Center will feature an international roster of films often culled from festivals. 

Mrs. Palin returned to the campaign trail with her rousing speech in support of Donald J. Trump. But some of her expressions left the audience puzzled. Mrs. Palin returned to the campaign trail with her rousing speech in support of Donald J. Trump. But some of her expressions left the audience puzzled. 

Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said the assault that followed the execution of a Shiite cleric in Saudi Arabia was “detrimental to the country and Islam.” Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said the assault that followed the execution of a Shiite cleric in Saudi Arabia was “detrimental to the country and Islam.” Iran's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei condemns attack on Saudi Arabian embassy in Tehran following Saudi Arabia's execution of dissident Shiite cleric; remarks made ahead of meeting between regional leaders also expressed support for committee that disqualified reformist parliamentary candidates in upcoming elections.

A spokeswoman for Condé Nast said she would become “creative editor at large,” doing “several” stories a year for the glossy and exploring outside opportunities. A spokeswoman for Condé Nast said she would become “creative editor at large,” doing “several” stories a year for the glossy and exploring outside opportunities. Grace Coddington plans to reduce her role at American Vogue from creative director to 'creative editor at large', signalling possible directional change at world's most famous fashion magazine.

The smallest bits of news can bring a wave of coverage that reshapes the race at a crucial stage. The smallest bits of news can bring a wave of coverage that reshapes the race at a crucial stage. 

The venture capital firm points to growth in enterprise software companies and health care information technology businesses. The venture capital firm points to growth in enterprise software companies and health care information technology businesses. 

While the dispute raised tensions between the neighbors, it did not approach levels seen in 2014, when anti-China demonstrations turned into deadly riots. While the dispute raised tensions between the neighbors, it did not approach levels seen in 2014, when anti-China demonstrations turned into deadly riots. Vietnamese officials condemn installation of Chinese oil rig in disputed region of South China Sea, recalling similar standoff over same rig, leading to fatal 2014 riot; complaint, which China denies, comes after series of Chinese incursions into Vietnamese territory, and coincides with transfer of power within Vietnam's ruling Communist Party.

Part of the colony, where the bank robber Willie Sutton once hid, is being sold to a developer who will create housing for older adults and open space for the public. Part of the colony, where the bank robber Willie Sutton once hid, is being sold to a developer who will create housing for older adults and open space for the public. David W Dunlap Building Blocks column notes approval by New York City Council of plan from city's Economic Development Corporation to sell about half of historic Farm Colony on Staten Island to Raymond Masucci for $1; developer will build total of 344 condominiums on parts of 96-acre campus and has agreed to create 17 acres of landscaped open space for public. 

Women are struggling to reconcile Mrs. Clinton’s championing of women’s issues with reports of her previous efforts to undercut those who accused her husband of sexual misconduct. Women are struggling to reconcile Mrs. Clinton’s championing of women’s issues with reports of her previous efforts to undercut those who accused her husband of sexual misconduct. Some feminist voters express misgivings over Hillary Rodham Clinton's efforts in 1990s to discredit women who said they had affairs with or been sexually assaulted by Bill Clinton; impulse to protect her husband and his political career has come to haunt Clinton in era where efforts to disparage victims of sexual assault has been criticized.

A 60-second ad titled “This House” presents Mrs. Clinton as the “one candidate for president who has everything it takes to do every part of the job.” A 60-second ad titled “This House” presents Mrs. Clinton as the “one candidate for president who has everything it takes to do every part of the job.” 

After the Paris terrorist attacks, hip-hop artists are clashing perhaps more than ever with the country’s expanding and vituperative far right. After the Paris terrorist attacks, hip-hop artists are clashing perhaps more than ever with the country’s expanding and vituperative far right. Political rappers living in France's isolated low-income housing projects, many of them Muslims of Arab and African descent, struggle to connect with France's political and social tilt rightward following 2015 Paris terror attacks; their songs aim to hold France accountable to its professed  secular liberal values by critiquing country's political elite and social conditions.

The Democratic race is heating up, but she has already won a major battle: Clothes are no longer part of the conversation. The Democratic race is heating up, but she has already won a major battle: Clothes are no longer part of the conversation. Hillary Clinton seems to have shifted conversation away from her clothes after 23 years in national politics by wearing ensembles so nondescript they provoke little commentary.

By just about every metric, Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google and Microsoft are getting larger, more entrenched in their own sectors, more powerful in new sectors and better protected from competition. By just about every metric, Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google and Microsoft are getting larger, more entrenched in their own sectors, more powerful in new sectors and better protected from competition. Farhad Manjoo State of the Art column says Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google and Microsoft are 'Frightful 5' tech companies positioned to dominate digital landscape for long time; points out they are becoming bigger, more entrenched and better protected from competition.

The major indexes in the United States were all down more than 3 percent but then staged a turnaround in the final hour. The major indexes in the United States were all down more than 3 percent but then staged a turnaround in the final hour. Dow Jones industrial average plummets more than 500 points, before recovering later in day for loss of 249 points, or 1.56 percent, to 15,766.74; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index falls 22 points, or 1.17 percent; turnaround could signal bottom on markets.

The company expects fourth-quarter earnings to fall by about half, before a vote next week on its deal to acquire BG Group. Oil prices were down nearly 7 percent. The company expects fourth-quarter earnings to fall by about half, before a vote next week on its deal to acquire BG Group. Oil prices were down nearly 7 percent. Royal Dutch Shell forecasts its fourth-quarter profit will be about half of what it was in year-ago quarter, dropping between $1.6 billion and $1.9 billion from $3.3. billion in 2014, due to plunging oil prices.

A day before a planned meeting with Chinese officials, a senior State Department envoy urged Beijing to do more to curb the North’s nuclear ambitions. A day before a planned meeting with Chinese officials, a senior State Department envoy urged Beijing to do more to curb the North’s nuclear ambitions. Top American diplomat announces United States and its allies will increase sanctions against North Korea if China does not make stronger effort to help curb North's nuclear plans.

Every year, a few dozen start-up founders receive an invitation to the World Economic Forum for the opportunity to build connections with the global elite. Every year, a few dozen start-up founders receive an invitation to the World Economic Forum for the opportunity to build connections with the global elite. Several dozen start-up founders attend World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, giving them opportunity to network with business elites.

At least 20 people were gunned down, reviving the trauma and outrage from a deadly attack on a school in Peshawar in 2014. At least 20 people were gunned down, reviving the trauma and outrage from a deadly attack on a school in Peshawar in 2014. At least four Taliban attackers stage attack on Bacha Khan University in Charsadda, Pakistan, killing at least 20 people; officials say attackers were killed before being able to detonate their suicide vests; attempt comes after year in which Taliban in country had been marginalized, and raises concerns that insurgency maintains ability to carry out brutal attacks.

The department is aiming to define the rules about which firm is responsible for complying with laws when two companies are attached to the same worker. The department is aiming to define the rules about which firm is responsible for complying with laws when two companies are attached to the same worker. Labor Dept issues guidance in attempt to define rules for when two companies are attached to same worker, in particular to clarify who is responsible for violations of employment laws; guidelines are offered as arguments in pending case involving McDonald's.

The pop star on hair extensions, spray tans and lots and lots of faux lashes. The pop star on hair extensions, spray tans and lots and lots of faux lashes. English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding, who is collaborating on makeup line with MAC Cosmetics, shares reasons for her fascination with makeup.

The young Instagram stars dominated the scene at the men’s wear shows. The young Instagram stars dominated the scene at the men’s wear shows. Lucky Blue Smith and Cameron Dallas, American models with millions of social media followers, draw hordes of admirers at Milan Fashion Week.

Delayed because of the blizzard? What to do (and where to eat, do yoga, or charge your phone) at 10 major American airports. Delayed because of the blizzard? What to do (and where to eat, do yoga, or charge your phone) at 10 major American airports. 

GQ magazine hosted a dinner for about 120 dapperly dressed guests, including Lucky Blue Smith. GQ magazine hosted a dinner for about 120 dapperly dressed guests, including Lucky Blue Smith. 

Twenty-three Bhutanese refugees have taken part in a state program, learning to be milkers at a state college and then getting jobs on local farms in Western New York. Twenty-three Bhutanese refugees have taken part in a state program, learning to be milkers at a state college and then getting jobs on local farms in Western New York. 

What you need to know about the contenders in one quick rundown. What you need to know about the contenders in one quick rundown. 

Far from the traditional whites, vibrant colors worthy of a rainbow are the style this year at the Australian Open. Far from the traditional whites, vibrant colors worthy of a rainbow are the style this year at the Australian Open. 

Photos posted this week on @nytimes took followers from the campaign trail to the aptly named Jellyfish Lake. Photos posted this week on @nytimes took followers from the campaign trail to the aptly named Jellyfish Lake. 

 Kameron Austin Collins brings the old and the new together in today’s puzzle. Kameron Austin Collins brings the old and the new together in today’s puzzle.

 William Edmondson’s limestone sculpture “Boxer” brought $785,000 in the Outsider Art sale at Christie’s on Friday. William Edmondson’s limestone sculpture “Boxer” brought $785,000 in the Outsider Art sale at Christie’s on Friday.

Follow the Times video journalist A. J. Chavar as he takes a bike ride to the Capitol as a blizzard took hold of Washington on Friday. Follow the Times video journalist A. J. Chavar as he takes a bike ride to the Capitol as a blizzard took hold of Washington on Friday. 

 Why the radio silence. Why the radio silence.

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

 Photos from Serbia, Ukraine, India and the United States. Photos from Serbia, Ukraine, India and the United States.

Serbia and More — Pictures of the Day Serbia and More — Pictures of the Day 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

Anti-abortion activists took part in a March for Life event near the National Mall on the anniversary of the decision in Roe v. Wade. Anti-abortion activists took part in a March for Life event near the National Mall on the anniversary of the decision in Roe v. Wade. 

Berluti presents men’s wear looks for next fall. Berluti presents men’s wear looks for next fall. 

The designer Kim Jones celebrated the City of Light with his fall/winter 2016 collection for the French fashion house. Many models wore berets. The designer Kim Jones celebrated the City of Light with his fall/winter 2016 collection for the French fashion house. Many models wore berets. 

With on-camera interviews, behind-the-scenes footage and exclusive access to fashion designers and insiders, T Magazine explores the vast world of fashion. With on-camera interviews, behind-the-scenes footage and exclusive access to fashion designers and insiders, T Magazine explores the vast world of fashion. 

As the East Coast prepared for a major winter storm, many parts of the United States were already being blanketed by snow. As the East Coast prepared for a major winter storm, many parts of the United States were already being blanketed by snow. 

 Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Ron Lieber, C.J. Chivers and others. Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Ron Lieber, C.J. Chivers and others.

The designer was inspired by the graphic designer Wes Wilson’s ’60s posters, synonymous with the peace movement of the time. The designer was inspired by the graphic designer Wes Wilson’s ’60s posters, synonymous with the peace movement of the time. 

 The last picture show features work by Donald Moffett alongside that of the Arte Povera artist Pino Pascali The last picture show features work by Donald Moffett alongside that of the Arte Povera artist Pino Pascali

A discussion on the movement, which is a big and vague tendency in dance music. A discussion on the movement, which is a big and vague tendency in dance music. 

Givenchy’s fall 2016 men’s collection. Givenchy’s fall 2016 men’s collection. 

Mr. Bozic, the legendary Fanelli’s bartender, was known for his outlandish exploits, usually self-reported. They couldn’t possibly all be true. Or could they? Mr. Bozic, the legendary Fanelli’s bartender, was known for his outlandish exploits, usually self-reported. They couldn’t possibly all be true. Or could they? 

 His Twitter account is starting to build a reputation for promoting the work of bigots. His Twitter account is starting to build a reputation for promoting the work of bigots.

Mr. Rutenberg, who has covered media and business as well as politics, talks about gearing up for the new job. Mr. Rutenberg, who has covered media and business as well as politics, talks about gearing up for the new job. 

 Gov. Chris Christie scrapped his plans to wait out the expected snowstorm in New Hampshire on Friday and instead headed back to his home state of New Jersey to oversee a potential worse weather emergency there. Gov. Chris Christie scrapped his plans to wait out the expected snowstorm in New Hampshire on Friday and instead headed back to his home state of New Jersey to oversee a potential worse weather emergency there.

At the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, on Friday, Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter said that he wanted to see Turkey do more in the fight against the Islamic State. He also discussed peace in Asia. At the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, on Friday, Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter said that he wanted to see Turkey do more in the fight against the Islamic State. He also discussed peace in Asia. 

 Glenn Adamson, director of the Museum of Arts and Design in Manhattan, has announced he will be stepping down. Glenn Adamson, director of the Museum of Arts and Design in Manhattan, has announced he will be stepping down.

Rei Kawakubo’s vision for fall 2016 men’s. Rei Kawakubo’s vision for fall 2016 men’s. 

 House Democrats will huddle next week in Baltimore at a three-day strategy session that will include speeches by President Obama, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and the comedian Trevor Noah. House Democrats will huddle next week in Baltimore at a three-day strategy session that will include speeches by President Obama, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and the comedian Trevor Noah.

The retailing behemoth was found to have violated labor laws when it dismissed workers who went on strike, and must offer to rehire them and compensate for lost wages. The retailing behemoth was found to have violated labor laws when it dismissed workers who went on strike, and must offer to rehire them and compensate for lost wages. National Labor Relations Board Judge Geoffrey Carter rules Walmart Stores unlawfully retaliated against workers who participated in strikes in 2013 and must offer to reinstate 16 dismissed employees.

The designer said backstage at his show, “I wanted to do something pure with this collection — pull back and purify and simplify.” The designer said backstage at his show, “I wanted to do something pure with this collection — pull back and purify and simplify.” 

A satellite image from NASA shows the extent of the huge winter storm that blanketed the East Coast with snow on Saturday. A satellite image from NASA shows the extent of the huge winter storm that blanketed the East Coast with snow on Saturday. 

 Hillary Clinton told an Iowa newspaper that she has no regrets about the millions of dollars in fees she has made by giving speeches to banking and financial companies. “Anybody who thinks they can buy me doesn’t know me,” she said. Hillary Clinton told an Iowa newspaper that she has no regrets about the millions of dollars in fees she has made by giving speeches to banking and financial companies. “Anybody who thinks they can buy me doesn’t know me,” she said.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: German politicians praise the quality of American pork in Parliament in 1891. From the International Herald Tribune archives: German politicians praise the quality of American pork in Parliament in 1891.

This nimono, or braised root vegetable stew, is the perfect way to use up the last of your winter C.S.A. box. This nimono, or braised root vegetable stew, is the perfect way to use up the last of your winter C.S.A. box. 

Grace Coddington’s next act, a Sephora incubator and McQueen: the movie. Grace Coddington’s next act, a Sephora incubator and McQueen: the movie. 

The men’s wear brand enlisted Scott Campbell to create five original designs for its fall/winter 2016 shoes, leather goods and clothing. The men’s wear brand enlisted Scott Campbell to create five original designs for its fall/winter 2016 shoes, leather goods and clothing. 

We’re being told the students killed by the Taliban laid down their lives for the sake of our future. But weren’t they our future? We’re being told the students killed by the Taliban laid down their lives for the sake of our future. But weren’t they our future? 

The activist and author shares the titles she’d most want with her on a desert island. The activist and author shares the titles she’d most want with her on a desert island. Activist and author Gloria Steinem shares 10 books she would bring if marooned on desert island. 

Ahead of this weekend’s impending snowstorm, we round up the slickest, furriest, most desirable designs from the fall/winter ’16 runways. Ahead of this weekend’s impending snowstorm, we round up the slickest, furriest, most desirable designs from the fall/winter ’16 runways. 

 Donald J. Trump has regained momentum in Iowa two weeks before the state’s caucuses, and many voters cite his bravado and willingness to assail political correctness, more than his policy proposals, as the main reasons. Donald J. Trump has regained momentum in Iowa two weeks before the state’s caucuses, and many voters cite his bravado and willingness to assail political correctness, more than his policy proposals, as the main reasons.

To show his fall/winter 2016 collection, the designer sourced diverse models from around the globe — via Instagram. To show his fall/winter 2016 collection, the designer sourced diverse models from around the globe — via Instagram. 

With a blizzard in the Northeast expected to disrupt travel, passengers should review airline policies regarding flight cancellations. With a blizzard in the Northeast expected to disrupt travel, passengers should review airline policies regarding flight cancellations. 

Need a weekend project? Try Sam Sifton’s recipe for the classic French dish. Need a weekend project? Try Sam Sifton’s recipe for the classic French dish. 

Fall 2016 designs from Mihara Yasuhiro. Fall 2016 designs from Mihara Yasuhiro. 

The collisions of art worlds at this year’s show at the Park Avenue Armory are greater than ever because the cutoff date for material has been moved to the present from 1969. The collisions of art worlds at this year’s show at the Park Avenue Armory are greater than ever because the cutoff date for material has been moved to the present from 1969. Roberta Smith reviews 2016 Winter Antiques Show at Park Avenue Armory. 

 A glimpse into a political family’s dynamics, as Jeb Bush is asked on the campaign trail why he isn’t using his brother George W. and father, George — two former presidents — to bolster his own cause in the 2016 race. A glimpse into a political family’s dynamics, as Jeb Bush is asked on the campaign trail why he isn’t using his brother George W. and father, George — two former presidents — to bolster his own cause in the 2016 race.

Alex Vega has customized automobiles for hundreds of athletes and performers. Can you match the ride with its owner? Alex Vega has customized automobiles for hundreds of athletes and performers. Can you match the ride with its owner? 

 The gilded bronze Baptistery doors with their 28 panels have been replaced with a replicas made by a team of artisans using the materials and techniques mastered centuries ago in a Renaissance workshop. The gilded bronze Baptistery doors with their 28 panels have been replaced with a replicas made by a team of artisans using the materials and techniques mastered centuries ago in a Renaissance workshop.

 The group occupying federal land in Oregon now claims to be concerned about the storage of Native American artifacts. The group occupying federal land in Oregon now claims to be concerned about the storage of Native American artifacts.

 The global head of policy for the room-booking service told his audience at the United States Conference of Mayors: Work with us, and we will collect millions of dollars in taxes. The global head of policy for the room-booking service told his audience at the United States Conference of Mayors: Work with us, and we will collect millions of dollars in taxes.

 A firebrand director stages “Eugene Onegin” in Berlin; an exhibition in London looks at artistic depictions of gardens; and a touring music festival brings indie groups to cities in Australia and beyond. A firebrand director stages “Eugene Onegin” in Berlin; an exhibition in London looks at artistic depictions of gardens; and a touring music festival brings indie groups to cities in Australia and beyond.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: British armed forces number 4 million men in 1941 From the International Herald Tribune archives: British armed forces number 4 million men in 1941

 As the Democratic presidential primary race has taken a harsher turn in the last few days, Hillary Clinton will try to focus on the group of supporters she hopes will lift her candidacy — women — as she campaigns in New Hampshire. As the Democratic presidential primary race has taken a harsher turn in the last few days, Hillary Clinton will try to focus on the group of supporters she hopes will lift her candidacy — women — as she campaigns in New Hampshire.

Seeking a mourning card, a shopper discovered that it was easier to find a printed expression of grief if the dear departed weren’t human. Seeking a mourning card, a shopper discovered that it was easier to find a printed expression of grief if the dear departed weren’t human. 

Fall 2016 men’s wear designs from John Galliano. Fall 2016 men’s wear designs from John Galliano. 

Sandy Powell is in the rare position of being nominated twice in the same category this year. Sandy Powell is in the rare position of being nominated twice in the same category this year. 

 The increasingly fragile détente between Donald J. Trump and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas crumbled on Friday in a burst of negative advertisements and counter-attacks. The sparring came as Mr. Trump moved aggressively to derail Mr. Cruz’s chances of winning the Iowa caucuses in 10 days. The increasingly fragile détente between Donald J. Trump and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas crumbled on Friday in a burst of negative advertisements and counter-attacks. The sparring came as Mr. Trump moved aggressively to derail Mr. Cruz’s chances of winning the Iowa caucuses in 10 days.

"Cycle Revolution" at the Design Museum of London charts the growth of bike use in the city, along with the engineering, fashion and cultures of what it calls bike tribes. "Cycle Revolution" at the Design Museum of London charts the growth of bike use in the city, along with the engineering, fashion and cultures of what it calls bike tribes. 

The latest designs from Junya Watanabe. The latest designs from Junya Watanabe. 

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

A year after explaining to readers in elementary language what the World Wide Web was, The Times jumped in for itself. It hasn’t been the same since. A year after explaining to readers in elementary language what the World Wide Web was, The Times jumped in for itself. It hasn’t been the same since. 

 Though a winter storm is expected to dump as much as two feet of snow on the Capitol, an area that does not handle snow well, it is not expected to have a significant impact on campaign events in New Hampshire. Though a winter storm is expected to dump as much as two feet of snow on the Capitol, an area that does not handle snow well, it is not expected to have a significant impact on campaign events in New Hampshire.

 Test your knowledge of this week’s health news. Test your knowledge of this week’s health news.

Friday: Winter weather, the mayor’s budget, and a Nobel laureate’s birthday. Friday: Winter weather, the mayor’s budget, and a Nobel laureate’s birthday. 

 Hillary Clinton’s Opponents Attack Her Paid Speeches to Wall Street | Funds Roll in for Start-Up Harnessing Bitcoin Tech Hillary Clinton’s Opponents Attack Her Paid Speeches to Wall Street | Funds Roll in for Start-Up Harnessing Bitcoin Tech

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 A way to work out and also have fun — adapted for the pool. A way to work out and also have fun — adapted for the pool.

What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including new rail service between London and Paris and an app for passport renewal. What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including new rail service between London and Paris and an app for passport renewal. In Transit blog; Festival Hall Baden-Baden, opera house in Germany's eponymous spa town, is offering deluxe travel package for visitors planning to attend performance of Tristan und Isolde; production, which debuts in March, is in partnership with Metropolitan Opera House in New York City. 

More than two feet of snow could hit the Washington region starting Friday. The storm is moving north, with a foot or more of snow expected in New York. More than two feet of snow could hit the Washington region starting Friday. The storm is moving north, with a foot or more of snow expected in New York. 

 Are there better ways to find the best candidates without jeopardizing high school students’ mental health? Are there better ways to find the best candidates without jeopardizing high school students’ mental health?

A rat abandoned on the West Side Highway last summer reaches the bright lights of Broadway. A rat abandoned on the West Side Highway last summer reaches the bright lights of Broadway. 

 How did the shot transform from being a “rarely used weapon” to a “vital part of every team’s offense”? How did the shot transform from being a “rarely used weapon” to a “vital part of every team’s offense”?

 The philosopher and author of “The Rebel” recognized that killing was, at times, unavoidable. The philosopher and author of “The Rebel” recognized that killing was, at times, unavoidable.

Exploring the details of how Bernie Sanders’s single-payer health plan would be paid for. Exploring the details of how Bernie Sanders’s single-payer health plan would be paid for. The Upshot; Sen Bernie Sanders has proposed health care plan that relies on idea that has long been unfashionable in United States, namely that all Americans should pay higher taxes to pay for new, expensive health care service from federal government that requires no deductibles or co-pays; key to Sanders's argument is that his plan substitutes high fees citizens pay to health insurers with taxes.

With markets tumbling, politicians need to get real about fixing the issues that threaten our stability. With markets tumbling, politicians need to get real about fixing the issues that threaten our stability. Op-Ed article by economist Mohamed A El-Erian asserts United States economy is set to become pressing issue in election season and warns continued reliance on Federal Reserve to shore up economy will result in continued instability; contends broad policy response is needed to truly strengthen economy, action that has been absent under dysfunctional Congress; holds new presidential administration will have to find way to motivate lawmakers to carry out needed reforms.

The sense of powerlessness that is sweeping our nation and the world can only be addressed by rebuilding our institutions. The sense of powerlessness that is sweeping our nation and the world can only be addressed by rebuilding our institutions. David Brooks Op-Ed column submits that sense of powerlessness has taken hold in American politics and elsewhere in world; argues increased isolation and atomization has prompted people, from terrorists in Middle East to Congressional lawmakers, to respond to feeling of impotence with pointless acts of self-destruction; warns disenfranchised electorate is being drawn to wrong presidential candidates.

Idealism is nice, but it’s not a virtue without tough minded realism. Idealism is nice, but it’s not a virtue without tough minded realism. Paul Krugman Op-Ed column argues both Democrats and Republicans are laboring under idea that radical agenda, if presented compellingly enough, will be embraced by American voters; holds political pragmatism is needed to enact change, and idealism is not virtue unless paired with realism; warns brand of idealism espoused by Bernie Sanders may not ultimately be effective.

Are you still reading this? Great. What about now? Are you still reading this? Great. What about now? 

Newly released emails reveal an appalling lack of urgency in responding to Flint’s water problems. Newly released emails reveal an appalling lack of urgency in responding to Flint’s water problems. Editorial criticizes Michigan officials for their cynical and callous indifference to poor, mostly black residents of Flint, as evidenced by emails on city's water crisis released by Gov Rick Snyder; charges officials with ignoring clear warning signs and holds outrage is only reasonable response to man-made calamity; calls for release of more information.

With reconstruction about to begin, funds from the Neediest Cases helps a woman move to temporary housing. With reconstruction about to begin, funds from the Neediest Cases helps a woman move to temporary housing. Editorial applauds Shorefront YM-YWHA of Brighton-Manhattan Beach, a beneficiary agency of UJA-Federation of New York, which receives support from The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, for helping Linda Vergara with expenses incurred during Hurricane Sandy; charges New York City's Build It Back program has been bureaucratic nightmare for people like Vergara; encourages donations to Neediest Cases Fund.

The prime minister brings his youthful appeal and optimistic messages to the World Economic Forum. The prime minister brings his youthful appeal and optimistic messages to the World Economic Forum. 

 Victor Dragonetti’s street scenes are colorful, and complex, with an air of mystery that evokes different responses from viewers. Victor Dragonetti’s street scenes are colorful, and complex, with an air of mystery that evokes different responses from viewers.

Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany is under increasing pressure to change course on her refugee policy as more allies at home and abroad abandon her on the issue. Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany is under increasing pressure to change course on her refugee policy as more allies at home and abroad abandon her on the issue. Political allies abandon German Chancellor Angela Merkel after her decision to admit more than one million asylum seekers in 2015; experts assert future of European Union depends on Merkel's management of political crises within Germany, continent's strongest economy and politcal bellwether.

 Donald J. Trump called an impromptu news conference Thursday night in Nevada to criticize National Review, the conservative magazine that published a series of essays denouncing his candidacy. Donald J. Trump called an impromptu news conference Thursday night in Nevada to criticize National Review, the conservative magazine that published a series of essays denouncing his candidacy.

Corrections appearing in print on Friday, January 22, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Friday, January 22, 2016. 

Quotation of the Day for Friday, January 22, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Friday, January 22, 2016. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: The aftermath of a massacre in St. Petersburg. From the International Herald Tribune archives: The aftermath of a massacre in St. Petersburg.

Male angst goes on vacation in “Mad Dogs.” Anna Netrebko makes a Met debut. And the Marvel gang is back. Male angst goes on vacation in “Mad Dogs.” Anna Netrebko makes a Met debut. And the Marvel gang is back. 

As a teenager, Jonathan Diaz danced for money on New York City’s streets and subway trains. He has switched to acting, while trying to mend a relationship whose rupture left him out on his own. As a teenager, Jonathan Diaz danced for money on New York City’s streets and subway trains. He has switched to acting, while trying to mend a relationship whose rupture left him out on his own. Catholic Charities Archdiocese of New York, one of organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, helps Jonathan Diaz of Bronx buy furniture for shared apartment he hopes will help him start new life. 

 The former president distinguished his wife, Hillary Clinton, from Mr. Sanders on college tuition, foreign policy, tone, and their responses to the water crisis in Flint, Mich. The former president distinguished his wife, Hillary Clinton, from Mr. Sanders on college tuition, foreign policy, tone, and their responses to the water crisis in Flint, Mich.

 This word has appeared in 28 New York Times articles in the past year. This word has appeared in 28 New York Times articles in the past year.

FEINBERG--Jacob. Bone Marrow Registry co-Founder Jacob Feinberg dies at 87. The Feinberg Family and the Gift of Life Bone Marrow Foundation mourn the loss of the organization's co-founder, Jacob Feinberg. A CPA with Brout and Company and BDO, Jack later became a pioneer with his wife Arlene advancing the cause of bone marrow donor registration throughout the United States and abroad for the benefit of patients battling blood cancer. His efforts made possible bone marrow transplants for thousands of patients in need. The world is a better place thanks to Jack, a true hero, and his memory will live on through the lives he and Arlene saved together. He was the loving father of Jay, Steven, Edward of blessed memory and daughter-in-law Sheryl; loving grandfather of Shauna, Michelle and Skylar; brother of Robert and sister-in-law of Marty. Jack will be missed by the entire Gift of Life organization that he and Arlene created, and his countless friends and loving family. Contributions in Jack's memory may be made at www.giftoflife.org. 1/3 FEINBERG--Jacob. Bone Marrow Registry co-Founder Jacob Feinberg dies at 87. The Feinberg Family and the Gift of Life Bone Marrow Foundation mourn the loss of the organization's co-founder, Jacob Feinberg. A CPA with Brout and Company and BDO, Jack later became a pioneer with his wife Arlene advancing the cause of bone marrow donor registration throughout the United States and abroad for the benefit of patients battling blood cancer. His efforts made possible bone marrow transplants for thousands of patients in need. The world is a better place thanks to Jack, a true hero, and his memory will live on through the lives he and Arlene saved together. He was the loving father of Jay, Steven, Edward of blessed memory and daughter-in-law Sheryl; loving grandfather of Shauna, Michelle and Skylar; brother of Robert and sister-in-law of Marty. Jack will be missed by the entire Gift of Life organization that he and Arlene created, and his countless friends and loving family. Contributions in Jack's memory may be made at www.giftoflife.org. 1/3 

CASTELLANOS--Elida, on January 21, 2016. Beloved wife the late Ambassador Rafael Castellanos. Loving mother of Rafael (Andria) Castellanos and the late Brenda (Paul) Schietroma. Cherished grandmother of Nae (Manuel) Breidenbach, Christina (Chad) Weaver, Rafael Castellanos and David Castellanos. Devoted great-grandmother of Nina and Courtney. Friends may call at Frank E. Campbell "The Funeral Chapel" 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street, today 2pm-5pm and 7pm-9pm. Mass of Christian burial, Saturday, 9am at St. Ignatius Loyola R.C. Church, 84th Street and Park Avenue, NYC. Interment to follow at Woodlawn Cemetery, Bronx, NY. In lieu of flowers, contributions in Mrs. Castellanos' memory may be made to the Central Park Medical Unit, PO Box 440 New York, NY 10028 or CPMU.com 1/3 CASTELLANOS--Elida, on January 21, 2016. Beloved wife the late Ambassador Rafael Castellanos. Loving mother of Rafael (Andria) Castellanos and the late Brenda (Paul) Schietroma. Cherished grandmother of Nae (Manuel) Breidenbach, Christina (Chad) Weaver, Rafael Castellanos and David Castellanos. Devoted great-grandmother of Nina and Courtney. Friends may call at Frank E. Campbell "The Funeral Chapel" 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street, today 2pm-5pm and 7pm-9pm. Mass of Christian burial, Saturday, 9am at St. Ignatius Loyola R.C. Church, 84th Street and Park Avenue, NYC. Interment to follow at Woodlawn Cemetery, Bronx, NY. In lieu of flowers, contributions in Mrs. Castellanos' memory may be made to the Central Park Medical Unit, PO Box 440 New York, NY 10028 or CPMU.com 1/3 

ABRAMS--Herbert, M.D. Eminent radiologist, co-founder of Physicians for Social Responsibility, scholar of nuclear disarmament and human error, and to us, a devoted and generous uncle and great-uncle. We will miss you forever. Peter Lazes, Marie Rudden, Daniel Levy, Andrew Lazes, and Adrienne Lazes 1/3 ABRAMS--Herbert, M.D. Eminent radiologist, co-founder of Physicians for Social Responsibility, scholar of nuclear disarmament and human error, and to us, a devoted and generous uncle and great-uncle. We will miss you forever. Peter Lazes, Marie Rudden, Daniel Levy, Andrew Lazes, and Adrienne Lazes 1/3 

BURZIN--Carol. Carol lost a long and courageous battle, but won the admiration, respect and love of everyone who knew her. She was kind and generous with an infectious laugh and smile that will always be remembered. She will be missed by all. Our deepest condolences to uncle Phil, Jeff, Karen, Sarah, Amy and Katie. Joel, Elaine, Beth, Jill and Robert Burzin 1/3 BURZIN--Carol. Carol lost a long and courageous battle, but won the admiration, respect and love of everyone who knew her. She was kind and generous with an infectious laugh and smile that will always be remembered. She will be missed by all. Our deepest condolences to uncle Phil, Jeff, Karen, Sarah, Amy and Katie. Joel, Elaine, Beth, Jill and Robert Burzin 1/3 

DEHANEY--Lauretta Virginia Smallwood, retired nurse, died peacefully at the age of 100 on January 11, 2016 in Bronx, NY. Beloved wife of the late Hilton DeHaney, she leaves to mourn a host of relatives and devoted friends. On Saturday, January 23rd, the family will receive friends at Christ Church (Episcopal) Riverdale prior to the service at 11am. An additional Memorial Service will be held on February 6, 2016 at St. Columba's Episcopal Church (Washington, DC) followed by the interment. 1/3 DEHANEY--Lauretta Virginia Smallwood, retired nurse, died peacefully at the age of 100 on January 11, 2016 in Bronx, NY. Beloved wife of the late Hilton DeHaney, she leaves to mourn a host of relatives and devoted friends. On Saturday, January 23rd, the family will receive friends at Christ Church (Episcopal) Riverdale prior to the service at 11am. An additional Memorial Service will be held on February 6, 2016 at St. Columba's Episcopal Church (Washington, DC) followed by the interment. 1/3 

ISSELBACHER--Marga Schiff, (June 6, 1927-January 17, 2016). Loving mother of Tina and Jesse Isselbacher and grandmother of Kassidy Isselbacher Marino, Haley Singleton and Samantha Isselbacher. Devoted widow of Henry Isselbacher and sister to Robert (Bob) Schiff. Born in Oberthulba, she immigrated to the United States from Badkissingen at the age of nine, when she was sent by her parents alone to escape Nazi Germany. Her life was filled with the joys of marriage, parenthood and friendship and she gave of herself without reservation and with deep affection. She will be sorely missed by her immediate family and her sisters-in-law and nieces and nephews as well as the numerous friends for whom she cared so much during her full life. 1/3 ISSELBACHER--Marga Schiff, (June 6, 1927-January 17, 2016). Loving mother of Tina and Jesse Isselbacher and grandmother of Kassidy Isselbacher Marino, Haley Singleton and Samantha Isselbacher. Devoted widow of Henry Isselbacher and sister to Robert (Bob) Schiff. Born in Oberthulba, she immigrated to the United States from Badkissingen at the age of nine, when she was sent by her parents alone to escape Nazi Germany. Her life was filled with the joys of marriage, parenthood and friendship and she gave of herself without reservation and with deep affection. She will be sorely missed by her immediate family and her sisters-in-law and nieces and nephews as well as the numerous friends for whom she cared so much during her full life. 1/3 

GARITY--Edward J. 1/22/96. Dear Dad, you were always there for me. Miss you and love you. Susie 1/3 GARITY--Edward J. 1/22/96. Dear Dad, you were always there for me. Miss you and love you. Susie 1/3 

KAHN--Walter. SAR mourns with deep sorrow the passing of Walter Kahn, beloved husband of Grace and father of Nathan (Sandy) Kahn, generous benefactors and leaders of our school community. Vivian (Gerald) Adler and Simon (Robin) Kahn, and grandfather of SAR Alumni Peter (Tova), Allison and Michael Kahn and Joseph Adler. May the family be comforted amongst the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. Jack C. Bendheim, President 1/3 KAHN--Walter. SAR mourns with deep sorrow the passing of Walter Kahn, beloved husband of Grace and father of Nathan (Sandy) Kahn, generous benefactors and leaders of our school community. Vivian (Gerald) Adler and Simon (Robin) Kahn, and grandfather of SAR Alumni Peter (Tova), Allison and Michael Kahn and Joseph Adler. May the family be comforted amongst the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. Jack C. Bendheim, President 1/3 

MEYERS--Donald I. Dr. Donald I. Meyers, a leader of the post-war generation of American psychoanalysts, renowned teacher and therapist, and beloved husband, father and grandfather, died on January 13, 2016. An exceptional researcher, teacher and doctor, Don, in loving partnership with his wife of 49 years, Helen, was an influential presence in the psychoanalytic world and a mentor to generations of psychiatrists and psychoanalysts. He was an accomplished therapist, specializing in child analysis, with one of the best reputations in NYC and around the world. As a Clinical Professor of Psychiatry and Training & Supervising Psychoanalyst, he was a pillar of the Columbia Center for Psychoanalytic Training and Research, Don had a significant impact on American psychoanalysis through his leadership at the American Psychoanalytic Association, where he opened the Association to a broader and more inclusive spectrum of ideas and practitioners. His academic work was in child psychiatry and child analysis. He was Director of Experimental Psychiatry at the Henry Ittleson Center for Child Research. Don was a loving husband, father, uncle and grandfather, and a beloved, loyal friend. He was devoted to his wife, Helen, who passed in 2010. He was universally loved for his sweet demeanor, generous spirit, silent strength, mischievous humor, encyclopedic musical knowledge, and uncommon empathy. All who knew him found understanding and comfort in his embrace. As a good friend has said, Don was all love. He is survived by his son Andrew, partner Fronda, sister Pat, granddaughters Rennie and Maddie, and nieces and nephews Erica, Lizzie, Jonathan, Peter, Ann, Skip, Janice, Sandy, Ken, Benjy, Susie and Judy. Services will be held at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home at 11:30am on Monday, January 25th. Donations may be sent to the APA Helen Meyers Traveling Scholar Committee, 309 East 49th St, NY, NY 10017. 1/3 MEYERS--Donald I. Dr. Donald I. Meyers, a leader of the post-war generation of American psychoanalysts, renowned teacher and therapist, and beloved husband, father and grandfather, died on January 13, 2016. An exceptional researcher, teacher and doctor, Don, in loving partnership with his wife of 49 years, Helen, was an influential presence in the psychoanalytic world and a mentor to generations of psychiatrists and psychoanalysts. He was an accomplished therapist, specializing in child analysis, with one of the best reputations in NYC and around the world. As a Clinical Professor of Psychiatry and Training & Supervising Psychoanalyst, he was a pillar of the Columbia Center for Psychoanalytic Training and Research, Don had a significant impact on American psychoanalysis through his leadership at the American Psychoanalytic Association, where he opened the Association to a broader and more inclusive spectrum of ideas and practitioners. His academic work was in child psychiatry and child analysis. He was Director of Experimental Psychiatry at the Henry Ittleson Center for Child Research. Don was a loving husband, father, uncle and grandfather, and a beloved, loyal friend. He was devoted to his wife, Helen, who passed in 2010. He was universally loved for his sweet demeanor, generous spirit, silent strength, mischievous humor, encyclopedic musical knowledge, and uncommon empathy. All who knew him found understanding and comfort in his embrace. As a good friend has said, Don was all love. He is survived by his son Andrew, partner Fronda, sister Pat, granddaughters Rennie and Maddie, and nieces and nephews Erica, Lizzie, Jonathan, Peter, Ann, Skip, Janice, Sandy, Ken, Benjy, Susie and Judy. Services will be held at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home at 11:30am on Monday, January 25th. Donations may be sent to the APA Helen Meyers Traveling Scholar Committee, 309 East 49th St, NY, NY 10017. 1/3 

COLBY--Marvelle (Seitman), 83, on January 19. Survived by her devoted husband, Selig Alkon, beloved children Lisa (Paul) and Eric (Ann), cherished grandchildren Owen, Jade and Ella. Proud graduate of Hunter College, with a DPA from Nova University, Professor Emerita from Marymount Manhattan College with a career in education and advocacy. 1/3 COLBY--Marvelle (Seitman), 83, on January 19. Survived by her devoted husband, Selig Alkon, beloved children Lisa (Paul) and Eric (Ann), cherished grandchildren Owen, Jade and Ella. Proud graduate of Hunter College, with a DPA from Nova University, Professor Emerita from Marymount Manhattan College with a career in education and advocacy. 1/3 

DAYTON--Robert. Robert Dayton, whose career spanned decades in support of a vibrant downtown Minneapolis, MN, died on January 17th. He was 73 years old. A great-grandson of the founder of Daytons, Bob carried on the family retail and community-oriented legacy. After graduating from Yale in 1964, Bob joined what was to become Dayton Hudson and then Target, rising to become General Merchandise Manager and then Vice President of Stores. While with Daytons, Bob attended the Program for Management Development at Harvard Business School. A merchandiser at heart, Bob became recognized for his deftness in identifying and supporting designers such as Calvin Klein and Ralph Lauren early in their careers. In 1977 Bob left Daytons and purchased Harold, an upscale specialty store for women. Working together with his wife Joanie, Bob restored its iconic status as a Minneapolis retail institution. In 1984 Bob spearheaded the development of The Conservatory, the first enclosed shopping complex in Minneapolis. Throughout his career Bob advocated for a thriving downtown and worked to strengthen the Twin Cities as a major league community through efforts to bring Superbowl XXVI to Minneapolis, keep the Timberwolves, and secure funding for a new outdoor Twins stadium. Bob served on several corporate boards including Northwestern National Bank, First American Funds, and Williams Sonoma. In 1992 Bob became CEO of Okabena, helping transform the Dayton family office into a nationally recognized leader in the then-nascent family office industry. Fiercely loyal to and enormously proud of the people and places he loved, Bob was committed to serving his community. He worked tirelessly on behalf of many non-profits including the Minneapolis Institute of Arts, Abbott Northwestern Hospital, the United Way, and Westminster Presbyterian Church. In addition, Bob served as a Trustee of the Blake School, Carlton College, and the University of Minnesota Foundation. In 1994 Bob founded and was later named Chair Emeritus of the Mentoring Partnership of Minnesota. Bob grew up in Wayzata, Minnesota and attended Blake, Eaglebrook, and Taft. While at Yale, Bob met his wife Joanie, then attending Skidmore College, on a blind date at the Dartmouth Winter Carnival. They were married in 1964 and had three boys. Bob enjoyed a number of hobbies, but none more so than golf. Beginning at Woodhill Country Club, his passion eventually extended east to Pine Valley and west to Cypress Point. He cofounded Spring Hill Golf Club and enjoyed playing in the U.S. Seniors. Bob will always be remembered for his warm heart, wonderful smile, infectious laughter, fantastic sense of humor, and tremendous spirit. He is survived by Joanie, his wife of 51 years, two brothers, three sons, and seven grandchildren. A memorial service will be held on February 18th at Westminster Presbyterian Church in Minneapolis. 1/3 DAYTON--Robert. Robert Dayton, whose career spanned decades in support of a vibrant downtown Minneapolis, MN, died on January 17th. He was 73 years old. A great-grandson of the founder of Daytons, Bob carried on the family retail and community-oriented legacy. After graduating from Yale in 1964, Bob joined what was to become Dayton Hudson and then Target, rising to become General Merchandise Manager and then Vice President of Stores. While with Daytons, Bob attended the Program for Management Development at Harvard Business School. A merchandiser at heart, Bob became recognized for his deftness in identifying and supporting designers such as Calvin Klein and Ralph Lauren early in their careers. In 1977 Bob left Daytons and purchased Harold, an upscale specialty store for women. Working together with his wife Joanie, Bob restored its iconic status as a Minneapolis retail institution. In 1984 Bob spearheaded the development of The Conservatory, the first enclosed shopping complex in Minneapolis. Throughout his career Bob advocated for a thriving downtown and worked to strengthen the Twin Cities as a major league community through efforts to bring Superbowl XXVI to Minneapolis, keep the Timberwolves, and secure funding for a new outdoor Twins stadium. Bob served on several corporate boards including Northwestern National Bank, First American Funds, and Williams Sonoma. In 1992 Bob became CEO of Okabena, helping transform the Dayton family office into a nationally recognized leader in the then-nascent family office industry. Fiercely loyal to and enormously proud of the people and places he loved, Bob was committed to serving his community. He worked tirelessly on behalf of many non-profits including the Minneapolis Institute of Arts, Abbott Northwestern Hospital, the United Way, and Westminster Presbyterian Church. In addition, Bob served as a Trustee of the Blake School, Carlton College, and the University of Minnesota Foundation. In 1994 Bob founded and was later named Chair Emeritus of the Mentoring Partnership of Minnesota. Bob grew up in Wayzata, Minnesota and attended Blake, Eaglebrook, and Taft. While at Yale, Bob met his wife Joanie, then attending Skidmore College, on a blind date at the Dartmouth Winter Carnival. They were married in 1964 and had three boys. Bob enjoyed a number of hobbies, but none more so than golf. Beginning at Woodhill Country Club, his passion eventually extended east to Pine Valley and west to Cypress Point. He cofounded Spring Hill Golf Club and enjoyed playing in the U.S. Seniors. Bob will always be remembered for his warm heart, wonderful smile, infectious laughter, fantastic sense of humor, and tremendous spirit. He is survived by Joanie, his wife of 51 years, two brothers, three sons, and seven grandchildren. A memorial service will be held on February 18th at Westminster Presbyterian Church in Minneapolis. 1/3 

IMMERMAN--Robert M.,76, died peacefully at home in Larchmont, NY on January 21, 2016, having miraculously survived brain cancer for 20 years. Loving and beloved husband of Minna for 50 years, proud father to daughters Gaby and Suzanne and "Papa" to grandson Emmet. Architect, sketch artist, avid gardener and cook, devoted member of the Larchmont Temple community, he was much respected, admired and loved by legions of family and friends. Services will be held at Larchmont Temple on Monday, January 25 at 10am. Interment at Mt. Hope Cemetery, Hastings-on-Hudson, NY. 1/3 IMMERMAN--Robert M.,76, died peacefully at home in Larchmont, NY on January 21, 2016, having miraculously survived brain cancer for 20 years. Loving and beloved husband of Minna for 50 years, proud father to daughters Gaby and Suzanne and "Papa" to grandson Emmet. Architect, sketch artist, avid gardener and cook, devoted member of the Larchmont Temple community, he was much respected, admired and loved by legions of family and friends. Services will be held at Larchmont Temple on Monday, January 25 at 10am. Interment at Mt. Hope Cemetery, Hastings-on-Hudson, NY. 1/3 

KLAGSBRUN--Daniel. 1/22/64 -1/26/88. Daniel today on your birthday, and every day we miss you deeply. Sending love and big hugs. TTMAB. 1/3 KLAGSBRUN--Daniel. 1/22/64 -1/26/88. Daniel today on your birthday, and every day we miss you deeply. Sending love and big hugs. TTMAB. 1/3 

YOURDON--Ed, died suddenly on January 20, 2016 as a result of complications from a blood infection. He was a luminary in the computer software field and widely known as the lead developer of the structured analysis/design methods of the 1970s. In June 1997, he was inducted to the Computer Hall of Fame. He is survived by his loving family. 1/3 YOURDON--Ed, died suddenly on January 20, 2016 as a result of complications from a blood infection. He was a luminary in the computer software field and widely known as the lead developer of the structured analysis/design methods of the 1970s. In June 1997, he was inducted to the Computer Hall of Fame. He is survived by his loving family. 1/3 

ISRAEL--Gloria (nee Rand), January 20, 2016. Wife of the late Norman Israel. Mother of Nina Israel Zucker and Adam Israel. Survived by five grandchildren. Services and burial in Cherry Hill, NJ. 1/3 ISRAEL--Gloria (nee Rand), January 20, 2016. Wife of the late Norman Israel. Mother of Nina Israel Zucker and Adam Israel. Survived by five grandchildren. Services and burial in Cherry Hill, NJ. 1/3 

ZIELENZIGER--Dr. Ruth, who helped change how Conservative Jews in America are taught the Bible, and inspired some of Israel's most enduring poetry of love while a young woman, died Thursday at the RiverWalk independent living facility of the Hebrew Home in the Bronx, one day shy of her 93rd birthday. Awarded her Doctorate of Hebrew Literature at age 66, Dr. Zielenziger was instrumental in creating the curriculum for teaching the books of Genesis and Exodus in Conservative Judaism at the Melton Research Center of the Jewish Theological Seminary in New York City. The Melton program emphasized critical inquiry and the study of Bible for character education. She was a proponent of studying the creation myths and texts of other Middle Eastern cultures in order to better understand the context in which the Bible was written. Born in London, the daughter of Leo and Lola Herrmann, ardent Zionists, she grew up in Jerusalem before the founding of the Jewish state, and served as an ambulance driver and chauffeur in the British Army during World War II, where her fluency in Hebrew, English and German was invaluable. After the War, she attended the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, where she met a German emigre and fellow student, Yehuda Pfeuffer, whom she renamed Yehuda Amichai. Amichai went on to become Israel's most celebrated poet, and the first drafts of many of his most enduring poems were composed as letters exchanged between the two. Amichai's letters to Dr. Zielenziger are now archived at Ben Gurion University in Israel. She moved to New York in 1947, to study at the Teachers Institute of the Seminary. While in New York she met and subsequently married Eric W. Zielenziger, a German Jewish survivor of the Holocaust who escaped the Nazis by living underground in Amsterdam for more than two years. They had two children. For 34 years, Dr. Zielenziger taught education at the Jewish Theological Seminary, after teaching for many years in Hebrew schools in Brooklyn, Queens and Long Island. Before relocating to Riverdale in their later years the Zielenzigers lived primarily in Freeport and Great Neck, NY. She is survived by her sons David, of Great Neck, and Michael (Diane Abt) of Oakland, CA and Manhattan and a brother, Dr. Gabriel Herrmann of Jerusalem. Services will be held Friday at 11am at Riverside Nassau North, 55 N. Station Plaza, Great Neck, NY. 1/3 ZIELENZIGER--Dr. Ruth, who helped change how Conservative Jews in America are taught the Bible, and inspired some of Israel's most enduring poetry of love while a young woman, died Thursday at the RiverWalk independent living facility of the Hebrew Home in the Bronx, one day shy of her 93rd birthday. Awarded her Doctorate of Hebrew Literature at age 66, Dr. Zielenziger was instrumental in creating the curriculum for teaching the books of Genesis and Exodus in Conservative Judaism at the Melton Research Center of the Jewish Theological Seminary in New York City. The Melton program emphasized critical inquiry and the study of Bible for character education. She was a proponent of studying the creation myths and texts of other Middle Eastern cultures in order to better understand the context in which the Bible was written. Born in London, the daughter of Leo and Lola Herrmann, ardent Zionists, she grew up in Jerusalem before the founding of the Jewish state, and served as an ambulance driver and chauffeur in the British Army during World War II, where her fluency in Hebrew, English and German was invaluable. After the War, she attended the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, where she met a German emigre and fellow student, Yehuda Pfeuffer, whom she renamed Yehuda Amichai. Amichai went on to become Israel's most celebrated poet, and the first drafts of many of his most enduring poems were composed as letters exchanged between the two. Amichai's letters to Dr. Zielenziger are now archived at Ben Gurion University in Israel. She moved to New York in 1947, to study at the Teachers Institute of the Seminary. While in New York she met and subsequently married Eric W. Zielenziger, a German Jewish survivor of the Holocaust who escaped the Nazis by living underground in Amsterdam for more than two years. They had two children. For 34 years, Dr. Zielenziger taught education at the Jewish Theological Seminary, after teaching for many years in Hebrew schools in Brooklyn, Queens and Long Island. Before relocating to Riverdale in their later years the Zielenzigers lived primarily in Freeport and Great Neck, NY. She is survived by her sons David, of Great Neck, and Michael (Diane Abt) of Oakland, CA and Manhattan and a brother, Dr. Gabriel Herrmann of Jerusalem. Services will be held Friday at 11am at Riverside Nassau North, 55 N. Station Plaza, Great Neck, NY. 1/3 

BLOOM--Charles Edward, Jr. In my heart-always. Susan 1/3 BLOOM--Charles Edward, Jr. In my heart-always. Susan 1/3 

COHEN--Sherman. 1/22/2013. Not a day has gone by over the past three years that I have not missed your wisdom, your guidance, and, your smile. You continue to inspire me as a mentor and I always hear and heed your good advice. You are forever with me as my father and my best friend. With devotion and much love, Charles 1/3 COHEN--Sherman. 1/22/2013. Not a day has gone by over the past three years that I have not missed your wisdom, your guidance, and, your smile. You continue to inspire me as a mentor and I always hear and heed your good advice. You are forever with me as my father and my best friend. With devotion and much love, Charles 1/3 

COHEN--Sherman. Three long years have passed. You will be loved and in our hearts each and every day. Love, Gloria, Charles, Robin and Family 1/3 COHEN--Sherman. Three long years have passed. You will be loved and in our hearts each and every day. Love, Gloria, Charles, Robin and Family 1/3 

FEEN--Eugene, passed away peacefully at his home on January 17 at the age of 97. Beloved husband of the late Rosalie Feen; survived by his children Susan Davey, David R. Feen, granddaughter Allyson Davey and sister Shirley Strasser. Before retiring he was President of Park Ave. Imports, a subsidiary of Seagram's. 1/3 FEEN--Eugene, passed away peacefully at his home on January 17 at the age of 97. Beloved husband of the late Rosalie Feen; survived by his children Susan Davey, David R. Feen, granddaughter Allyson Davey and sister Shirley Strasser. Before retiring he was President of Park Ave. Imports, a subsidiary of Seagram's. 1/3 

LEWIN--Estelle Weinberg. Born April 19, 1920, died January 19, 2016, three months short of her 96th birthday. Daughter of Benjamin and Mary Weinberg, Estelle was part of a loving family. She was predeceased by both her parents and her only brother, Michael Wayne. In 1941, she met the love of her life, Harry Lewin. They married on March 21, 1942 and lived together in wedded bliss. They were married for more than 64 years when Harry died in June 2006. Together they had two daughters, Linda Taub and Blylee Gardiner Bernstein. Linda's husband David passed away in November 2012. Estelle is survived by her daughters Linda and Blylee and Blylee's husband David Bernstein; three grandsons and their wives, Andrew and Suzanne Taub, Marc and Sandy Taub and Joshua and Lisa Taub. She had six great-grandchildren, Jake, Trevor, Chloe, Camille, Asher and Matthew. Funeral services will be held on Friday, January 22, 2016 at 12:00 noon. They will be conducted at Gutterman's Memorial Chapel, Jericho Turnpike in Woodbury, NY. 1/3 LEWIN--Estelle Weinberg. Born April 19, 1920, died January 19, 2016, three months short of her 96th birthday. Daughter of Benjamin and Mary Weinberg, Estelle was part of a loving family. She was predeceased by both her parents and her only brother, Michael Wayne. In 1941, she met the love of her life, Harry Lewin. They married on March 21, 1942 and lived together in wedded bliss. They were married for more than 64 years when Harry died in June 2006. Together they had two daughters, Linda Taub and Blylee Gardiner Bernstein. Linda's husband David passed away in November 2012. Estelle is survived by her daughters Linda and Blylee and Blylee's husband David Bernstein; three grandsons and their wives, Andrew and Suzanne Taub, Marc and Sandy Taub and Joshua and Lisa Taub. She had six great-grandchildren, Jake, Trevor, Chloe, Camille, Asher and Matthew. Funeral services will be held on Friday, January 22, 2016 at 12:00 noon. They will be conducted at Gutterman's Memorial Chapel, Jericho Turnpike in Woodbury, NY. 1/3 

ROTHSTEIN--Harold Jay, of Teaneck, NJ died on Wednesday, January 20, 2016, two weeks after being diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and one week before his 70th birthday. Carole Rothstein, his wife of 46 years had her head on his chest when he took his last breath. He was born on January 26, 1946 in the Bronx and was the youngest child of Rose and Milton Rothstein. He graduated from City College with a degree in sociology. He went on to complete his Master's in Education and "ABD" (all but his dissertation) for his PhD both from the New School. Starting out as a teacher in the late 1960s, Harold dedicated his life to education. He taught science until the mid- 1970s becoming an administrator in the 1980s and 1990s. Since retiring from the Board of Education he was an educational consultant mentoring students and teachers who wanted to become principals. He was proud of being involved in both Teach for America and the New York City Fellowship Program. Always the life of the party Harold lived every minute with passion. An avid photographer and world traveler he visited his 106th country in December. His life was filled with culture, music and art that he shared with his family and friends. Harold is survived by his wife of 46 years, Carole Rothstein, his sons Gabriel and Adam, his daughter and son-in-law Jessica and Randall Berman, his granddaughter Rachel Rose, his brother and sister-in-law Joel and Barbara Rothstein, and many nieces, nephews and cousins. In lieu of flowers, donations in memory of Harold J. Rothstein can be made to The Institute for Educational Advancement or the Lustgarten Foundation. Services will be 1pm today at Louis Suburban Chapel, 13-01 Broadway (Route 4 West), Fair Lawn, NJ. Burial will follow at Cedar Park Cemetery, Emerson, New Jersey. 1/3 ROTHSTEIN--Harold Jay, of Teaneck, NJ died on Wednesday, January 20, 2016, two weeks after being diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and one week before his 70th birthday. Carole Rothstein, his wife of 46 years had her head on his chest when he took his last breath. He was born on January 26, 1946 in the Bronx and was the youngest child of Rose and Milton Rothstein. He graduated from City College with a degree in sociology. He went on to complete his Master's in Education and "ABD" (all but his dissertation) for his PhD both from the New School. Starting out as a teacher in the late 1960s, Harold dedicated his life to education. He taught science until the mid- 1970s becoming an administrator in the 1980s and 1990s. Since retiring from the Board of Education he was an educational consultant mentoring students and teachers who wanted to become principals. He was proud of being involved in both Teach for America and the New York City Fellowship Program. Always the life of the party Harold lived every minute with passion. An avid photographer and world traveler he visited his 106th country in December. His life was filled with culture, music and art that he shared with his family and friends. Harold is survived by his wife of 46 years, Carole Rothstein, his sons Gabriel and Adam, his daughter and son-in-law Jessica and Randall Berman, his granddaughter Rachel Rose, his brother and sister-in-law Joel and Barbara Rothstein, and many nieces, nephews and cousins. In lieu of flowers, donations in memory of Harold J. Rothstein can be made to The Institute for Educational Advancement or the Lustgarten Foundation. Services will be 1pm today at Louis Suburban Chapel, 13-01 Broadway (Route 4 West), Fair Lawn, NJ. Burial will follow at Cedar Park Cemetery, Emerson, New Jersey. 1/3 

GOREVIC--Charles, age 98, passed away January 20, 2016 after a long and good life as an art dealer, husband, father, grandfather and great-grandfather. Predeceased by his wife Ursula, he is missed by his loving family, sons Roger and Peter and their wives Cali and Judy, grandchildren Jason (Diana), Genna, Martine (Mac) and Neal (Brittany), and great-grandchildren Jonah, Hannah, Ashton and Thomas 1/3 GOREVIC--Charles, age 98, passed away January 20, 2016 after a long and good life as an art dealer, husband, father, grandfather and great-grandfather. Predeceased by his wife Ursula, he is missed by his loving family, sons Roger and Peter and their wives Cali and Judy, grandchildren Jason (Diana), Genna, Martine (Mac) and Neal (Brittany), and great-grandchildren Jonah, Hannah, Ashton and Thomas 1/3 

COLBY--Dr. Marvelle S. The entire Marymount Manhattan College community mourns the loss of one of our most dedicated faculty members, Professor Emerita, Dr. Marvelle S. Colby. A leader in the business and entrepreneurial fields, Dr. Colby served Marymount Manhattan College for 21 years as a member of the Business Management and Accounting Division, during which time she also served as the Division Chair. In 2007, a number of Dr. Marvelle S. Colby's former students, colleagues, faculty, and staff joined together to create the Dr. Marvelle S. Colby Endowed Scholarship Fund to ensure that her legacy will live on at the College for years to come. Dr. Colby was a valued member of the Marymount Manhattan College community and we mourn this loss and share our condolences with her family. Funeral services will be held at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 180 West 76th Street, New York, NY, Friday, January 22nd at 11:15am. The services will be followed by burial at Woodlawn Cemetery. Kerry Walk, Ph.D., President, Marymount Manhattan College; Hope Knight, Chairperson of the Board of Trustees, Marymount Manhattan College 1/3 COLBY--Dr. Marvelle S. The entire Marymount Manhattan College community mourns the loss of one of our most dedicated faculty members, Professor Emerita, Dr. Marvelle S. Colby. A leader in the business and entrepreneurial fields, Dr. Colby served Marymount Manhattan College for 21 years as a member of the Business Management and Accounting Division, during which time she also served as the Division Chair. In 2007, a number of Dr. Marvelle S. Colby's former students, colleagues, faculty, and staff joined together to create the Dr. Marvelle S. Colby Endowed Scholarship Fund to ensure that her legacy will live on at the College for years to come. Dr. Colby was a valued member of the Marymount Manhattan College community and we mourn this loss and share our condolences with her family. Funeral services will be held at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 180 West 76th Street, New York, NY, Friday, January 22nd at 11:15am. The services will be followed by burial at Woodlawn Cemetery. Kerry Walk, Ph.D., President, Marymount Manhattan College; Hope Knight, Chairperson of the Board of Trustees, Marymount Manhattan College 1/3 

STEINBERG--Richard. 12/14/ 18-1/22/01. After 15 years, I still can see your smile, hear your voice, feel your love. Miss you so much, Dad. Vicki 1/3 STEINBERG--Richard. 12/14/ 18-1/22/01. After 15 years, I still can see your smile, hear your voice, feel your love. Miss you so much, Dad. Vicki 1/3 

MARNER--Margaret. Beloved mother of Olivia and Brian. Memorial service Sunday, January 24, 2016, 3pm at "The Riverside," 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave., NYC. 1/3 MARNER--Margaret. Beloved mother of Olivia and Brian. Memorial service Sunday, January 24, 2016, 3pm at "The Riverside," 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave., NYC. 1/3 

CARAJOHN--Christopher Z.,passed away Monday evening. A loving husband, father, brother, uncle, and friend, Christopher is survived by his wife Lauren, his children Michael, Nicholas, and Alexander, and his sister Mary. The funeral service will be held on Friday at St. Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Church in Brooklyn at 11am. The family will be greeting friends and relatives following the funeral services, from 4pm-9pm at 136 East 64th Street. 1/3 CARAJOHN--Christopher Z.,passed away Monday evening. A loving husband, father, brother, uncle, and friend, Christopher is survived by his wife Lauren, his children Michael, Nicholas, and Alexander, and his sister Mary. The funeral service will be held on Friday at St. Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Church in Brooklyn at 11am. The family will be greeting friends and relatives following the funeral services, from 4pm-9pm at 136 East 64th Street. 1/3 

Pinkel, the former Missouri football coach, will remain at the university as a fund-raiser and ambassador, earning nearly $1 million over a three-year contract. Pinkel, the former Missouri football coach, will remain at the university as a fund-raiser and ambassador, earning nearly $1 million over a three-year contract. Missouri University football coach Gary Pinkel, who was recently diagnosed with non-Hodgkin lymphoma, will remain at university as fund-raiser and ambassador; other college sports news noted.

Valencia managed a 1-1 draw with visiting Las Palmas in the quarterfinals of the Copa del Rey. Valencia managed a 1-1 draw with visiting Las Palmas in the quarterfinals of the Copa del Rey. Valencia plays Las Palmas to 1-1 draw in quarterfinals of Copa del Rey soccer tournament; other soccer news noted.

Photographs from the past week in New York and the region include the site of the New York City Farm Colony on Staten Island and mourners at Columbia University. Photographs from the past week in New York and the region include the site of the New York City Farm Colony on Staten Island and mourners at Columbia University. 

Major League Baseball is pushing back this year’s deadline to make trades without waivers by one day to Aug. 1. Major League Baseball is pushing back this year’s deadline to make trades without waivers by one day to Aug. 1. 

A former police officer convicted of raping and sexually victimizing women while on his beat in a low-income Oklahoma City neighborhood was ordered to spend the rest of his life in prison. A former police officer convicted of raping and sexually victimizing women while on his beat in a low-income Oklahoma City neighborhood was ordered to spend the rest of his life in prison. Former Oklahoma City Police Officer Daniel Holtzclaw is sentenced to 263 years in prison for raping and sexually victimizing black women in low-income neighborhood in city in 2013 and 2014.

Maria Sharapova defeated Lauren Davis of the United States. Maria Sharapova defeated Lauren Davis of the United States. Maria Sharapova defeats Lauren Davis in third round at Australian Open; Kei Nishikori endures wrist problem and beats Guillermo Garcia-Lopez.

Officer Randolph Holder, who was fatally shot last fall, was the only police officer in a 2014 gun-possession case who saw the weapon in the defendant’s hands. Officer Randolph Holder, who was fatally shot last fall, was the only police officer in a 2014 gun-possession case who saw the weapon in the defendant’s hands. 

The first of nine defendants in a widespread Navy bribery case was sentenced Thursday to 27 months in prison for providing classified information to a Malaysian military contractor. The first of nine defendants in a widespread Navy bribery case was sentenced Thursday to 27 months in prison for providing classified information to a Malaysian military contractor. Petty Officer First Class Daniel Layug is sentenced to 27 months in prison for his involvement in widespread Navy bribery case; Layug is first of nine defendants who are accused of providing classified ship schedules to Malaysian military contractor Glenn Defense Marine Asia Ltd.

A Circuit Court judge was censured Thursday after he was accused last year of threatening defendants with jail time if they did not pay fines or participate in a blood drive. A Circuit Court judge was censured Thursday after he was accused last year of threatening defendants with jail time if they did not pay fines or participate in a blood drive. Alabama Circuit Court Judge Marvin Wiggins is censured by State Judicial Inquiry Commission over accusation that he threatened defendants with jail time if they failed to pay fines or did not participate in blood drive in lieu of payment.

Travis Zajac had a goal and three assists, and the Devils scored five times in the first period en route to a 6-3 win over Ottawa, which they have beaten six times in their last eight meetings.  Travis Zajac had a goal and three assists, and the Devils scored five times in the first period en route to a 6-3 win over Ottawa, which they have beaten six times in their last eight meetings. NHL Roundup; New Jersey Devils defeat Ottawa Senators, 6-3; other hockey scores noted.

Angered by teacher sickouts that have closed many Detroit schools, majority Republicans in Michigan’s Legislature proposed legislation to make it easier to deem such work stoppages illegal strikes. Angered by teacher sickouts that have closed many Detroit schools, majority Republicans in Michigan’s Legislature proposed legislation to make it easier to deem such work stoppages illegal strikes. Republicans in Michigan Legislature propose bill that would ease way for deeming work stoppages, like sickouts carried out by Detroit teachers, to be illegal strikes; teacher strikes are illegal in Michigan.

Peter Jok, the Big Ten’s reigning player of the week, led No. 9 Iowa to a tough victory over a pesky Rutgers team. Peter Jok, the Big Ten’s reigning player of the week, led No. 9 Iowa to a tough victory over a pesky Rutgers team. College Basketball Roundup; University of Iowa men's basketball team defeats Rutgers, 90-76; other men's and women's scores noted.

The current Ziegfeld, which was not designed to accommodate live performances, was a technological marvel when it opened as a movie theater in 1969. The current Ziegfeld, which was not designed to accommodate live performances, was a technological marvel when it opened as a movie theater in 1969. Current structure housing Ziegfeld Theater in Midtown Manhattan, which will be renovated and reopened as event space, is not the original Ziegfeld; first structure, live theater house built in vaudeville era and featuring famed Ziegfeld showgirls, was torn down in 1966.

Critics say the waivers sought by religiously affiliated institutions enable them to discriminate against gay and transgender students. Critics say the waivers sought by religiously affiliated institutions enable them to discriminate against gay and transgender students. 

Before the attack, the victim, Jovani Cubias, received threatening calls and text messages after his girlfriend was involved in a fight, his sister said. Before the attack, the victim, Jovani Cubias, received threatening calls and text messages after his girlfriend was involved in a fight, his sister said. Friends and family remember Jovani Cubias, 17-year-old from East Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn who was stabbed to death after argument with another man; family members say high school junior had complained recently of being harassed and threatened via phone calls and text messages. 

The vote to unseat Blaine Eaton II, a Democrat, and replace him with his Republican rival, Mark Tullos, is likely to exacerbate a tension that defines much of modern-day policy making in the South. The vote to unseat Blaine Eaton II, a Democrat, and replace him with his Republican rival, Mark Tullos, is likely to exacerbate a tension that defines much of modern-day policy making in the South. Lawyer for Mississippi State Rep Blaine Eaton II says he is considering challenging House's ouster of Eaton in federal court; Eaton's ouster leaves Republicans in state with majorities in Senate and House and, with Republican Gov Phil Bryant, in position to pass large tax cuts, although possibility could exacerbate tensions in Republican ranks.

A former commander of the Lord’s Resistance Army was accused of using rape and brutality to turn children abducted by the rebels into sex slaves or soldiers. A former commander of the Lord’s Resistance Army was accused of using rape and brutality to turn children abducted by the rebels into sex slaves or soldiers. Prosecutors at International Criminal Court hearing in The Hague accuse Dominic Ongwen, commander of Ugandan military group called Lord’s Resistance Army, of 70 counts of war crimes and crimes against humanity.

A close relative of the first victim tested positive for the virus, the authorities said. Health officials had thought the epidemic was over. A close relative of the first victim tested positive for the virus, the authorities said. Health officials had thought the epidemic was over. Health authorities find another case of Ebola in Sierra Leone, second since officials announced epidemic had ended; is close relative of recently discovered Ebola victim and had been under quarantine.

A suicide car bomber rammed the gates of the restaurant, near a beach in Mogadishu, and then gunmen fought their way into the building. A suicide car bomber rammed the gates of the restaurant, near a beach in Mogadishu, and then gunmen fought their way into the building. Somali authorities report Shabab militants have taken over Liido Seafood, Mogadishu beachside restaurant favored by government officials; attack began when suicide car bomber crashed through eatery’s gates; attack has claimed at least three lives. 

Mickelson returned Thursday from a layoff with a midround run in the CareerBuilder Challenge in La Quinta, Calif. Mickelson returned Thursday from a layoff with a midround run in the CareerBuilder Challenge in La Quinta, Calif. Jason Dufner, Jerry Kelly, Jeff Overton and Anirban Lahiri share first-round lead at CareerBuilder Challenge golf tournament; other golf news noted.

Seven new breeds will have a shot at being best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club event at Madison Square Garden next month. Seven new breeds will have a shot at being best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club event at Madison Square Garden next month. Spanish water dog is one of seven new breeds that will compete in upcoming Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show at Madison Square Garden.

The Rev. Richard Gorman is director of prison chaplains for the Archdiocese of New York, and has also been chairman of Community Board 12 in the northeast Bronx. The Rev. Richard Gorman is director of prison chaplains for the Archdiocese of New York, and has also been chairman of Community Board 12 in the northeast Bronx. Officials of Archdiocese of New York announce that Rev Richard Gorman has been suspended from his duties over accusations he sexually abused minors in late 1980s in Westchester County, where officials have opened inquiry into matter; Gorman, who lives in Bronx, is also active in politics in borough.

The court said statements made by Bill Cosby, his wife and lawyer did not defame the woman, Renita Hill, who accused the entertainer of sexual abuse. The court said statements made by Bill Cosby, his wife and lawyer did not defame the woman, Renita Hill, who accused the entertainer of sexual abuse. Judge Arthur J Schwab of United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania dismisses defamation lawsuit brought by Pittsburgh woman Renita Hill against Bill Cosby.

Thomas Merton’s birthday party may be divine, but his operating mode was more contemplative than this all-male play would have you believe. Thomas Merton’s birthday party may be divine, but his operating mode was more contemplative than this all-male play would have you believe. Charles Isherwood reviews Charles L Mee play The Glory of The World, directed by Les Waters, at Harvey Theater.

As President Obama announced that $80 million in aid would be available to Michigan, a regional E.P.A. official resigned and a congresswoman announced hearings on the tainted water. As President Obama announced that $80 million in aid would be available to Michigan, a regional E.P.A. official resigned and a congresswoman announced hearings on the tainted water. Susan Hedmen, high-ranking Environmental Protection Agency official, resigns following scrutiny over her failure to respond quickly to concerns about quality of drinking water supply in Flint, Mich; agency administrator Gina McCarthy says she will issue emergency order to expand federal oversight over water quality in Flint, monitoring supply for lead contamination.

J.T. Miller, the Rangers’ first-round draft pick in 2011, has been “more assertive and more physical” this season. He has 10 goals and 12 assists. J.T. Miller, the Rangers’ first-round draft pick in 2011, has been “more assertive and more physical” this season. He has 10 goals and 12 assists. New York Rangers forward J T Miller is proving himself invaluable, scoring 10 goals and recording 12 assists so far in season.

An ambulance driver working at a hospital supported by Doctors Without Borders was among the casualties. An ambulance driver working at a hospital supported by Doctors Without Borders was among the casualties. Doctors Without Borders reports airstrikes in Dhayan district of northern Yemen kill at least 18 people, including ambulance full of casualties and responding rescuers.

Two Utah men said in a lawsuit that the New York Road Runners is running an illegal lottery because of the $11 fee it charges everyone who enters the drawing. Two Utah men said in a lawsuit that the New York Road Runners is running an illegal lottery because of the $11 fee it charges everyone who enters the drawing. Charles Konopa and Matthew Clark, both from Utah, file lawsuit against New York Road Runners, arguing $11 nonrefundable fee to enter drawing for spot in New York City Marathon constitutes illegal lottery; seek nearly $10.6 million in damages and injunction to stop practice.

Civil rights advocates say that the Michigan city’s health crisis smacks of the kind of discrimination that causes the disproportionate exposure of blacks to polluted air, water and soil. Civil rights advocates say that the Michigan city’s health crisis smacks of the kind of discrimination that causes the disproportionate exposure of blacks to polluted air, water and soil. Civil rights advocates say Michigan's slow and testy response to lead-polluted water in Flint, which is mainly poor and black, is due to environmental racism; city has little political power, as blacks comprise 14 percent of Michigan's population, and state government is Republican-controlled.

Humberto Moreira había permanecido intocable por ser un aliado del Presidente Enrique Peña Nieto. Humberto Moreira había permanecido intocable por ser un aliado del Presidente Enrique Peña Nieto. 

A leading Kosovo Serb politician received a nine-year term after being found guilty of war crimes against ethnic Albanian citizens during Kosovo’s fight for independence from Serbia. A leading Kosovo Serb politician received a nine-year term after being found guilty of war crimes against ethnic Albanian citizens during Kosovo’s fight for independence from Serbia. International court in Kosovo, authorized by European Union, sentences Kosovar Serb politician Oliver Ivanovic to nine year prison term for war crimes he committed against ethnic Albanians in 1999.

Britain’s inquiry into the death of Alexander Litvinenko further strains international relations with Russia. Britain’s inquiry into the death of Alexander Litvinenko further strains international relations with Russia. Editorial expresses shock following revelation that Russian Pres Vladimir Putin likely approved 2006 poisoning of former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko in London with toxic isotope polonium 210; holds one of biggest questions raised by disclosure is what effect it will have on international relations, particularly those between Great Britain and Russia.

Coach Rex Ryan and the Buffalo Bills broke the league’s gender barrier by promoting the 30-year-old Smith to be their special teams quality control coach. Coach Rex Ryan and the Buffalo Bills broke the league’s gender barrier by promoting the 30-year-old Smith to be their special teams quality control coach. NFL Roundup; Buffalo Bills break NFL gender barrier by hiring Kathryn Smith as special teams quality control coach; other football news noted.

Aides to Mr. McConnell said the bill would provide a new platform for showcasing what Republicans view as Mr. Obama&#8217;s failings in combating the Islamic State. Aides to Mr. McConnell said the bill would provide a new platform for showcasing what Republicans view as Mr. Obama&#8217;s failings in combating the Islamic State. Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell moves to introduce bill that would broaden Pres Obama's powers in fight against Islamic State; measure, sponsored by Sen Lindsay Graham, is response to request president made of Congress in State of the Union speech.

For those resolved to learn new skills in 2016, the city is filled with free or inexpensive lessons in media production, improv and languages. For those resolved to learn new skills in 2016, the city is filled with free or inexpensive lessons in media production, improv and languages. 

The former All-American, all-purpose football player missed two field-goal attempts during the New York Jets’ upset of the Baltimore Colts. The former All-American, all-purpose football player missed two field-goal attempts during the New York Jets’ upset of the Baltimore Colts. Lou Michaels, former All-American football player whose two unsuccessful field-goal attempts while playing for Baltimore Colts in 1969 Super Bowl allowed New York Jets historic upset, dies at age 80. 

The two countries are digging in for a battle that will continue regardless of any peace deal: the fight against the Islamic State extremist group. The two countries are digging in for a battle that will continue regardless of any peace deal: the fight against the Islamic State extremist group. Russian military increases its presence in Syria, establishing new airfield and opening dialogue with Sunni forces fighting Islamic State; competition with United States for allies on ground comes as diplomatic efforts to achieve cease-fire flounder; two powers' clashing strategies are becoming major obstacle to resolving conflict.

The extraterrestrial Others are conquering Earth. Feisty, if under-informed, teenagers decide to fight back. The extraterrestrial Others are conquering Earth. Feisty, if under-informed, teenagers decide to fight back. Andy Webster reviews movie The 5th Wave, starring Chloe Grace Moretz and Alex Roe.

Chapman’s case is one of three that are being scrutinized as baseball implements its policy on domestic abuse cases. Chapman’s case is one of three that are being scrutinized as baseball implements its policy on domestic abuse cases. Florida state attorney's office will not pursue criminal charges against New York Yankees pitcher Aroldis Chapman but Major League Baseball is still investigating domestic abuse accusations made by his girlfriend and could hand down penalty that could include suspension.

The Taliban’s attack on a university shows that all it takes to restart the cycle of fear is a determined commander, a few willing attackers and a list of accessible targets. The Taliban’s attack on a university shows that all it takes to restart the cycle of fear is a determined commander, a few willing attackers and a list of accessible targets. News Analysis; Pakistani military's vaunted counter offensive against Taliban suffers setback with massacre at university; experts say increasingly fractious and diffuse militant group is still effective because of its ability to move across border with Afghanistan; world leaders push for peace talks between two countries to resolve problem. 

Fists fly as usual in this installment of the ‘Ip Man’ series, which pits Mr. Yen’s character against a brutal gang while his wife is threatened by illness. Fists fly as usual in this installment of the ‘Ip Man’ series, which pits Mr. Yen’s character against a brutal gang while his wife is threatened by illness. Andy Webster reviews movie Ip Man 3, directed by Wilson Yip and starring Donnie Yen.

A 45-page United Nations report describes a murderous struggle between government and opposition forces that includes disturbing new levels of sexual violence. A 45-page United Nations report describes a murderous struggle between government and opposition forces that includes disturbing new levels of sexual violence. United Nations report says dire situation in South Sudan worsened over 2015; conflict between government and rebel forces has resulted in widespread atrocities, including deliberate slaughter of children and rampant sexual abuse; 2.2 million people over past two years have fled fighting, which has disregarded traditional safe havens such as hospitals. 

Australia&#8217;s traditional Boxing Day test match drew 127,069 over four days, but a Twenty20 match in the new Big Bash League this month drew 80,883. Australia&#8217;s traditional Boxing Day test match drew 127,069 over four days, but a Twenty20 match in the new Big Bash League this month drew 80,883. Twenty20 cricket, shorter, faster form of cricket created in 2003 to appeal to younger fans, has found success in many countries around world, refocusing fans' interest from international tournaments to domestic leagues.

Mayor Bill de Blasio’s ill-conceived plan to house commercial animals in Central Park is a costly solution in search of a problem. Mayor Bill de Blasio’s ill-conceived plan to house commercial animals in Central Park is a costly solution in search of a problem. Jim Dwyer About New York column raises concerns about New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio's proposed bill to confine horse carriages to Central Park; notes de Blasio promised he would deal with issue immediately, but it has taken him 751 days to get to it.

At least nine people, including police officers, were killed during a raid on an apartment building as technicians tried to defuse booby traps, the authorities said. At least nine people, including police officers, were killed during a raid on an apartment building as technicians tried to defuse booby traps, the authorities said. Nine people, including three police officers, are killed in aftermath of raid on suspected terrorist redoubt near Pyramids in Giza, Egypt; victims were killed by bomb which detonated while technicians were attempting to disarm it.

Ms. Charles-Roux&#8217;s first novel, &#8220;To Forget Palermo,&#8221; won the Prix Goncourt, France&#8217;s biggest literary prize, in 1966, four months after the magazine ousted her. Ms. Charles-Roux&#8217;s first novel, &#8220;To Forget Palermo,&#8221; won the Prix Goncourt, France&#8217;s biggest literary prize, in 1966, four months after the magazine ousted her. Edmonde Charles-Roux, longstanding editor of French Vogue and author whose novel To Forget Palermo won France's greatest literary prize, the Prix Goncourt, in 1966, dies at age 95. 

If approved, the deals are likely to include provisions meant to prevent Charter from using its market power to hurt rival streaming services. If approved, the deals are likely to include provisions meant to prevent Charter from using its market power to hurt rival streaming services. Charter Communications' $67.1 billion bid for Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks is facing headwinds from some cable companies and advocacy and industry groups; combined firm would be nation's second-largest broadband provider and could hobble future of streaming video.

A high-profile former JPMorgan Chase executive has raised $52 million from several big banks for a start-up built on the technology underlying the Bitcoin virtual currency. A high-profile former JPMorgan Chase executive has raised $52 million from several big banks for a start-up built on the technology underlying the Bitcoin virtual currency. Former JPMorgan Chase executive Blythe Masters raises $52 million from big banks for start-up Digital Asset Holdings, based on technology that underpins Bitcoin virtual currency.

The police fired on ethnic Madhesi protesters, part of a group that has been demanding changes to the Constitution, which they say dilutes their political voice. The police fired on ethnic Madhesi protesters, part of a group that has been demanding changes to the Constitution, which they say dilutes their political voice. 

Directed by Tim McCann, the film stars Sam Trammell as a reprobate who takes on dangerous criminals in an effort to save his marriage. Directed by Tim McCann, the film stars Sam Trammell as a reprobate who takes on dangerous criminals in an effort to save his marriage. Daniel M Gold reviews movie All Mistakes Buried, directed by Tim McCann and starring Sam Trammell.

The film, written and directed by William Monahan, finds a celebrity in the desert, then under siege. The film, written and directed by William Monahan, finds a celebrity in the desert, then under siege. Manohla Dargis reviews movie Mojave, directed by William Monahan and starring Garrett Hedlund.

Pedicab operators, who say they are already scorned and powerless, face the prospect of losing customers if they are banned from Central Park below 85th Street. Pedicab operators, who say they are already scorned and powerless, face the prospect of losing customers if they are banned from Central Park below 85th Street. Pedicab drivers in New York City have raised concerns about Mayor Bill de Blasio's horse carriage deal, which includes ban on pedicabs in Central Park south of 85th Street; many pedicab drivers say ban will make it impossible to continue in their line of work; pedicab industry is one of least sympathetic professions in city, as some drivers are notorious for scamming tourists.

In an experimental system, every time the trains pull into certain stations, they channel the energy created by the friction of their brakes to battery banks at one of two substations. In an experimental system, every time the trains pull into certain stations, they channel the energy created by the friction of their brakes to battery banks at one of two substations. Batteries on Philadelphia subway system are undergoing experiment with regenerative braking; technology harvests brake energy for reuse, and even sale. 

A grand jury has indicted a white officer on six counts, including felony murder, in last year’s shooting of Anthony Hill, 27, who was naked and behaving erratically. A grand jury has indicted a white officer on six counts, including felony murder, in last year’s shooting of Anthony Hill, 27, who was naked and behaving erratically. Dekalb County, Ga, Police Officer Robert Olsen is indicted on felony murder charges and five other counts in connection with fatal shooting of naked, unarmed black man, Air Force veteran Anthony Hill, in Chamblee apartment complex in 2015. 

The news that Humberto Moreira, who governed Coahuila, was being charged with corruption came with an asterisk: It was the Spanish police who succeeded in building a case against him. The news that Humberto Moreira, who governed Coahuila, was being charged with corruption came with an asterisk: It was the Spanish police who succeeded in building a case against him. Spanish authorities arrest former Mexican governor Humberto Moreira, who escaped prosecution in his own country, on money laundering charges; critics say politician, close ally of Pres Enrique Pena Nieto, embodies Mexico's culture of political corruption and country's inability to counter it.

The vividly imagined collection of duets by the saxophonist and bassoonist was one of the standout jazz records of 2015. But it was never released in album form. The vividly imagined collection of duets by the saxophonist and bassoonist was one of the standout jazz records of 2015. But it was never released in album form. Nate Chinen Critic's Notebook appreciates The Seasons, video series in which saxophonist and bassoonist Ben Wendel performs duets with changing partners; videos are by Alex Chaloff.

Raman Hui’s live-action and computerized hybrid, a runaway hit in China, conjures a cute newborn creature pursued by other beasts and by human bounty hunters. Raman Hui’s live-action and computerized hybrid, a runaway hit in China, conjures a cute newborn creature pursued by other beasts and by human bounty hunters. Nicolas Rapold reviews movie Monster Hunt, directed by Raman Hui.

Among Gimelstob’s duties, some call them conflicts, are coaching John Isner, working television broadcasts and serving on the ATP Tour board of directors. Among Gimelstob’s duties, some call them conflicts, are coaching John Isner, working television broadcasts and serving on the ATP Tour board of directors. Former tennis player Justin Gimelstob keeps busy at Australian Open as coach to John Isner and manager to Lindsay Davenport while also serving on ATP Tour board of directors, producing tour's magazine show and commentating on Tennis Channel.

The 10,000-square-foot space, frrom the night-life impresarios Michael Satsky and Brian Gefter, will focus on experimental electronic music with some indie rock. The 10,000-square-foot space, frrom the night-life impresarios Michael Satsky and Brian Gefter, will focus on experimental electronic music with some indie rock. Night-life impresarios Michael Satsky and Brian Gefter hope to lure dance party crowd back to Manhattan from Brooklyn and make music history with opening of 10,000-square-foot Flash Factory in Chelsea; club takes more open, populist approach than pair's past exclusive endeavors.

Automobile recalls set a record last year as stronger government enforcement and widening recalls of exploding airbags pushed the total above 51 million vehicles. Automobile recalls set a record last year as stronger government enforcement and widening recalls of exploding airbags pushed the total above 51 million vehicles. National Highway Traffic Safety Admin reports over 51 million automobile recalls in 2015, breaking 2014 record by close margin.

Monsanto stepped up its defense of Roundup, a widely used weed killer, by filing a lawsuit in California seeking to prevent glyphosate from being added to the state’s list of known carcinogens. Monsanto stepped up its defense of Roundup, a widely used weed killer, by filing a lawsuit in California seeking to prevent glyphosate from being added to the state’s list of known carcinogens. Monsanto files lawsuit against California Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment and its acting director Lauren Zeise; manufacturer of herbicide Roundup, which produces billions in revenue, seeks to prevent agency from adding glyphosate, weed-killer’s primary ingredient, to state’s register of known carcinogens.

The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits rose to a six-month high last week, suggesting some loss of momentum in the labor market. The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits rose to a six-month high last week, suggesting some loss of momentum in the labor market. 

The Islamic taboo against homosexuality weighs on two 18-year-old Muslim best friends who are closeted in Brooklyn. The Islamic taboo against homosexuality weighs on two 18-year-old Muslim best friends who are closeted in Brooklyn. Stephen Holden reviews movie Naz & Maalik, directed by Jay Dockendorf and starring Curtiss Cook Jr and Kerwin Johnson Jr.

Starbucks said sales rose 9 percent in the United States, with consumers buying $1.9 billion-worth of gift cards. But sales growth slowed overseas. Starbucks said sales rose 9 percent in the United States, with consumers buying $1.9 billion-worth of gift cards. But sales growth slowed overseas. Starbucks reports quarterly profit of $687.6 million, or 46 cents a share; reports sales rose 9 percent, with customers buying $1.9 billion in chain's gift cards.

This Jacob Gentry film faces challenges as it tries to tell a menacing sci-fi story on a tight budget. This Jacob Gentry film faces challenges as it tries to tell a menacing sci-fi story on a tight budget. Manohla Dargis reviews movie Synchronicity, written and directed by Jacob Gentry and starring Chad McKnight and Michael Ironside.

The garden is set to undergo a two-year, $10 million face-lift, which will include 16 new works. The garden is set to undergo a two-year, $10 million face-lift, which will include 16 new works. Inside Art column; Minneapolis Sculpture Garden announces $10 million dollar two-year re-imagining of space by international artists; Vancouver Art Gallery hosts group exhibit MashUp, featuring emoji art pieces by Barbara Kruger; Christie's plans to auction 1842 portrait of Duke of Orleans Ferdinand Philippe by painter Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres in April 2016. 

The New York Ceramics and Glass Fair features a range of works, from the traditional to the modern to the odd. The New York Ceramics and Glass Fair features a range of works, from the traditional to the modern to the odd. Martha Schwendener Critic's Notebook discusses highlights of 17th New York Ceramics and Glass Fair. 

Éric Hannezo’s film serves up gun battles, hostage-taking and a lot of swagger. Éric Hannezo’s film serves up gun battles, hostage-taking and a lot of swagger. Helen T Verongos reviews movie Rabid Dogs, directed by Eric Hannezo and starring Lambert Wilson.

Two TV critics at The Times discuss the legacy of the show and a new mini-series that begins on Sunday. Two TV critics at The Times discuss the legacy of the show and a new mini-series that begins on Sunday. James Poniewozik and Mike Hale discuss new X-Files television mini-series, starring David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, and legacy of original program, which ended in 2002.

The largest single award, $176 million, will go to New York City to help build a new flood protection system around Lower Manhattan. The largest single award, $176 million, will go to New York City to help build a new flood protection system around Lower Manhattan. Housing and Urban Development Dept Sec Julian Castro announces New York Region will receive $281 million to help protect communities in area, which includes Connecticut and New Jersey, defend against and recover from natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy.

  

Glenn Ligon’s show at Luhring Augustine Bushwick consists of a multipart video work focused on Mr. Pryor, who like Mr. Ligon, focused his art on the hard realities of race. Glenn Ligon’s show at Luhring Augustine Bushwick consists of a multipart video work focused on Mr. Pryor, who like Mr. Ligon, focused his art on the hard realities of race. Holland Cotter reviews exhibit We Need to Wake Up Cause That's What Time It Is, which focuses on performer Richard Pryor, by artist Glenn Ligon at Luhring Augustine Bushwick gallery.

  

Twelve of the 23 health insurance cooperatives set up with $2.5 billion in federal funding have shut down, rather than spur competition as intended. Twelve of the 23 health insurance cooperatives set up with $2.5 billion in federal funding have shut down, rather than spur competition as intended. Group of Republican senators, during hearing of Senate Finance Committee, accuse Obama administration of failing to heed financial warning signs at nonprofit health insurance cooperatives that ultimately failed in 2015; Andrew M Slavitt, acting administrator at Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, disputes accusation; administration's hope was that co-ops would create greater competition in state insurance markets. 

Ms. DiFiore, the Westchester County district attorney, was approved to lead New York’s highest court, the Court of Appeals, by a full vote of the State Senate. Ms. DiFiore, the Westchester County district attorney, was approved to lead New York’s highest court, the Court of Appeals, by a full vote of the State Senate. Janet DiFiore is confirmed by New York State Senate as chief judge of Court of Appeals, state's highest court. 

A critical guide to exhibitions and installations in the New York area. A critical guide to exhibitions and installations in the New York area. 

The Hungarian director discusses the opening sequence of his debut feature, which received an Oscar nomination for best foreign language film. The Hungarian director discusses the opening sequence of his debut feature, which received an Oscar nomination for best foreign language film. 

Exquisitely drafted playing cards from the 15th and 16th centuries — most of them from Germany — are on display at the Cloisters. Exquisitely drafted playing cards from the 15th and 16th centuries — most of them from Germany — are on display at the Cloisters. Selection of medieval playing cards are featured in exhibit The World in Play: Luxury Cards, 1430-1540 at Cloisters. 

  

  

A selected guide to dance performances in New York City. A selected guide to dance performances in New York City. 

  

The bank cut the chief executive’s cash bonus and paid its top executives largely in stock awards tied to the company’s performance. The bank cut the chief executive’s cash bonus and paid its top executives largely in stock awards tied to the company’s performance. JPMorgan Chase paid chairman and chief executive Jamie Dimon $27 million in 2015, up 35 percent from his 2014 compensation; package was narrowly approved by shareholders.

  

Since the museum opened to great fanfare in 1877, it has drawn millions of visitors, including the dinophiles who are lured by the fearsome giants in the Dinosaur Hall. Since the museum opened to great fanfare in 1877, it has drawn millions of visitors, including the dinophiles who are lured by the fearsome giants in the Dinosaur Hall. Friday File column; New York Times archives recalls opening of Dinosaur Hall, featuring Tyrannosaurus Rex, at American Museum of Natural History in March 1927. 

A lawsuit by at least 27 states to stop the rule, which could eventually shut down hundreds of coal-fired power plants, is to be heard on June 2. A lawsuit by at least 27 states to stop the rule, which could eventually shut down hundreds of coal-fired power plants, is to be heard on June 2. Federal appeals court panel rejects bid by 27 states, and dozens of industry groups and corporations, to block Environmental Protection Agency rule requiring each state to significantly cut emissions from coal-fired electric power plants while lawsuit filed against EPA rule proceeds through court system; ruling is victory for Pres Obama, as rule is central to his administration's efforts to confront climate change.

Now in its 24th year, the fair features works by familiar names like Henry Darger as well as lesser-known artists. Now in its 24th year, the fair features works by familiar names like Henry Darger as well as lesser-known artists. 

  

  

Many in the country denounced the first round and one of the two candidates in a runoff set for Sunday has dropped out, making it a one-person race. Many in the country denounced the first round and one of the two candidates in a runoff set for Sunday has dropped out, making it a one-person race. Haiti is being pressured by United States to proceed with runoff presidential election despite disastrous first round and threats of violent protest by angry voters; American officials, who invested $33 million in October 2015 election widely deemed fraudulent, seem to fear power vacuum in unstable country.

Thousands from around the world are arriving in New York for BroadwayCon, a theater-themed variation of the popular Comic-Con. Thousands from around the world are arriving in New York for BroadwayCon, a theater-themed variation of the popular Comic-Con. Inaugural BroadwayCon, event for devout fans of Broadway musicals, is expected to draw several thousand people from around world to New York City.

A prime number is one that can be divided by only 1 and itself. A PC at a Missouri university has found one with more than 22 million digits. A prime number is one that can be divided by only 1 and itself. A PC at a Missouri university has found one with more than 22 million digits. Computer at University of Central Missouri finds new largest known prime number, which is almost five million digits longer than previous record-holder; number, which has 22,338,618 digits, is not divisible by any positive integer except 1 and itself.

Parsons Dance, which returned to the Joyce Theater for a two-week run, included dances by two former company members, Robert Battle and Katarzyna Skarpetowska. Parsons Dance, which returned to the Joyce Theater for a two-week run, included dances by two former company members, Robert Battle and Katarzyna Skarpetowska. Gia Kourlas reviews Parsons Dance program, including premiere by former company member Katarzyna Skarpetowska, at Joyce Theater.

Christopher Wheeldon’s take on Shakespeare’s play, a co-production of the Royal Ballet and the National Ballet of Canada, comes to the Kennedy Center. Christopher Wheeldon’s take on Shakespeare’s play, a co-production of the Royal Ballet and the National Ballet of Canada, comes to the Kennedy Center. Alastair Macaulay reviews Christopher Wheeldon ballet adaptation Shakespeare play The Winter's Tale, performed by the National Ballet of Canada, at Kennedy Center in Washington.

Britax Child Safety said it is recalling 71,000 infant car seats in the United States, citing one report of the handle breaking and a baby being injured. Britax Child Safety said it is recalling 71,000 infant car seats in the United States, citing one report of the handle breaking and a baby being injured. Britax Child Safety is recalling about 71,000 child car seats in United States due to faulty carrying handle; say product can break, allowing carrier to be dropped.

The senator appeals to the state’s Army-minded voters in a new commercial that highlights his promise to be tough on terrorists by investing more in the military. The senator appeals to the state’s Army-minded voters in a new commercial that highlights his promise to be tough on terrorists by investing more in the military. 

The company that reorganized New York City Opera presents its first production, starring Kristin Sampson, at the Rose Theater at Jazz at Lincoln Center. The company that reorganized New York City Opera presents its first production, starring Kristin Sampson, at the Rose Theater at Jazz at Lincoln Center. Anthony Tommasini reviews Puccini opera Tosca, presented by newly-resurrected New York City Opera; Kristin Sampson stars at Rose Theater at Jazz at Lincoln Center.

This exhibition at Lyles & King showcases the work of two painters who are both obsessed with gesture and meaning. This exhibition at Lyles & King showcases the work of two painters who are both obsessed with gesture and meaning. Martha Schwendener reviews joint exhibit Queen, featuring work by painters Dana DeGiulio and Molly Zuckerman-Hartung, at Lyles & King gallery.

Jimmy Napoli, a New York City tour guide and Alexander Hamilton expert, is leading a new tour focusing on his favorite founding father. Jimmy Napoli, a New York City tour guide and Alexander Hamilton expert, is leading a new tour focusing on his favorite founding father. Tour guide and Alexander Hamilton expert Jimmy Napoli, in effort to capitalizes on hit Broadway musical Hamilton, is offering three-hour tours through Hamilton Heights and Washington Heights that focus on founding father.

Sarah Meyohas sits in a Chelsea gallery trading on her laptop, charting her performance on the wall. Sarah Meyohas sits in a Chelsea gallery trading on her laptop, charting her performance on the wall. Ken Johnson reviews live performance exhibit by artist Sarah Meyohas at 303 Gallery. 

Once an aggressive bidder for trophy assets, the company now finds itself in the position of a desperate seller as the price of oil and other commodities falters. Once an aggressive bidder for trophy assets, the company now finds itself in the position of a desperate seller as the price of oil and other commodities falters. James B Stewart Common Sense column cites plight of long-established conglomerate Freeport-McMoRan, which is being pummeled by falling commodities prices, as example of corporate damage being done by steep decline in oil prices; notes its moves into oil and gas have burdened it with heavy debt.

In this exhibition, the artist’s first solo show in America, six works display Ms. Janssens’s gift for manipulating light and texture. In this exhibition, the artist’s first solo show in America, six works display Ms. Janssens’s gift for manipulating light and texture. Roberta Smith reviews first solo exhibit in America by British artist Ann Veronica Janssens at Bortolami gallery.

A survey of the artist’s work reflects a postwar mood of absurdity. A survey of the artist’s work reflects a postwar mood of absurdity. Roberta Smith reviews selection of works by Italian artist Enrico Baj in eponymous exhibit at Luxembourg & Dayan gallery.

Oil’s downturn may not have helped the economy because more oil is being produced domestically, and consumers may not be spending their windfalls. Oil’s downturn may not have helped the economy because more oil is being produced domestically, and consumers may not be spending their windfalls. Many economists say lower oil prices, which have historically been boon for economy, will not bestow economic gain in United States in 2016; consumers are saving on cheaper gasoline, but oil companies are cutting back investment and laying off workers at same time.

This film features women caught up in revenge, torture and the supernatural. This film features women caught up in revenge, torture and the supernatural. Jeannette Catsoulis reviews movie Martyrs, directed by Kevin and Michael Goetz.

The 1,200-square-foot home, built in 1939 in the city’s Brentwood section, will be offered separately from most of its period furnishings. The 1,200-square-foot home, built in 1939 in the city’s Brentwood section, will be offered separately from most of its period furnishings. Eve M Kahn Antiques column; Los Angeles Modern Auctions will sell former home of Jack Larson and James Bridges, designed by Frank Lloyd Wright; Frick Collection announces upcoming exhibition on 18th-century gilder Pierre Gouthiere.

At National Sawdust, a headlong performance drawn from more than two decades of Mr. Braxton’s long career. At National Sawdust, a headlong performance drawn from more than two decades of Mr. Braxton’s long career. Zachary Woolfe reviews performance by experimental jazz group Wet Ink Ensemble at National Sawdust.

Travelers who hold dual citizenship from Iran, Iraq, Sudan or Syria, or have visited one of those countries in the last five years, may no longer participate in the visa-waiver program. Travelers who hold dual citizenship from Iran, Iraq, Sudan or Syria, or have visited one of those countries in the last five years, may no longer participate in the visa-waiver program. Homeland Security Dept announces alterations to visa-waiver program that will make it harder for visitors to enter United States from Europe if they have dual citizenship from Iran, Iraq, Sudan or Syria, or have visited any of those countries in past five years.

This acclaimed pianist’s recital ranged from Mozart, Ravel and Liszt to the New York premiere of his own “Pavane Variée.” This acclaimed pianist’s recital ranged from Mozart, Ravel and Liszt to the New York premiere of his own “Pavane Variée.” James R Oestreich reviews performance by pianist Marc-Andre Hamelin at Carnegie Hall.

In her concert, which opened Lincoln Center’s American Songbook series, Ms. Williams projected the persona of a hard-working, self-possessed entertainer. In her concert, which opened Lincoln Center’s American Songbook series, Ms. Williams projected the persona of a hard-working, self-possessed entertainer. Stephen Holden reviews performance by singer Vanessa Williams, at Lincoln Center as part of American Songbook series.

The rate of gastroschisis has increased about 30 percent since 1995, the agency reported. For young black mothers, the increase was 263 percent. The rate of gastroschisis has increased about 30 percent since 1995, the agency reported. For young black mothers, the increase was 263 percent. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention researchers report alarming increase in frequency of serious birth defect known as gastroschisis; prevalence of defect has risen around 30 percent, to 4.9 births out of 10,000 from 2006 to 2012, from 3.6 per 10,000 between 1995 and 2005; researchers do not why increase is occurring, and note that it is higher among non-Hispanic black teens.

Chris Bell, using his own family as a window onto the subject, examines why Americans take far too many prescription drugs. Chris Bell, using his own family as a window onto the subject, examines why Americans take far too many prescription drugs. Neil Genzliger reviews Chris Bell documentary film Prescription Thugs.

The cow, which had escaped from a slaughterhouse, was corralled by officers after it darted into a parking garage. The cow, which had escaped from a slaughterhouse, was corralled by officers after it darted into a parking garage. Cow that escaped from slaughterhouse in Queens, roaming streets for hours before police could capture him, is returned to its owners. 

Romania’s entry for consideration at the Academy Awards for best foreign-language film, Radu Jude’s historical drama has resonance in our present age. Romania’s entry for consideration at the Academy Awards for best foreign-language film, Radu Jude’s historical drama has resonance in our present age. A O Scott reviews movie Aferim!, directed by Radu Jude and starring Cuzin Toma and Mihai Comanoiu.

With up to a foot of snow expected to fall on Saturday, Mayor Bill de Blasio urged New Yorkers to stay home and said he expected the subways to stay open. With up to a foot of snow expected to fall on Saturday, Mayor Bill de Blasio urged New Yorkers to stay home and said he expected the subways to stay open. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio vows that communication and coordination between his administration and that of New York Gov Andrew M Cuomo as they prepare for upcoming winter storm will be better than in 2015, when lack of coordination created political friction. 

Kelvin Sewell, fired from his job as chief of the Pocomoke City Police Department, and two black officers allege systemic harassment and a hostile atmosphere. Kelvin Sewell, fired from his job as chief of the Pocomoke City Police Department, and two black officers allege systemic harassment and a hostile atmosphere. Former Pocomoke City, Md, Police Chief Kelvin Sewell and two officers file federal lawsuit claiming that they were subjected to discrimination and racial mockery by law enforcement community in city and surrounding Worcester County; Sewell and two officers are black; Sewell claims mostly white City Council fired him him after her refused to fire two officers.

ChinaFile has compiled an online visual database of all the corruption cases that have ensnared senior and low-ranking officials since Mr. Xi took power. ChinaFile has compiled an online visual database of all the corruption cases that have ensnared senior and low-ranking officials since Mr. Xi took power. 

Readers take issue with Paul Krugman, who argued that a “single-payer system just isn’t going to happen” so we need to focus on fixing Obamacare. Readers take issue with Paul Krugman, who argued that a “single-payer system just isn’t going to happen” so we need to focus on fixing Obamacare. 

Members of the Madhesi group have been demanding changes to Nepal’s new Constitution, which they say dilutes their political voice. Members of the Madhesi group have been demanding changes to Nepal’s new Constitution, which they say dilutes their political voice. Nepalese official reports police fired guns and used teargas to quell demonstrations in Rangeli and Dainiya by ethnic Madhesi, killing three and wounding several others; 13 police officers are also wounded in clash.

Is the campaign to remove the statue about unhealed colonial wounds or fear among Westerners that their version of history may be sacrificed? Is the campaign to remove the statue about unhealed colonial wounds or fear among Westerners that their version of history may be sacrificed? 

Brazilian officials said that Zika, a virus linked to brain damage in infants, may be causing an increase in the number of cases of Guillain-Barré, an autoimmune condition. Brazilian officials said that Zika, a virus linked to brain damage in infants, may be causing an increase in the number of cases of Guillain-Barré, an autoimmune condition. Brazilian doctors and officials say mosquito-borne virus called Zika, connected to severe brain damage in babies, may be causing hundreds of cases of rare Guillain-Barre syndrome, resulting in almost complete paralysis for weeks; CDC, which is still researching link between virus and autoimmune illness, warns that this could trigger another serious health crisis.

A reader writes that the potential self-destruction of the party is not accidental. A reader writes that the potential self-destruction of the party is not accidental. 

When a Taliban suicide bomber blew up a bus in Kabul this week, it ended the lives of seven employees of Tolo TV — the intended target. When a Taliban suicide bomber blew up a bus in Kabul this week, it ended the lives of seven employees of Tolo TV — the intended target. Families and co-workers of TV journalists killed in Taliban suicide attack on bus in Kabul reflect on victims' lives; media executives and activists pledge to continue their journalistic work undeterred. 

The office of Mayor Bill de Blasio called the proposal a “responsible budget,” increasing spending by a modest 0.5 percent — and presented it with the warning of an economic downturn. The office of Mayor Bill de Blasio called the proposal a “responsible budget,” increasing spending by a modest 0.5 percent — and presented it with the warning of an economic downturn. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio presents $82.1 billion proposed budget for city; budget mostly lacks any new broad liberal initiatives and is 0.5 percent larger than that of 2015. 

Readers discuss the contamination of the city’s water supply. Readers discuss the contamination of the city’s water supply. 

Ms. Vullo was nominated to lead the Department of Financial Services, which was created in 2011 to oversee Wall Street after the financial crisis. Ms. Vullo was nominated to lead the Department of Financial Services, which was created in 2011 to oversee Wall Street after the financial crisis. New York Gov Andrew M Cuomo nominates prominent litigator Maria T Vullo as new head of Department of Financial Services.

Though James sometimes wishes he could fly under the radar, he should realize that the suffocating surveillance is, in part, a predicament of his own production. Though James sometimes wishes he could fly under the radar, he should realize that the suffocating surveillance is, in part, a predicament of his own production. Harvey Araton On Pro Basketball column argues intense public scrutiny endured by Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James is partly of his own making; suggests if James had never left Cleveland for Miami Heat, drama over his ability to win championship for Cavaliers would have passed. 

The Parents’ Association at the Bronx High School of Science writes that bandwidth has been capped in city schools but that a solution is now available. The Parents’ Association at the Bronx High School of Science writes that bandwidth has been capped in city schools but that a solution is now available. 

Queen Elizabeth II’s birthday celebrations in May will not feature representatives of the Palio race in Tuscany, who said their request for certain conditions was not met. Queen Elizabeth II’s birthday celebrations in May will not feature representatives of the Palio race in Tuscany, who said their request for certain conditions was not met. Representatives of Palio, famous Tuscan horse event, decline offer to participate with other international equestrian groups at 90th birthday celebration of England's Queen Elizabeth II; officials humbly object to necessary compromises involved in staging medieval race outside native Siena. 

Some cellular DNA yields molecules that serve mysterious but important functions in the cell, new research suggests. Some cellular DNA yields molecules that serve mysterious but important functions in the cell, new research suggests. 

Carlyle’s buyout of the software company’s Veritas unit was never actually worth the $8 billion headline figure. Carlyle’s buyout of the software company’s Veritas unit was never actually worth the $8 billion headline figure. 

Mr. Charney, who was fired from American Apparel in 2014, said that the board conspired to wrest control from him and that his alliance with investors was the only way to save the company. Mr. Charney, who was fired from American Apparel in 2014, said that the board conspired to wrest control from him and that his alliance with investors was the only way to save the company. Ousted American Apparel founder Dov Charney argues in Bankruptcy Court in Delaware to gain back control of firm; accuses former partners of stealing company and says new arrangement with investors is last way to save it.

China’s courtship of the National League for Democracy is unnerving Myanmar’s generals. China’s courtship of the National League for Democracy is unnerving Myanmar’s generals. 

Fixing financing for humanitarian aid is urgent in the interest of global stability. Fixing financing for humanitarian aid is urgent in the interest of global stability. 

The Jewish state is most secure when its Arab citizens share in the promise of prosperity. The Jewish state is most secure when its Arab citizens share in the promise of prosperity. Op-Ed article by retired Israeli Major Gen Yoav Gallant argues respect for Arab community and recognition of its interdependence with Jewish citizenry is necessary to curb terrorism and violence in Israel; calls for effort to fight crime and poverty in Arab communities, support their social and economic institutions and allocate more land for Arab population; holds Jews and Arabs have coexisted for centuries and must continue to do so.

The F.B.I. is investigating Julio Pino, an educator in the history department known for incendiary remarks like “death to Israel.” The F.B.I. is investigating Julio Pino, an educator in the history department known for incendiary remarks like “death to Israel.” 

The second-generation Chevy Volt, a plug-in hybrid available this spring, is more efficient than its predecessor, looks better and is about $1,000 less expensive. It’s also fun to drive. The second-generation Chevy Volt, a plug-in hybrid available this spring, is more efficient than its predecessor, looks better and is about $1,000 less expensive. It’s also fun to drive. Driven column review of 2016 Chevy Volt.

Global leaders have attended the World Economic Forum in the past. This year, the actor who plays the president on “House of Cards” is making the scene. Global leaders have attended the World Economic Forum in the past. This year, the actor who plays the president on “House of Cards” is making the scene. 

Conservative intellectuals fear Mr. Trump will spell the end of conservatism, while the cadre in Washington fears Mr. Cruz will build a new party machine and bypass them. Conservative intellectuals fear Mr. Trump will spell the end of conservatism, while the cadre in Washington fears Mr. Cruz will build a new party machine and bypass them. Two powerful factions of Republican party are arguing over whether presidential hopefuls Donald J Trump or Sen Ted Cruz is greater threat; Trump is viewed as danger to conservatism, while Cruz is anti-establishment; divide highlights how presidential candidates' emerging political forces is imperiling party's entrenched power.

A look at the production design for life on Mars in “The Martian.” A look at the production design for life on Mars in “The Martian.” 

A Swedish man’s confession on state television is the latest case of China broadcasting self-criticism as propaganda for an audience of hundreds of millions. A Swedish man’s confession on state television is the latest case of China broadcasting self-criticism as propaganda for an audience of hundreds of millions. Memo From China; televised confession of detained Swedish nongovernmental organization director Peter Dahlin is latest in series of propaganda videos aimed at reasserting Communist Party's primacy; experts assert confessions are obtained under duress and meant to deter both domestic dissent and foreign NGOs from working in China.

The book, by Matt Gallagher, looks at what young American soldiers experienced during their deployments. The book, by Matt Gallagher, looks at what young American soldiers experienced during their deployments. Michiko Kakutani reviews book Youngblood by Matt Gallagher. 

Right to Rise has raised more than $100 million to help Mr. Bush secure the Republican nomination. Critics say it has little to show for it. Right to Rise has raised more than $100 million to help Mr. Bush secure the Republican nomination. Critics say it has little to show for it. Financial backers of Jeb Bush's presidential campaign have begun criticizing super PAC Right to Rise, which raised over $100 million for Bush in 2015, for its inability to have impact on his low standings; frustrations are on display at private meeting between group's chief strategist Mike Murphy and financial backers in Manhattan.

A look at the hurdles and the possibilities related to the negotiations diplomats hope to begin on Monday. A look at the hurdles and the possibilities related to the negotiations diplomats hope to begin on Monday. Q&A analyzes events and issues leading to delay of Geneva peace talks aimed at resolving Syrian conflict; Sec of State John Kerry and Russia's foreign minister, Sergey V Lavrov, met in Zurich to begin discussions but their meeting broke up inconclusively. 

Hewitt, 34, lost in the second round of the Australian Open on Thursday; once doubles are over, he will move into his new role as captain of Australia’s Davis Cup team. Hewitt, 34, lost in the second round of the Australian Open on Thursday; once doubles are over, he will move into his new role as captain of Australia’s Davis Cup team. Christopher Clarey On Tennis column discusses career of Australian tennis star Lleyton Hewitt, who lost his last singles match to David Ferrer in second round of Australian Open; notes once doubles competition is over, Hewitt will take on new role as captain of Australia’s Davis Cup team.

The U.S. market closed higher as the prices of crude oil and natural gas recovered from steep plunges the day before. The U.S. market closed higher as the prices of crude oil and natural gas recovered from steep plunges the day before. Stocks climb and gain back some of their losses from earlier in week, as price of oil marks recovery. 

More than 140 bones and bone fragments were found last summer at the 126th Street Bus Depot in Upper Manhattan, which occupied the site of a Reformed Dutch churchyard. More than 140 bones and bone fragments were found last summer at the 126th Street Bus Depot in Upper Manhattan, which occupied the site of a Reformed Dutch churchyard. New York City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito announces that archaeologists under contract to New York City Economic Development Corporation have found over 140 bones and bone fragments underneath 126th Street Bus Dept in Upper Manhattan; discovery is evidence that site served as burial ground for New Yorkers of African descent from 17th century to 19th century.

When incorrect information strays into a Trip Bundle, there is a way to remove it, and Google has recently made that easier to do. When incorrect information strays into a Trip Bundle, there is a way to remove it, and Google has recently made that easier to do. 

Anya Hindmarch and Caroline Issa were among those at a reception at the prime minister’s office for the project’s introduction. Anya Hindmarch and Caroline Issa were among those at a reception at the prime minister’s office for the project’s introduction. 

Almost all state-funded primary schools are under church control, and Irish law allows them to consider religion the main factor in admissions. Almost all state-funded primary schools are under church control, and Irish law allows them to consider religion the main factor in admissions. Almost every state-funded primary school in Ireland is subject to control by Roman Catholic Church, and Irish law permits them to consider religion key factor in admissions; more non-Catholic families, whose children are often at bottom of admissions lists at already oversubscribed schools, are resentfully trying to find alternatives as issue sparks debate on secularity.

Having tried to mobilize the public in its favor, Airbnb offers to collect $200 million in hotel taxes for cities. Having tried to mobilize the public in its favor, Airbnb offers to collect $200 million in hotel taxes for cities. Fractious battle between room-sharing app Airbnb and hotel industry is taking place in city halls nationwide, including those in New York and Los Angeles, which have approved or are pondering restrictions on service; company is trying to persuade cities by offering to collect $200 million in hotel taxes for them.

More than two feet of snow could hit the Washington region starting Friday, then the storm will move north, with about a foot of snow expected in New York. More than two feet of snow could hit the Washington region starting Friday, then the storm will move north, with about a foot of snow expected in New York. Governors of Georgia, North Carolina, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Virginia declare states of emergency in advance of blizzard that is expected to batter mid-Atlantic states; residents all along coast stock up on supplies in preparation for blizzard, particularly in Washington, DC, which is notorious for handling large snowfalls badly.

Naomi Osaka, who is half Haitian and half Japanese, said she appreciated the support after beating 18th-seeded Elina Svitolina at the Australian Open. Naomi Osaka, who is half Haitian and half Japanese, said she appreciated the support after beating 18th-seeded Elina Svitolina at the Australian Open. Profile of Naomi Osaka, who defeated Elina Svitolina to advance into third round of Australian Open tennis tournament.

The ruble hit a record low against the dollar and a main Russian share index was just above the level it reached after the 2008 global economic crisis. The ruble hit a record low against the dollar and a main Russian share index was just above the level it reached after the 2008 global economic crisis. Russia's economy is staggering from turbulent world stock markets and plummeting oil prices; ruble touches record low against dollar.

In the town that was home to Hieronymus Bosch, a light-filled home tucked behind the remains of 14th-century castle walls is for sale. In the town that was home to Hieronymus Bosch, a light-filled home tucked behind the remains of 14th-century castle walls is for sale. 

The 500-page document, published by the news website Exaro, said the inquiry had heard from many employees who knew of Mr. Savile’s predatory behavior. The 500-page document, published by the news website Exaro, said the inquiry had heard from many employees who knew of Mr. Savile’s predatory behavior. Leaked draft of inquiry into BBC sexual abuse scandal involving on-air personality Jimmy Savile asserts news organization knew about his behavior, dismissed complaints and still discourages whistle-blowers; independent investigation led by retired judge says draft is outdated version of report due in early 2016. 

Australia’s traditional Boxing Day test match drew 127,069 over four days, but a Twenty20 match in the new Big Bash League this month drew 80,883. Australia’s traditional Boxing Day test match drew 127,069 over four days, but a Twenty20 match in the new Big Bash League this month drew 80,883. 

The two Democrats have begun to make closing arguments in sharply distinct ads, with Mrs. Clinton’s emphasizing experience and Mr. Sanders’s projecting hope. The two Democrats have begun to make closing arguments in sharply distinct ads, with Mrs. Clinton’s emphasizing experience and Mr. Sanders’s projecting hope. 

Mr. Sanders has released a powerful new 60-second commercial in Iowa, titled “America,” that seeks to remind supporters how far he, and they, have come. Mr. Sanders has released a powerful new 60-second commercial in Iowa, titled “America,” that seeks to remind supporters how far he, and they, have come. 

Membership in a renewed kibbutz brought one couple the chance to build a seven-bedroom house for their growing family, with views of a reservoir. Membership in a renewed kibbutz brought one couple the chance to build a seven-bedroom house for their growing family, with views of a reservoir. 

The group plans to announce a $130 million initiative to tackle the problem, including reducing the amount of thrown-out crops and excess food at the dinner table. The group plans to announce a $130 million initiative to tackle the problem, including reducing the amount of thrown-out crops and excess food at the dinner table. 

The move comes as the troubled British publisher, which makes the bulk of its sales from its educational-testing activities in the United States, forecast weaker profit. The move comes as the troubled British publisher, which makes the bulk of its sales from its educational-testing activities in the United States, forecast weaker profit. British publisher Pearson says it will eliminate 4,000 jobs worldwide as it shifts its business focus to international education.

More players have won a moment in the tennis spotlight in recent years by beating the former No. 1. But each time, the glow quickly dims. More players have won a moment in the tennis spotlight in recent years by beating the former No. 1. But each time, the glow quickly dims. 

The speeches, often to financial firms, emerge as a central line of attack by both Senator Bernie Sanders and the Republican “super PAC” American Crossroads. The speeches, often to financial firms, emerge as a central line of attack by both Senator Bernie Sanders and the Republican “super PAC” American Crossroads. Hillary Rodham Clinton's paid speeches to Wall Street, netting her over $2 million in less than seven months, are comprising main part of attack from Sen Bernie Sanders in intensifying primary battle; Sanders claims she is too much at beck and call of banking and financial firms to efficaciously stop their excesses; Republican strategists are also trying to use her exorbitant speaking fees against her.

Volkswagen’s position sheds light on its view of the scandal. While it promises to fix the vehicles, it is prepared to admit wrongdoing only in the United States. Volkswagen’s position sheds light on its view of the scandal. While it promises to fix the vehicles, it is prepared to admit wrongdoing only in the United States. Volkswagen is taking aggressive stance in Europe that it did not cheat on diesel emissions tests, as it admitted it did in United States; says its actions were legal on Continent, where it has more than 8.5 million affected vehicles, and huge potential liability in terms of regulatory sanctions and litigation.

The changes were said to include cutting as many as 1,200 jobs as the British bank’s new chief reshapes investment banking operations. The changes were said to include cutting as many as 1,200 jobs as the British bank’s new chief reshapes investment banking operations. Barclays plans to cut back its Asian operations, terminate its physical presence in several countries and eliminate possibly hundreds of jobs as part of worldwide overhaul.

Only a few states have passed laws relating to the testing of autonomous cars, and no state expressly allows a completely unmanned vehicle on the road. Only a few states have passed laws relating to the testing of autonomous cars, and no state expressly allows a completely unmanned vehicle on the road. Wheels column; National League of Cities study finds fully self-driving cars could be ready for road within decade, but only 6 percent of country's biggest cities have planned for them long-term; automakers already sell vehicles with semi-autonomous functions.

The finding represented by far the most damning official link between the 2006 death of Alexander V. Litvinenko, an ex-K.G.B. officer, and the highest levels of the Kremlin. The finding represented by far the most damning official link between the 2006 death of Alexander V. Litvinenko, an ex-K.G.B. officer, and the highest levels of the Kremlin. Report by retired British judge Sir Robert Owen asserts Russian Pres Vladimir V Putin 'probably approved' 2006 operation to kill former KGB officer and Kremlin adversary Alexander V Litvinenko in London using poison polonium.

Saying “conditions have worsened,’’ Mario Draghi, the central bank president, indicated that new measures might come in March. Saying “conditions have worsened,’’ Mario Draghi, the central bank president, indicated that new measures might come in March. European Central Bank's president Mario Draghi indicates stimulus program could be ramped up as early as March, due to low inflation and tumultuous financial markets.

Fears about China and oil that had sent global markets down on the previous day affected Asian markets again on Thursday, but European and American markets were higher. Fears about China and oil that had sent global markets down on the previous day affected Asian markets again on Thursday, but European and American markets were higher. 

Registra tu correo electrónico para recibir el mejor resumen global de noticias de The New York Times en español. Es fácil y gratis. Registra tu correo electrónico para recibir el mejor resumen global de noticias de The New York Times en español. Es fácil y gratis. 

 Mr. Sanders told supporters that he does better than Hillary Clinton in national polls versus Donald J. Trump, and that it was making Wall Street nervous. Mr. Sanders told supporters that he does better than Hillary Clinton in national polls versus Donald J. Trump, and that it was making Wall Street nervous.

 Donald J. Trump continued his criticism of Megyn Kelly of Fox News, who pointedly asked him about his treatment of women at the first Republican debate. Donald J. Trump continued his criticism of Megyn Kelly of Fox News, who pointedly asked him about his treatment of women at the first Republican debate.

For a second season, the designer showed women’s couture looks during the men’s wear presentation. A cobra motif snaked through all the designs. For a second season, the designer showed women’s couture looks during the men’s wear presentation. A cobra motif snaked through all the designs. 

 Senator Charles Grassley did not endorse Donald J. Trump but his appearance on stage with him could help him in his duel with Senator Ted Cruz for the lead in Iowa. Senator Charles Grassley did not endorse Donald J. Trump but his appearance on stage with him could help him in his duel with Senator Ted Cruz for the lead in Iowa.

 Appearing at a mostly full college gymnasium in Iowa, Mr. Beck delivered a forceful case for Mr. Cruz as the only viable option for conservatives. Appearing at a mostly full college gymnasium in Iowa, Mr. Beck delivered a forceful case for Mr. Cruz as the only viable option for conservatives.

 The Register, the largest newspaper in Iowa, announced Saturday night that it had endorsed Senator Marco Rubio in the Republican race and Hillary Clinton in the Democratic race. The Register, the largest newspaper in Iowa, announced Saturday night that it had endorsed Senator Marco Rubio in the Republican race and Hillary Clinton in the Democratic race.

 Donald Trump called Michael Bloomberg, a former mayor of New York, a friend and said he would “love the competition” in the presidential race. Donald Trump called Michael Bloomberg, a former mayor of New York, a friend and said he would “love the competition” in the presidential race.

A photo diary of the Comme Des Garçons, Junya Watanabe and Maison Margiela fall/winter 2016 collections, which were presented yesterday in Paris. A photo diary of the Comme Des Garçons, Junya Watanabe and Maison Margiela fall/winter 2016 collections, which were presented yesterday in Paris. 

 Francis Heaney and Brendan Emmett Quigley turn our Sunday around. Francis Heaney and Brendan Emmett Quigley turn our Sunday around.

Fall 2016 men’s wear designs from Hermés. Fall 2016 men’s wear designs from Hermés. 

 While criticizing Senator Bernie Sanders’ universal health care plan as impractical, Hillary Clinton is reminding voters she tried something similar during her husband’s first term. While criticizing Senator Bernie Sanders’ universal health care plan as impractical, Hillary Clinton is reminding voters she tried something similar during her husband’s first term.

From Alabama to New York, people ventured out in the snow and shared it with the world on social media. From Alabama to New York, people ventured out in the snow and shared it with the world on social media. 

 At a town-hall-style event in New Hampshire, a Jeb Bush supporter complained of being inundated with mailers attacking Mr. Bush’s opponents. At a town-hall-style event in New Hampshire, a Jeb Bush supporter complained of being inundated with mailers attacking Mr. Bush’s opponents.

 In a CNN interview, Art Garfunkel said that the idea to use “America” in an ad came from the campaign, and that the duo, both liberal-leaning, “acquiesced” to the request. In a CNN interview, Art Garfunkel said that the idea to use “America” in an ad came from the campaign, and that the duo, both liberal-leaning, “acquiesced” to the request.

 Gov. John R. Kasich of Ohio, who has been appealing to centrist voters in New Hampshire, called Mr. Bloomberg a “good mayor” and said, “If he wants to run, he probably will stimulate the debate.” Gov. John R. Kasich of Ohio, who has been appealing to centrist voters in New Hampshire, called Mr. Bloomberg a “good mayor” and said, “If he wants to run, he probably will stimulate the debate.”

The latest designs from Olivier Rousteing’s Balmain. The latest designs from Olivier Rousteing’s Balmain. 

What is open and closed as the New York region copes with its first big snowstorm of 2016. What is open and closed as the New York region copes with its first big snowstorm of 2016. 

 More disappointment from economists. More disappointment from economists.

 Bloomberg is on it. Bloomberg is on it.

The snow itself has remained the same but the methods for clearing it have evolved over the last century. The snow itself has remained the same but the methods for clearing it have evolved over the last century. 

 Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon give us something to think about. Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon give us something to think about.

The fall 2016 collection from Dior Homme. The fall 2016 collection from Dior Homme. 

 News flash: progressive can honestly disagree with your candidate’s positions. News flash: progressive can honestly disagree with your candidate’s positions.

 New! Discuss the “A Little Variety” puzzles here. New! Discuss the “A Little Variety” puzzles here.

Men’s wear designs for next fall from Sacai. Men’s wear designs for next fall from Sacai. 

Fall 2016 designs for Kenzo from Humberto Leon and Carol Lim. Fall 2016 designs for Kenzo from Humberto Leon and Carol Lim. 

More than 25 inches of snow fell on parts of Washington and New York by the end of Saturday. More than 25 inches of snow fell on parts of Washington and New York by the end of Saturday. 

Quotation of the Day for Saturday, January 23, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Saturday, January 23, 2016. 

Corrections appearing in print on Saturday, January 23, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Saturday, January 23, 2016. 

The “Entourage” gang is back, and the R&B singer Toni Braxton shares her heartbreak. The “Entourage” gang is back, and the R&B singer Toni Braxton shares her heartbreak. 

A jump shot by Patricio Garino with 1 minute 32 seconds left broke a tie, and George Washington (15-4, 4-2 Atlantic 10) sank five late free throws to seal a 62-58 win over Rhode Island (11-8, 3-3) in Washington. A jump shot by Patricio Garino with 1 minute 32 seconds left broke a tie, and George Washington (15-4, 4-2 Atlantic 10) sank five late free throws to seal a 62-58 win over Rhode Island (11-8, 3-3) in Washington. George Washington beats Rhode Island, 62-58.

Gianni Infantino’s bid to win the FIFA presidency and lead the world soccer body out of the worst graft scandal in its history received a lift Friday when he won backing from Europe’s soccer associations. Gianni Infantino’s bid to win the FIFA presidency and lead the world soccer body out of the worst graft scandal in its history received a lift Friday when he won backing from Europe’s soccer associations. Europe's soccer associations support UEFA candidacy of general secretary Gianni Infantino for FIFA president; other soccer news noted.

The Mets reached agreements with Lucas Duda and Jenrry Mejia, avoiding arbitration with both of them, a person in baseball said. The Mets reached agreements with Lucas Duda and Jenrry Mejia, avoiding arbitration with both of them, a person in baseball said. Mets reportedly agree to terms with first baseman Lucas Duda and reliever Jenrry Mejia.

Aksel Lund Svindal mastered a tricky super-G course in Kitzbühel, Austria, to extend Norway’s World Cup winning streak to five races. Aksel Lund Svindal mastered a tricky super-G course in Kitzbühel, Austria, to extend Norway’s World Cup winning streak to five races. Norway's Aksel Lund Svindal wins super-G World Cup event in Kitzbuhel, Austria, extending Norway's World Cup winning streak to five races.

Fresh off the previous night&#8217;s 6-3 loss to the Devils, the Ottawa Senators received another blow by the Islanders in a 5-2 loss on Friday. Fresh off the previous night&#8217;s 6-3 loss to the Devils, the Ottawa Senators received another blow by the Islanders in a 5-2 loss on Friday. 

The Mets&#8217; front office &#8212; shockingly &#8212; may have pulled off a coup by signing Yoenis Cespedes to a three-year deal. The Mets&#8217; front office &#8212; shockingly &#8212; may have pulled off a coup by signing Yoenis Cespedes to a three-year deal. Tyler Kepner On Baseball column suggests that New York Mets fans may finally be able to trust team owners, citing contract agreement with center fielder Yoenis Cespedes as proof.

FELD--Isabel. January 23, 2000 16 years of missing your smile, quick wit, laughter and warm heart. Your light still shines. Loved and missed every day. Steph 1/3 FELD--Isabel. January 23, 2000 16 years of missing your smile, quick wit, laughter and warm heart. Your light still shines. Loved and missed every day. Steph 1/3 

CHASIN--Dr. Mark, 73. On January 22, 2016 of Monroe, NJ, formerly of Manalapan, NJ. Pre-deceased by his wife Rena in 2003, now beloved husband to Reva SternChasin, amazing father to Jeff (Lisa), Larry (Andrea), and Marni (Lee) and adored grandfather of Shelby Chasin, Samara Chasin, Jake Garfinkle, Jack Chasin, William Chasin and Ryan Garfinkle. Mark grew up in Merrick, NY, graduated from Cornell University (B.S.) and Michigan State (PhD) and dedicated his life to developing new medicines and drug delivery methods. Our world is forever changed. 1/3 CHASIN--Dr. Mark, 73. On January 22, 2016 of Monroe, NJ, formerly of Manalapan, NJ. Pre-deceased by his wife Rena in 2003, now beloved husband to Reva SternChasin, amazing father to Jeff (Lisa), Larry (Andrea), and Marni (Lee) and adored grandfather of Shelby Chasin, Samara Chasin, Jake Garfinkle, Jack Chasin, William Chasin and Ryan Garfinkle. Mark grew up in Merrick, NY, graduated from Cornell University (B.S.) and Michigan State (PhD) and dedicated his life to developing new medicines and drug delivery methods. Our world is forever changed. 1/3 

DAYTON--Robert. Robert Dayton, whose career spanned decades in support of a vibrant downtown Minneapolis, MN, died on January 17th. He was 73 years old. A great-grandson of the founder of Daytons, Bob carried on the family retail and community-oriented legacy. After graduating from Yale in 1964, Bob joined what was to become Dayton Hudson and then Target, rising to become General Merchandise Manager and then Vice President of Stores. While with Daytons, Bob attended the Program for Management Development at Harvard Business School. A merchandiser at heart, Bob became recognized for his deftness in identifying and supporting designers such as Calvin Klein and Ralph Lauren early in their careers. In 1977 Bob left Daytons and purchased Harold, an upscale specialty store for women. Working together with his wife Joanie, Bob restored its iconic status as a Minneapolis retail institution. In 1984 Bob spearheaded the development of The Conservatory, the first enclosed shopping complex in Minneapolis. Throughout his career Bob advocated for a thriving downtown and worked to strengthen the Twin Cities as a major league community through efforts to bring Superbowl XXVI to Minneapolis, keep the Timberwolves, and secure funding for a new outdoor Twins stadium. Bob served on several corporate boards including Northwestern National Bank, First American Funds, and Williams Sonoma. In 1992 Bob became CEO of Okabena, helping transform the Dayton family office into a nationally recognized leader in the then-nascent family office industry. Fiercely loyal to and enormously proud of the people and places he loved, Bob was committed to serving his community. He worked tirelessly on behalf of many non-profits including the Minneapolis Institute of Arts, Abbott Northwestern Hospital, the United Way, and Westminster Presbyterian Church. In addition, Bob served as a Trustee of the Blake School, Carlton College, and the University of Minnesota Foundation. In 1994 Bob founded and was later named Chair Emeritus of the Mentoring Partnership of Minnesota. Bob grew up in Wayzata, Minnesota and attended Blake, Eaglebrook, and Taft. While at Yale, Bob met his wife Joanie, then attending Skidmore College, on a blind date at the Dartmouth Winter Carnival. They were married in 1964 and had three boys. Bob enjoyed a number of hobbies, but none more so than golf. Beginning at Woodhill Country Club, his passion eventually extended east to Pine Valley and west to Cypress Point. He cofounded Spring Hill Golf Club and enjoyed playing in the U.S. Seniors. Bob will always be remembered for his warm heart, wonderful smile, infectious laughter, fantastic sense of humor, and tremendous spirit. He is survived by Joanie, his wife of 51 years, two brothers, three sons, and seven grandchildren. A memorial service will be held on February 18th at Westminster Presbyterian Church in Minneapolis. 1/3 DAYTON--Robert. Robert Dayton, whose career spanned decades in support of a vibrant downtown Minneapolis, MN, died on January 17th. He was 73 years old. A great-grandson of the founder of Daytons, Bob carried on the family retail and community-oriented legacy. After graduating from Yale in 1964, Bob joined what was to become Dayton Hudson and then Target, rising to become General Merchandise Manager and then Vice President of Stores. While with Daytons, Bob attended the Program for Management Development at Harvard Business School. A merchandiser at heart, Bob became recognized for his deftness in identifying and supporting designers such as Calvin Klein and Ralph Lauren early in their careers. In 1977 Bob left Daytons and purchased Harold, an upscale specialty store for women. Working together with his wife Joanie, Bob restored its iconic status as a Minneapolis retail institution. In 1984 Bob spearheaded the development of The Conservatory, the first enclosed shopping complex in Minneapolis. Throughout his career Bob advocated for a thriving downtown and worked to strengthen the Twin Cities as a major league community through efforts to bring Superbowl XXVI to Minneapolis, keep the Timberwolves, and secure funding for a new outdoor Twins stadium. Bob served on several corporate boards including Northwestern National Bank, First American Funds, and Williams Sonoma. In 1992 Bob became CEO of Okabena, helping transform the Dayton family office into a nationally recognized leader in the then-nascent family office industry. Fiercely loyal to and enormously proud of the people and places he loved, Bob was committed to serving his community. He worked tirelessly on behalf of many non-profits including the Minneapolis Institute of Arts, Abbott Northwestern Hospital, the United Way, and Westminster Presbyterian Church. In addition, Bob served as a Trustee of the Blake School, Carlton College, and the University of Minnesota Foundation. In 1994 Bob founded and was later named Chair Emeritus of the Mentoring Partnership of Minnesota. Bob grew up in Wayzata, Minnesota and attended Blake, Eaglebrook, and Taft. While at Yale, Bob met his wife Joanie, then attending Skidmore College, on a blind date at the Dartmouth Winter Carnival. They were married in 1964 and had three boys. Bob enjoyed a number of hobbies, but none more so than golf. Beginning at Woodhill Country Club, his passion eventually extended east to Pine Valley and west to Cypress Point. He cofounded Spring Hill Golf Club and enjoyed playing in the U.S. Seniors. Bob will always be remembered for his warm heart, wonderful smile, infectious laughter, fantastic sense of humor, and tremendous spirit. He is survived by Joanie, his wife of 51 years, two brothers, three sons, and seven grandchildren. A memorial service will be held on February 18th at Westminster Presbyterian Church in Minneapolis. 1/3 

BLAUSTEIN--Helen. The memorial service has changed to Monday, January 25, 11am at "The Riverside," 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. 1/3 BLAUSTEIN--Helen. The memorial service has changed to Monday, January 25, 11am at "The Riverside," 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. 1/3 

Victoria Azarenka of Belarus routed Naomi Osaka of Japan, 6-1, 6-1, and the path in her draw became easier when Garbi&#241;e Muguruza was upset by Barbora Strycova, 6-3, 6-2. Victoria Azarenka of Belarus routed Naomi Osaka of Japan, 6-1, 6-1, and the path in her draw became easier when Garbi&#241;e Muguruza was upset by Barbora Strycova, 6-3, 6-2. Victoria Azarenka defeats Naomi Osaka in third round at Australian Open tennis tournament; other tournament matches noted.

The councilman, a Democrat, posted his coming out statement to Twitter on Friday afternoon. The councilman, a Democrat, posted his coming out statement to Twitter on Friday afternoon. New York City Councilman James Vacca of the Bronx comes out as gay man in Twitter post, garnering outpouring of online support from fellow politicians. 

After a foul was called on Robin Lopez and he was ejected from the game, the Knicks withered. The Clippers went on to win, 116-88, at Madison Square Garden. After a foul was called on Robin Lopez and he was ejected from the game, the Knicks withered. The Clippers went on to win, 116-88, at Madison Square Garden. Los Angeles Clippers defeat New York Knicks, 116-88.

Gordon Hayward led the Jazz with 21 points to extend the Nets’ losing streak. Gordon Hayward led the Jazz with 21 points to extend the Nets’ losing streak. 

Firefighters found the body of Romulo Heras, 61, inside an apartment in East New York shortly after 9 a.m. on Friday. Firefighters found the body of Romulo Heras, 61, inside an apartment in East New York shortly after 9 a.m. on Friday. Brooklyn police rule death of Romulo Heras homicide; body was found inside burning apartment building in East New York. 

Mariano Rajoy’s decision, after an week of talks between King Felipe VI and the leaders of Spain’s main parties, prolongs the country’s political deadlock. Mariano Rajoy’s decision, after an week of talks between King Felipe VI and the leaders of Spain’s main parties, prolongs the country’s political deadlock. 

Eva S. Moskowitz says her network of charter schools has room to improve in how it serves students with disabilities but does not discriminate against them. Eva S. Moskowitz says her network of charter schools has room to improve in how it serves students with disabilities but does not discriminate against them. Success Academy founder Eva S Moskowitz defends her charter schools from accusations of discrimination against disabled students, pushing back against federal complaint filed by group of parents; argues schools have room for improvement on issue, but denies accusations disabled have been targeted for disproportionate discipline. 

Trump doesn’t look so bad when the alternative is Ted Cruz. Trump doesn’t look so bad when the alternative is Ted Cruz. Gail Collins Op-Ed column reflects on fact it is entirely possible Donald Trump could become Republican presidential nominee; attributes Trump's high standing in polls to particularly onerous behavior of Sen Ted Cruz.

In a new ad, Senator Cruz attacks Mr. Trump over a decades-old battle to expand his casino in Atlantic City, portraying his wealth as a product of government overreach. In a new ad, Senator Cruz attacks Mr. Trump over a decades-old battle to expand his casino in Atlantic City, portraying his wealth as a product of government overreach. 

The show was best when it left us with doubts, not answers. The show was best when it left us with doubts, not answers. Anna North Editorial Observer assesses reboot of The X-Files television series; notes series has chosen to grapple with nitty gritty of conspiracy theories and overall political paranoia that has cropped up since show was last aired; suggests focus, which has been received badly, serves largely to illustrate how original series was at its best when it focused on delivering message that some natural phenomena in world will never be explained.

The city’s overburdened public defender system was right to stop taking new cases until the government provides proper funding. The city’s overburdened public defender system was right to stop taking new cases until the government provides proper funding. Editorial highlights fact that New Orleans Public Defenders Office, due to lack of funding, has been forced to turn down case of Deonca Kennedy, charged with negligent homicide for accidental shooting of her 3-year-old grandson; notes underfunded public defense systems are national problem nationwide, but particularly onerous in New Orleans, as primary revenue for public defense comes from court fees for transgressions like traffic violations; calls on Louisiana lawmakers to sufficiently fund system.

The American ambassador was right to prod Israel about the direction it is heading. The American ambassador was right to prod Israel about the direction it is heading. Editorial points to unfair criticism made by Israeli Prime Min Benjamin Netanyahu and his right-wing government about speech given by Daniel Shapiro, American ambassador in Tel Aviv; says fiery backlash is further evidence of Israeli government's move away from seeking two-state solution, for which, lamentably, it may be too late. 

The Azerty keyboard, whose shortcomings make it hard to type common characters, has never been standardized, and the Culture Ministry has asked for changes. The Azerty keyboard, whose shortcomings make it hard to type common characters, has never been standardized, and the Culture Ministry has asked for changes. 

Reactions were varied after the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences said it was taking steps to double the number of female and minority members by 2020. Reactions were varied after the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences said it was taking steps to double the number of female and minority members by 2020. 

The detail emerged in a Westchester County court in the case against Julius Reich, who has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of Dr. Robin Goldman, his wife. The detail emerged in a Westchester County court in the case against Julius Reich, who has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of Dr. Robin Goldman, his wife. Westchester County, NY, prosecutor says Julius Reich, who has been charged with murdering his wife Dr Robin Goldman, stabbed her 21 times in shower at their Scarsdale home.   

Miller scored twice in the second period and Henrik Lundqvist made 30 saves on Friday night to lead the visiting Rangers to a 4-1 win over the Carolina Hurricanes. Miller scored twice in the second period and Henrik Lundqvist made 30 saves on Friday night to lead the visiting Rangers to a 4-1 win over the Carolina Hurricanes. NHL Roundup; New York Rangers defeat Carolina Hurricanes, 4-1; other hockey news noted.

Newly disclosed documents conflict with Iran’s claim it knew nothing about the consultant Mr. Levinson who disappeared in Iran in 2007. Newly disclosed documents conflict with Iran’s claim it knew nothing about the consultant Mr. Levinson who disappeared in Iran in 2007. Iran’s former ambassador to France, Seyed Mehdi Miraboutalebi, says Iran knew about Central Intelligence Agency consultant Robert A Levinson's disappearance in 2007, and was willing to release him if United States helped delay formal critique of Iran's nuclear activities; Iranian leaders have long said they know nothing about Levinson's location or condition. 

In two radio interviews, Seattle General Manager John Schneider said running back Marshawn Lynch, 29, was &#8220;leaning toward retirement&#8221; after an injury-plagued 2015 season. In two radio interviews, Seattle General Manager John Schneider said running back Marshawn Lynch, 29, was &#8220;leaning toward retirement&#8221; after an injury-plagued 2015 season. NFL Roundup; Seattle Seahawks general manager John Schneider reports running back Marshawn Lynch is contemplating retirement; other football news noted.

The Litvinenko killing was old school. Russia is now relying on character assassination online to attack opponents with impunity. The Litvinenko killing was old school. Russia is now relying on character assassination online to attack opponents with impunity. Op-Ed article by Prof Mark Galeotti observes report of British inquiry into assassination of Russian defector Alexander V Litvinenko comes at time when it is clear Russian security forces have realized political costs of assassinations are too high; notes information operations have surpassed spies and assassins as state weapons in Russia and says world of cyberwarfare is new arena for Russia's covert wars. 

The Huskies, 13-5 with a key matchup with Georgetown looming, won the national championship in 2014 after an indifferent regular season. The Huskies, 13-5 with a key matchup with Georgetown looming, won the national championship in 2014 after an indifferent regular season. Connecticut men's basketball team has struggled to find cohesion this season, but UConn coach Kevin Ollie is hopeful his players can pull it together before March, and NCAA tournament, arrive. 

It’s dangerous and damaging to assume that violence is a symptom of this disease. It’s dangerous and damaging to assume that violence is a symptom of this disease. Op-Ed article by United States Army veteran Nate Bethea examines Sara Palin's comments linking her son's post-traumatic stress disorder to his arrest on domestic violence charges; explains how such comments create problematic, and enduring, image of veterans as ticking time bombs, and describes his own experience with PTSD.

Health officials said the people infected with the pathogen, which is spreading in Latin America and the Caribbean, had been abroad. Health officials said the people infected with the pathogen, which is spreading in Latin America and the Caribbean, had been abroad. New York State officials disclose three residents have tested positive for mosquito-borne Zika virus; all three patients had traveled to foreign countries where virus is present. 

The White House is working with Hillary Clinton&#8217;s campaign in ways large and small. Their two staffs consult on issues and the positions she takes on the president&#8217;s policy priorities. The White House is working with Hillary Clinton&#8217;s campaign in ways large and small. Their two staffs consult on issues and the positions she takes on the president&#8217;s policy priorities. Pres Obama has stated he will not endorse a Democratic presidential candidate during primaries, but his staff is working closely with Hillary Clinton's staff and it is known that his aides view her as better qualified to protect Obama's legacy; Clinton campaign is maintaining solid contacts with staff throughout White House to ward off conflicts that could jeopardize an endorsement.

A woman and her daughter are both listed in stable condition after they were robbed outside a hotel near the airport, the police said. A woman and her daughter are both listed in stable condition after they were robbed outside a hotel near the airport, the police said. Woman is shot and her daughter is injured during robbery outside hotel near Kennedy International Airport in Queens. 

In a reversal, a judge said the examination of Sumner Redstone, executive chairman of Viacom, was needed to obtain sufficient evidence in a case questioning his mental competence. In a reversal, a judge said the examination of Sumner Redstone, executive chairman of Viacom, was needed to obtain sufficient evidence in a case questioning his mental competence. Judge David J Cowan of Los Angeles County Superior Court orders Sumner M Redstone, ailing 92-year-old executive chairman of Viacom and CBS, to undergo medical exam to ascertain his mental health; ruling comes as major development in ongoing legal battle over Redstone's mental competence.

The technology giant says it will change how it calculates its tax payments in Britain so they are based on a percentage of local sales derived from the country. The technology giant says it will change how it calculates its tax payments in Britain so they are based on a percentage of local sales derived from the country. Google becomes latest United States technology company to settle claims that it does not pay its fair share of taxes in Europe after it agrees to pay 130 million pounds in back taxes to Britain. 

Many of the gardens occupy plots of land owned by the City of New York, leaving residents who have tended them for years with few options to oppose the changes. Many of the gardens occupy plots of land owned by the City of New York, leaving residents who have tended them for years with few options to oppose the changes. New Yorkers who have long tended local community gardens are left without recourse after city announces it will raze more than a dozen to clear land for affordable housing as part of effort by Mayor Bill de Blasio to expand housing supply across the five boroughs; other gardens are threatened by private development and legal disputes; red-hot real estate market has made purchasing new land for gardens prohibitively expensive. 

A snowstorm rewards indolence and punishes go-getters, which is why it’s the best natural disaster there is. A snowstorm rewards indolence and punishes go-getters, which is why it’s the best natural disaster there is. 

A major component of the overhaul will be the creation of a new agency that will process federal background checks, called the National Background Investigations Bureau. A major component of the overhaul will be the creation of a new agency that will process federal background checks, called the National Background Investigations Bureau. Obama administration announces Defense Dept will take over storage of personal information and records resulting from federal background checks on government employees, part of response to 2015 cybersecurity breach at Office of Personnel Management that compromised records of more than 20 million people; Pres Obama will request $95 million in 2017 budget for comprehensive overhaul of nation's cybersecurity program, including creation of National Background Investigations Bureau, which will process all federal background checks.

The water in Flint and the schools in Detroit have people asking whether Michigan has appointed too many emergency managers in largely black jurisdictions. The water in Flint and the schools in Detroit have people asking whether Michigan has appointed too many emergency managers in largely black jurisdictions. Michigan's dual crises of tainted water in Flint and decrepit school system in Detroit have revived anger among many residents over what is perceived as overreach in state's use of emergency managers in largely black jurisdictions; under Gov Rick Snyder's administration, which began in 2011, seven cities or school districts in state have been placed under emergency managers appointed by governor, rather than by local officials closer to community residents. 

Mr. Moffat, the lead writer and an executive producer of the popular BBC science-fiction series, will leave after the 2017 season. Mr. Moffat, the lead writer and an executive producer of the popular BBC science-fiction series, will leave after the 2017 season. Steven Moffat, lead writer and executive producer of BBC series Dr Who, will leave show in 2017. 

A gunman was apprehended after wounding a Miami Gardens police officer in a parked patrol vehicle in an ambush-style attack, the police said. A gunman was apprehended after wounding a Miami Gardens police officer in a parked patrol vehicle in an ambush-style attack, the police said. Miami Gardens, Fla, police say David Andres Mejia was detained after wounding Police Officer David Starling in ambush-style attack.

Two police officers whose official accounts of a 2014 fatal shooting of a black teenager by a white officer, Jason Van Dyke, contradict parts of a squad-car video have been put on desk duty until investigations are complete. Two police officers whose official accounts of a 2014 fatal shooting of a black teenager by a white officer, Jason Van Dyke, contradict parts of a squad-car video have been put on desk duty until investigations are complete. Chicago Police Officer Joseph Walsh and Detective David March are placed on desk duty pending completion of investigation into 2014 fatal shooting of black teenager Laquan McDonald by Officer Jason Van Dyke; Walsh and March made statements supporting Van Dyke that were contradicted by squad-car video of encounter that surfaced after investigation. 

As fingers point to China as a source of economic concern, its supporters note its potential for growth. As fingers point to China as a source of economic concern, its supporters note its potential for growth. Investors and chief executives attending World Economic Forum blame slump in global markets on China's economic downshift; some, however, offer more nuanced picture, arguing that country has potential for growth as it evolves from economy focused on industry and exports to one of consumption.

More than 200 administrative employees are being laid off and another 180 already-vacant positions will be closed, the district said. More than 200 administrative employees are being laid off and another 180 already-vacant positions will be closed, the district said. Chicago Public Schools district announces over 200 administrative employees will be laid off and 180 already-vacant positions will be closed, which will save city $45.1 million per year.

Packaged salads produced at a Dole facility in Ohio are linked to one death in Michigan, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said. Packaged salads produced at a Dole facility in Ohio are linked to one death in Michigan, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says packaged salads from Dole facility in Ohio are linked to one death and 12 hospitalizations from listeria infection. 

Philips, the electronics giant, said it had terminated an agreement to sell a controlling stake in its automotive and LED components business because of regulatory concerns in the United States. Philips, the electronics giant, said it had terminated an agreement to sell a controlling stake in its automotive and LED components business because of regulatory concerns in the United States. Dutch electronics giant Philips announces that it has terminated agreement to sell controlling stake in its automotive and LED components business to GO Scale Capital; says move is due to regulatory concerns raised by Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States.

The appearance of angels, an unexpected birth and a violent death coincide in this drama, written by Gee Malik Linton. The appearance of angels, an unexpected birth and a violent death coincide in this drama, written by Gee Malik Linton. Glenn Kenny reviews Gee Malik Linton movie Exposed, starring Keanu Reeves. 

Lauren Cohan stars in this small-cast thriller, directed by William Brent Bell, which has enough scary moments to satisfy horror fans. Lauren Cohan stars in this small-cast thriller, directed by William Brent Bell, which has enough scary moments to satisfy horror fans. Neil Genzlinger reviews movie The Boy, written by Stacey Menear and directed by William Brent Bell.

Mr. Wohl’s multimedia piece for string quartet and percussion had its debut at the Baryshnikov Arts Center. Mr. Wohl’s multimedia piece for string quartet and percussion had its debut at the Baryshnikov Arts Center. Vivien Schweitzer reviews premiere of multimedia piece Holographic by composer Daniel Wohl, featuring Holographic String Quartet and Mantra Percussion, at Baryshnikov Arts Center.

In this comedy directed by Dan Mazer, Mr. De Niro’s character cajoles his grandson to take a road trip to Florida with him in time for spring break. In this comedy directed by Dan Mazer, Mr. De Niro’s character cajoles his grandson to take a road trip to Florida with him in time for spring break. Nicolas Rapold reviews movie Dirty Grandpa, directed by Dan Mazer and starring Zac Efron and Robert De Niro. 

This music-theater piece, at the Abrons Arts Center, finds a vainglorious girl in love with both a boat and a horse. This music-theater piece, at the Abrons Arts Center, finds a vainglorious girl in love with both a boat and a horse. Charles Isherwood reviews musical theater piece A Ride on the Irish Cream, written by and starring Erin Markey and directed by Jordan Fein, at Abrons Arts Center.

Presented at Montclair State University, this piece by the Dutch composer Michel van der Aa adapts a hard-to-classify work by the Portuguese writer Fernando Pessoa. Presented at Montclair State University, this piece by the Dutch composer Michel van der Aa adapts a hard-to-classify work by the Portuguese writer Fernando Pessoa. James R Oestreich reviews American premiere of Michel van der Aa opera The Book of Disquiet, featuring fado singer Ana Moura, music by 15-piece musical ensemble and actor Samuel West, at Montclair State University as part of its Peak Performances series.

A loose interpretation of Sophocles that features a live pig, this show at New York Live Arts in Chelsea also includes “Elektra Cabaret.” A loose interpretation of Sophocles that features a live pig, this show at New York Live Arts in Chelsea also includes “Elektra Cabaret.” Siobhan Burke reviews premieres of two dance pieces choreographed and performed by Ann Liv Young and her company at New York Live Arts. 

“An Evening With Lypsinka’s Maid,” Mr. Epperson’s new show at Feinstein’s/54 Below, features him without his female alter ego. “An Evening With Lypsinka’s Maid,” Mr. Epperson’s new show at Feinstein’s/54 Below, features him without his female alter ego. Stephen Holden reviews concert by drag actor, singer and pianist John Epperson at Feinstein’s/54 Below.  

An exhibition opening at the German Historical Museum in Berlin shows 100 works clandestinely created by Jews in Nazi-occupied territories. An exhibition opening at the German Historical Museum in Berlin shows 100 works clandestinely created by Jews in Nazi-occupied territories. Holocaust memorial group Yad Vashem presents exhibition titled Art From the Holocaust, featuring 100 works clandestinely created by 50 artists during Holocaust era, at German Historical Museum in Berlin. 

Mr. Trump, in a new negative commercial, assails Mr. Cruz over immigration using footage from Mr. Cruz’s past that shows him uncomfortable and off-script. Mr. Trump, in a new negative commercial, assails Mr. Cruz over immigration using footage from Mr. Cruz’s past that shows him uncomfortable and off-script. 

Others were wounded in the shooting in the northern Saskatchewan town of La Loche, but the police offered few details. Others were wounded in the shooting in the northern Saskatchewan town of La Loche, but the police offered few details. Royal Canadian Mounted Police say four people were killed in school shooting in La Loche, Saskatchewan; suspect has been detained and is in police custody; unknown number of people were injured in shooting.

After appearing lost in a crowded Republican field, the Ohio governor has been enjoying a wave of attention in the first primary state as a serious and nonangry candidate. After appearing lost in a crowded Republican field, the Ohio governor has been enjoying a wave of attention in the first primary state as a serious and nonangry candidate. Ohio Gov John Kasich is enjoying bump in polls in New Hampshire, receiving endorsements from several newspapers in state in advance of its Republican presidential primary; Kasich has drawn independent voters in state with message focused on balanced budgets and working with Democrats, crucial factor in state that allows independents to vote in primaries of either party.

The animal, who has been named after Freddie Mercury, the lead singer of the band Queen, will live in New Jersey. The animal, who has been named after Freddie Mercury, the lead singer of the band Queen, will live in New Jersey. Skylands Animal Sanctuary & Rescue in Wantage, NJ, adopts cow that had escaped from New York City slaughterhouse, naming it after rock star Freddie Mercury. 

Cleveland fired Coach David Blatt despite the team&#8217;s 30-11 record. General Manager David Griffin said the team was regressing. Cleveland fired Coach David Blatt despite the team&#8217;s 30-11 record. General Manager David Griffin said the team was regressing. Cleveland Cavaliers fire head coach David Blatt in organizational reshuffling that began before All-Star break.

The occupiers and federal officials are trading volleys over who is better at protecting and conserving American Indian artifacts. The occupiers and federal officials are trading volleys over who is better at protecting and conserving American Indian artifacts. Antigovernment protesters occupying Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon try to enlist support of Burns Paiute Tribe and of local ranchers, in face of escalating demands from area residents and state officials that they vacate property.

A scientific consensus that deflation of footballs in the 2015 A.F.C. title game could be explained by physics has not done anything to mitigate the Patriots’ punishment. A scientific consensus that deflation of footballs in the 2015 A.F.C. title game could be explained by physics has not done anything to mitigate the Patriots’ punishment. Joe Nocera Sports Business column notes there is overwhelming scientific consensus New England Patriots did not deflate footballs in AFC Championship game against Indianapolis Colts in 2015; holds true scandal is that despite such evidence, NFL has done nothing to mitigate impact of allegations on Brady, or to undo punishment of Patriots and owner Robert K Kraft.

The prosecutor’s office said it had detained a new suspect and released one who had been detained, though the man who was released will be required to appear before a judge. The prosecutor’s office said it had detained a new suspect and released one who had been detained, though the man who was released will be required to appear before a judge. Belgian prosecutor's office announces it has detained Zakaria J, new suspect in Paris terrorist attacks, and has released another who had been previously detained; announcement brings total of people detained in connection with attacks in Belgium to nine people.

The chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said American and Iraqi officials had begun discussion on how to “integrate” Americans with Iraqi military units. The chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said American and Iraqi officials had begun discussion on how to “integrate” Americans with Iraqi military units. United States defense officials say commanders are considering whether to put in place US forces at Iraqi military bases and outposts north of Baghdad in advance of coming fight against Islamic State militants in Mosul.

The blocked law, adopted last April, would ban the most common method used in second-trimester abortions, known as dilation and evacuation. The blocked law, adopted last April, would ban the most common method used in second-trimester abortions, known as dilation and evacuation. Kansas Court of Appeals, by issuing split decision, rules that state Constitution protects woman's right to abortion;  7-7 vote means lower court ruling, which blocked enforcement of 2015 state law banning most common method used in second-trimester abortion, must be upheld; tie among justices indicates issue is likely to be revisited, at state Supreme Court level.

Ms. Handler wrestles with, and chuckles about, marriage, racism, Silicon Valley and drugs in four talk-show-like documentaries on Netflix. Ms. Handler wrestles with, and chuckles about, marriage, racism, Silicon Valley and drugs in four talk-show-like documentaries on Netflix. Neil Genzlinger reviews Netflix four-part documentary series Chelsea Does ... by comedian Chelsea Handler. 

The decision to delay the second round of voting came less than 48 hours before polling stations were to open. The decision to delay the second round of voting came less than 48 hours before polling stations were to open. Haiti's Provision Electoral Council says presidential runoff election will be postponed as protesters block roads and burn voting centers; no new date for election has been put forth.

The directors Randy Barbato and Fenton Bailey discuss their documentary “Mapplethorpe: Look at the Pictures” and the artist’s legacy. The directors Randy Barbato and Fenton Bailey discuss their documentary “Mapplethorpe: Look at the Pictures” and the artist’s legacy. 

Changes by the Delaware courts have raised the hurdles and may drive smaller law firms out of the business. Changes by the Delaware courts have raised the hurdles and may drive smaller law firms out of the business. 

A decision on how to thwart the Islamic State’s beachhead in Libya could come very soon, Obama administration officials said this week. A decision on how to thwart the Islamic State’s beachhead in Libya could come very soon, Obama administration officials said this week. United States commanders and intelligence officials say they and their allies have stepped up number of reconnaissance flights and increased intelligence collection in Libya in anticipation of possible airstrikes or commando raids; officials say increased activity is intended to curb expansion of influence of Islamic State group in country.

Goldman Sachs reduced the pay of Lloyd Blankfein by $1 million, bringing his pay to $23 million; Morgan Stanley cut the pay of James P. Gorman by $1.5 million to $21 million. Goldman Sachs reduced the pay of Lloyd Blankfein by $1 million, bringing his pay to $23 million; Morgan Stanley cut the pay of James P. Gorman by $1.5 million to $21 million. Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley cut pay packages of their chief executives Lloyd C Blankfein and James P Gorman; move comes as firms face difficulties following increased regulation and market turmoil in 2015.

Robo-advisers run on autopilot, cost a fraction of traditional advisers’ fees and are usually available to small investors, but the risk approaches vary. Robo-advisers run on autopilot, cost a fraction of traditional advisers’ fees and are usually available to small investors, but the risk approaches vary. Tara Siegel Bernard Your Money column notes rising popularity of robo-advisers, automated services that give investors access to professionally managed portfolios at low cost, noting that risk of using these services can vary; examines several customized robo-advisers launched by investment companies over past year.

Stung by criticism of its all-white Oscar nominations, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences said it would overhaul its structure to increase diversity. Stung by criticism of its all-white Oscar nominations, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences said it would overhaul its structure to increase diversity. Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announces it is overhauling its structure and processes after overwhelmingly white field of nominees led to widely publicized calls for boycott of 2016 Academy Awards ceremony; board says its goal is to double number of female and minority members by 2020.

A Spanish judge released Humberto Moreira, a former governor of the Mexican state of Coahuila, who was arrested on a money-laundering charge. A Spanish judge released Humberto Moreira, a former governor of the Mexican state of Coahuila, who was arrested on a money-laundering charge. 

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention added eight destinations to a list of countries that pregnant women should avoid to prevent infection. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention added eight destinations to a list of countries that pregnant women should avoid to prevent infection. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention officials add Barbados, Bolivia, Ecuador, Guadeloupe, St Martin, Guyana, Samoa and Cape Verde to list of places pregnant women should avoid due to Zika virus, which is known to cause brain damage in newborns.

Regulators said the latest death, in a Ford pickup, was the first Takata-related fatality in a non-Honda vehicle. Regulators said the latest death, in a Ford pickup, was the first Takata-related fatality in a non-Honda vehicle. Federal safety regulators expand recall of cars with Takata airbags from 19 to 24 million and extend it to vehicles made by Volkswagen and Mercedes-Benz after 10th death is linked to them; regulators blame airbags' propellant, ammonium nitrate, which breaks down over time when exposed to moisture, and can cause it to explode. 

After a leave of absence, Kerr returned to the Warriors’ bench on Friday, receiving an ovation before Golden State tipped off against the Indiana Pacers. After a leave of absence, Kerr returned to the Warriors’ bench on Friday, receiving an ovation before Golden State tipped off against the Indiana Pacers. NBA Roundup; Golden State Warriors coach Steve Kerr, who underwent two back operations, delaying his return to court, makes long-awaited season debut in team's 112-120 victory over Indiana Pacers; other basketball scores noted. 

With a win on Saturday, Vonn will surpass Annemarie Moser-Pröll to become the most decorated downhill racer in World Cup history with 37 career wins. With a win on Saturday, Vonn will surpass Annemarie Moser-Pröll to become the most decorated downhill racer in World Cup history with 37 career wins. 

Existing-home sales jumped 14.7 percent from a 19-month low partly cause by new mortgage disclosure rules that slowed contract closings. Existing-home sales jumped 14.7 percent from a 19-month low partly cause by new mortgage disclosure rules that slowed contract closings. National Assn of Realtors reports that existing-home sales in December 2015 jumped record 14.7 percent at annual rate of 5.46 million units, partly because new mortgage disclosure rules delayed closings in November. 

The festival’s founder and its director declined to weigh in on this year’s all-white slate of actor nominees, but a documentary on Norman Lear tackled the race issue. The festival’s founder and its director declined to weigh in on this year’s all-white slate of actor nominees, but a documentary on Norman Lear tackled the race issue. 

Prospective public companies are postponing initial offerings in the face of an uncertain stock market, given the ready availability of private investment. Prospective public companies are postponing initial offerings in the face of an uncertain stock market, given the ready availability of private investment. 

A physicist in California has engineered a method to make “identical twin” snowflakes. A physicist in California has engineered a method to make “identical twin” snowflakes. 

Readers take issue with Nicholas Kristof’s stress on gun safety instead of gun control. Readers take issue with Nicholas Kristof’s stress on gun safety instead of gun control. 

Doctors write that performance metrics based on “chartable outcomes” often won’t lead to improved care. Doctors write that performance metrics based on “chartable outcomes” often won’t lead to improved care. 

Investors value the search firm’s earnings from fast-growing digital advertising twice as highly as Apple’s from a saturating smartphone market. They may be overlooking serious risks. Investors value the search firm’s earnings from fast-growing digital advertising twice as highly as Apple’s from a saturating smartphone market. They may be overlooking serious risks. 

Strikes and protests by workers have cropped up as the Russian government cut salaries and subsidies in response to plunging oil revenues. Strikes and protests by workers have cropped up as the Russian government cut salaries and subsidies in response to plunging oil revenues. Illegal wildcat strikes and unauthorized protests take place throughout Russia as government continues to cut salaries and subsidies in response to plunging oil revenues; oil fell below $30 per barrel in January 2016, and ruble hit record low of nearly 85 to dollar before slight recovery began. 

The U.S. Business and Industry Council writes that “harder talk and more public talk are inadequate.” The U.S. Business and Industry Council writes that “harder talk and more public talk are inadequate.” 

The National Mining Association writes that it is “the latest symbolic yet costly gesture to show climate leadership.” The National Mining Association writes that it is “the latest symbolic yet costly gesture to show climate leadership.” 

The sponsors of a petition to permit the airdrops take issue with a congressman’s reservations. The sponsors of a petition to permit the airdrops take issue with a congressman’s reservations. 

As recently as two weeks ago, residents of the community in central New York voted to keep the official seal, which depicts a wrestling match between a white man and the local American Indian chief. As recently as two weeks ago, residents of the community in central New York voted to keep the official seal, which depicts a wrestling match between a white man and the local American Indian chief. Village of Whitesboro, NY, says it will work with Oneida Indian Nation to alter official village seal depicting founding father throttling Native American; emblem survived decades of opposition, and was recently endorsed once again by residents, but failed to survive withering criticism after awareness grew online. 

Thousands of flights have been canceled, a travel ban is in place in New York, and some hotels are offering specials for snowed-in travelers. Thousands of flights have been canceled, a travel ban is in place in New York, and some hotels are offering specials for snowed-in travelers. 

It may be time to put trust in the decisions of Mets’ management, especially when it comes to an expensive free-agent contract that can handcuff a team for years. It may be time to put trust in the decisions of Mets’ management, especially when it comes to an expensive free-agent contract that can handcuff a team for years. 

On Friday, Tad Smith, the auction house’s president, attributed particular fourth-quarter results to a combination of a sales shortfall and related expenses. On Friday, Tad Smith, the auction house’s president, attributed particular fourth-quarter results to a combination of a sales shortfall and related expenses. Sotheby's announces loss of $12 million in its fourth quarter of 2015, citing revenue shortfall and related expenses accrued in sale of disgraced former chairman A Alfred Taubman's collection, which was obtained on $515 million commitment.

A man shot to death by the French police was not part of a wider terrorist organization when he approached a station on Jan. 7, German investigators said. A man shot to death by the French police was not part of a wider terrorist organization when he approached a station on Jan. 7, German investigators said. 

If the snowfall ends Saturday night, New Yorkers and their landlords will most likely have until 11 a.m. on Sunday to clear snow from their properties. If the snowfall ends Saturday night, New Yorkers and their landlords will most likely have until 11 a.m. on Sunday to clear snow from their properties. 

A list of some worthy streaming video options, organized into four categories. A list of some worthy streaming video options, organized into four categories. 

A former senior fellow of the Harvard Corporation responds to suggestions that Harvard should offer free undergraduate tuition. A former senior fellow of the Harvard Corporation responds to suggestions that Harvard should offer free undergraduate tuition. 

Ezra Nawi has become a symbol in the battle between advocacy groups on opposite sides of Israel’s political spectrum, and the debate over the nature of Israel. Ezra Nawi has become a symbol in the battle between advocacy groups on opposite sides of Israel’s political spectrum, and the debate over the nature of Israel. Arrest of Israeli Jewish left-wing activist Ezra Nawi has become latest example of increasingly contentious debate over nature of Israeli society and its democracy; Nawi was arrested for using questionable tactics to expose those who sell Palestinian land to Jewish settlers, which were uncovered when rival group used hidden camera to record him; tension between left and right in country has been intensified by proposed legislation calling for nongovernmental organizations to disclose funding from foreign governments.

Despite the endless complaining about how difficult Washington has made things for bankers, Wall Street has entered a Golden Age. Despite the endless complaining about how difficult Washington has made things for bankers, Wall Street has entered a Golden Age. 

The best-actress nominee drew widespread condemnation online. The best-actress nominee drew widespread condemnation online. 

Belinda Bencic, still just 18, has secured herself a fourth-round match with Maria Sharapova at the Australian Open. Belinda Bencic, still just 18, has secured herself a fourth-round match with Maria Sharapova at the Australian Open. Belinda Bencic, who is preparing to face Maria Sharapova in fourth round of Australian Open tennis tournament, is not the fastest or most powerful player, but at young age of 18, is serious threat.

Right to Rise, the “super PAC” supporting Mr. Bush, uses Mr. Kasich’s record as a governor and congressman from Ohio to paint him as out of step with New Hampshire values. Right to Rise, the “super PAC” supporting Mr. Bush, uses Mr. Kasich’s record as a governor and congressman from Ohio to paint him as out of step with New Hampshire values. 

Johnson, a brash competitor, delivered on his promise to win gold in 1984, at Sarajevo, but was severely injured in a 2001 comeback at age 40 aimed at winning back his ex-wife. Johnson, a brash competitor, delivered on his promise to win gold in 1984, at Sarajevo, but was severely injured in a 2001 comeback at age 40 aimed at winning back his ex-wife. Bill Johnson, skier who in 1984 became first American man to win Olympic gold metal in downhill racing, dies at age 55.

A crowd gathered in City Hall to hear the de Blasio administration present its plan to limit horse carriages to Central Park and ban pedicabs from the park’s southern section. A crowd gathered in City Hall to hear the de Blasio administration present its plan to limit horse carriages to Central Park and ban pedicabs from the park’s southern section. Supporters and opponents of New York City's horse-carriage industry gather at City Hall to hear Mayor Bill de Blasio's administration detail plan that will limit carriages to Central Park; critics point to logistical gaps in plan.  

A proposed measure might also limit Congress’s own ability to require the government to embrace good governance values. A proposed measure might also limit Congress’s own ability to require the government to embrace good governance values. 

Gov. Rick Snyder acknowledged failures on the state’s part in the lead contamination of the majority-black city’s water but rejected the label of “environmental racism.” Gov. Rick Snyder acknowledged failures on the state’s part in the lead contamination of the majority-black city’s water but rejected the label of “environmental racism.” Michigan Gov Rick Snyder denies race was factor in state's slow response to lead contamination of drinking water in Flint, population of which is mostly black; Snyder suspends two state environmental regulators for their role in crisis.

Dimitrov, 24, who rose to No. 8 in 2014 but has regressed to No. 28, has long been compared to Federer, 34, who eliminated him from the Australian Open on Friday. Dimitrov, 24, who rose to No. 8 in 2014 but has regressed to No. 28, has long been compared to Federer, 34, who eliminated him from the Australian Open on Friday. 

The rules, aimed at gas and oil drilling on public lands, are intended to curb the release of methane, which contributes to global warming. The rules, aimed at gas and oil drilling on public lands, are intended to curb the release of methane, which contributes to global warming. Interior Dept proposes draft regulation meant to curb emissions of methane from oil and gas drilling operations on public land, part of Obama administration's efforts to address global warming by restricting fossil fuel emissions.

Many Christian groups have become active in the movement, but conservative evangelicals are uncomfortable with its embrace of liberal politics, associated with Democrats. Many Christian groups have become active in the movement, but conservative evangelicals are uncomfortable with its embrace of liberal politics, associated with Democrats. Mark Oppenheimer Beliefs column explores difficult questions some Evangelical groups, which are more conservative than other Christian organizations, face about whether or not to support Black Lives Matter movement. 

The government-backed Russian Direct Investment Fund is in the spotlight for making a big loan to Sibur, two of whose major owners have ties to President Vladimir Putin. The government-backed Russian Direct Investment Fund is in the spotlight for making a big loan to Sibur, two of whose major owners have ties to President Vladimir Putin. Government-backed Russian Direct Investment Fund is in spotlight for making $1.75 billion loan to country's largest petrochemical company Sibur, which has close ties to Pres Vladimir V Putin; Kirill Dmitriev, chief executive of fund, argues that loan followed investment's guidelines, and was commercially, not politically, motivated.  

To maintain enough support for a military base, the U.S. and Japan must address residents' concerns. To maintain enough support for a military base, the U.S. and Japan must address residents' concerns. 

The philanthropist who initially funded First Scholars is suing an affiliate university that ended the program, accusing it of breaching its contract. The philanthropist who initially funded First Scholars is suing an affiliate university that ended the program, accusing it of breaching its contract. Wealth Matters column; philanthropist Eric Suder is suing University of Alabama for breach of contract, after university abruptly dropped scholarship program he funded; philanthropic advisers say such quick terminations are rare and can have negative effect on current and future donors who fear similar fates.

Evidence emerged that the plaintiff might have provided misleading testimony about his finances. Evidence emerged that the plaintiff might have provided misleading testimony about his finances. First federal civil trial against General Motors over defective ignitions ends when plaintiff drops his claim after evidence emerges that he might have provided misleading testimony regarding his finances; trial was first of six so-called bellwether cases for GM, after automaker began recalling 2.6 million cars for defective ignition switches, which are linked to at least 124 deaths.

Readers respond to the nuclear deal with Iran, a deteriorating state of affairs in Nigera and Britain’s Parliament debating Donald Trump. Readers respond to the nuclear deal with Iran, a deteriorating state of affairs in Nigera and Britain’s Parliament debating Donald Trump. 

As insurgent groups gain territory, Azizullah Royesh, an education leader in Afghanistan, expressed regret that, despite progress in schools, the government remains unchanged. As insurgent groups gain territory, Azizullah Royesh, an education leader in Afghanistan, expressed regret that, despite progress in schools, the government remains unchanged. Saturday Profile of Azizullah Royesh, Afghan education activist and head of Marefat High School; Royesh, who is from mostly Shiite ethnic minority known as Hazaras, became tireless advocate of education as way into professional and governing class for minorities following his return to country from exile in 1986.

The devastating events of 2015 changed all of our lives in a much more fundamental way than we like to admit. The devastating events of 2015 changed all of our lives in a much more fundamental way than we like to admit. 

Our selection of web gems also looks at bike sharing and death. Our selection of web gems also looks at bike sharing and death. 

Heads are spinning. Heads are spinning. 

Shares of American Express sank more than 12 percent after the company said it would slash spending to cope with the rising dollar. Shares of American Express sank more than 12 percent after the company said it would slash spending to cope with the rising dollar. Stocks make their biggest gains in four months, lifted by surging oil prices and gains in technology sector.

The first class of honorees for the “Legends at Lincoln Center” initiative will be chosen next month, with an induction ceremony planned for June. The first class of honorees for the “Legends at Lincoln Center” initiative will be chosen next month, with an induction ceremony planned for June. Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts announces plans to create its own hall of fame called Legends at Lincoln Center: The Performing Arts Hall of Fame; selection of 30 'founding legends' inducted to hall of fame listed.

Most web browsers and operating systems have settings and features that should be able to make low-contrast type more readable. Most web browsers and operating systems have settings and features that should be able to make low-contrast type more readable. 

Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon said the Jewish settlers had not been granted the permits required to carry out real estate deals in the West Bank. Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon said the Jewish settlers had not been granted the permits required to carry out real estate deals in the West Bank. Israeli Defense Min Moshe Yaalon says troops forcibly removed around 80 Jewish settlers from two houses in Hebron in West Bank; settlers had broken law by not receiving permission from military to enter houses and did not have permits necessary to make real estate deals in West Bank.

The Interior Ministry imposed the measure after protests over unemployment across the country turned violent in some cities. The Interior Ministry imposed the measure after protests over unemployment across the country turned violent in some cities. Tunisian government imposes nationwide curfew in response to protests against unemployment, which have grown violent even as they have spread across country.

Millions of people along the East Coast braced for travel disruptions and possible power losses. In some areas, as much as two feet of snow may fall. Millions of people along the East Coast braced for travel disruptions and possible power losses. In some areas, as much as two feet of snow may fall. Cities along East Coast prepare for massive Winter Storm Jonas, which could bring high winds, heavy snowfall, and flooding as it moves up coast.

There’s always talk about designers stepping out on their own, but the former Lanvin designer actually might be able to do it. There’s always talk about designers stepping out on their own, but the former Lanvin designer actually might be able to do it. 

Deciding whether to take a pension as a one-time payout or a monthly payment for life is a decision that can have major financial consequences. Deciding whether to take a pension as a one-time payout or a monthly payment for life is a decision that can have major financial consequences. 

If the former Maryland governor does not receive 15 percent support in the caucuses, his supporters will then be up for grabs by Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders. If the former Maryland governor does not receive 15 percent support in the caucuses, his supporters will then be up for grabs by Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders. Arcane rules governing Iowa Democratic caucuses could mean that supporters of Martin O'Malley, should he fail to receive 15 percent of vote, will be ruled 'nonviable' and can then be coaxed into aligning with either Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders; Republican caucus rules differs significantly, with all votes counted equally. 

The industrial conglomerate said lower sales for its oil-field equipment unit hurt revenue, but other units, like jet engines and locomotives, were strong. The industrial conglomerate said lower sales for its oil-field equipment unit hurt revenue, but other units, like jet engines and locomotives, were strong. General Electric reports fourth-quarter net profit rose 22 percent, to $6.28 billion, and its earnings increased 27 percent, to 52 cents per share, slightly above average estimates.

Mr. Rezaian left an American military hospital in Germany, the last of the three Americans who flew there from Iran on Sunday to return home. Mr. Rezaian left an American military hospital in Germany, the last of the three Americans who flew there from Iran on Sunday to return home. Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian leaves American military base in Germany aboard personal jetliner owned by newspaper's owner, Jeff Bezos; accompanied by his wife and mother on flight, Rezaian issues statement expressing his gratitude for lengthy efforts made on his behalf in negotiating release. 

The British designer’s latest collection for the Spanish luxury goods house includes oversize bags, beanies and hand-painted leather jackets. The British designer’s latest collection for the Spanish luxury goods house includes oversize bags, beanies and hand-painted leather jackets. 

New Zealand All Blacks stars like Dan Carter and Ma'a Nonu are having a major impact on the European Rugby Champions Cup. New Zealand All Blacks stars like Dan Carter and Ma'a Nonu are having a major impact on the European Rugby Champions Cup. 

A part of the rise of the No. 3 Terrapins, who face No. 11 Michigan State on Saturday, lies in successfully adapting to the various rules changes in men’s basketball. A part of the rise of the No. 3 Terrapins, who face No. 11 Michigan State on Saturday, lies in successfully adapting to the various rules changes in men’s basketball. Success of Maryland men's basketball team lies not only in talent of each player, but also in team's ability to adapt to various rules changes enacted by NCAA in wake of historically sluggish 2014-2015 season.

Esa-Pekka Salonen, a conductor and composer, reiterated that he will not succeed the orchestra’s music director, Alan Gilbert, despite speculation. Esa-Pekka Salonen, a conductor and composer, reiterated that he will not succeed the orchestra’s music director, Alan Gilbert, despite speculation. Finnish conductor and composer Esa-Pekka Salonen reiterates he will not succeed Alan Gilbert as music director to New York Philharmonic, triggering speculation over who will assume position after Gilbert's final season in 2016-17. 

The author of “Green Island” says the story of the massacre is little understood outside Taiwan. The author of “Green Island” says the story of the massacre is little understood outside Taiwan. 

The news that a legendary turtle in Hanoi’s central lake had died prompted an outpouring of sadness across the deeply superstitious and Confucian country. The news that a legendary turtle in Hanoi’s central lake had died prompted an outpouring of sadness across the deeply superstitious and Confucian country. Vietnamese state news media reports giant turtle known as Cu Rua, which has lived in Hanoi's central lake for decades, has died. turtle is of immense spiritual and cultural significance in country where many believe it to be mythic symbol of independence and longevity.

Prime Minister Manuel Valls of France warned that the huge numbers of migrants still entering the Continent could destabilize European societies. Prime Minister Manuel Valls of France warned that the huge numbers of migrants still entering the Continent could destabilize European societies. Over 40 migrants die after two wooden boats trying to reach Greece sink in eastern Aegean Sea; authorities say 17 children are among dead; accident shows how flow of asylum seekers continues unabated, even during dangerous winter weather.

At least 14 civilians were killed and dozens were wounded after the Islamist militants struck the Lido beachfront restaurant in Somalia’s capital. At least 14 civilians were killed and dozens were wounded after the Islamist militants struck the Lido beachfront restaurant in Somalia’s capital. Somali officials say at least 14 civilians were killed and dozens wounded after Shabab militants attacked beachside restaurant in Mogadishu.

The University of Virginia student has been accused of entering the North to bring “down the foundation of its single-minded unity.” The University of Virginia student has been accused of entering the North to bring “down the foundation of its single-minded unity.” North Korean state news media reports Otto F Warmbier, United States university student, has been detained for entering country with ill intent; Warmbier entered country as tourist.

These are the lamentations of the 68 Percent — the significant majority of Republicans in the state who are immune to Donald J. Trump’s charms and entreaties. These are the lamentations of the 68 Percent — the significant majority of Republicans in the state who are immune to Donald J. Trump’s charms and entreaties. Many New Hampshire Republicans express doubts about accuracy of polls showing Donald Trump as GOP frontrunner in state's presidential primary; polls show 68 percent of Republicans in state do not support Trump, and interviews with some of those voters reveal he is widely viewed as untrustworthy.

Mr. Christie continues to pursue his long-shot campaign for the White House, he has nearly vanished from the State Capitol and has scaled back his legislative goals. Mr. Christie continues to pursue his long-shot campaign for the White House, he has nearly vanished from the State Capitol and has scaled back his legislative goals. New Jersey Gov Chris Christie is spending less time in home state as he campaigns for president, prompting criticism from Democrats and Republicans alike that he has abandoned his gubernatorial post; Christie rejects criticism of his absences, but review of his activities confirms he has scaled back his agenda and duties, and is more sparing when using his executive powers.

Seniors are turning to ride-sharing services for the extra income and flexibility they provide, but there are concerns about possible exploitation. Seniors are turning to ride-sharing services for the extra income and flexibility they provide, but there are concerns about possible exploitation. Retiring column; growing number of retirees are driving for ride-hailing services like Uber and Lyft to augment their retirement income; older drivers are attractive to ride-hailing services because they usually own their own cars, have adequate insurance and statistically have fewer accidents, but some express concern that working as independent contractors, without any benefits, could be exploitative.  

In a letter to a judge, the lawyers of Mr. Silver, the former New York State Assembly speaker, claimed his conviction relied on circumstantial evidence. In a letter to a judge, the lawyers of Mr. Silver, the former New York State Assembly speaker, claimed his conviction relied on circumstantial evidence. Lawyers for disgraced former New York State Assembly speaker Sheldon Silver call on judge to acquit him or grant new trial, saying prosecutors failed to prove that he agreed to exchange official actions for personal gain.  

The Dutch electronics giant said in October that United States regulators had raised “unforeseen concerns” about a deal to dispose of 80.1 percent of the unit. The Dutch electronics giant said in October that United States regulators had raised “unforeseen concerns” about a deal to dispose of 80.1 percent of the unit. 

Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index staged a forceful rebound, closing 5.9 percent higher, and the momentum carried over to Europe. Oil was also up. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index staged a forceful rebound, closing 5.9 percent higher, and the momentum carried over to Europe. Oil was also up. 

Akira Amari responded to allegations that he had received funds from a construction company that sought his help in settling a public contract dispute. Akira Amari responded to allegations that he had received funds from a construction company that sought his help in settling a public contract dispute. Akira Amari, Japanese economy minister, denies breaking any laws in news conference in response to allegations that he took money from construction company in exchange for public favors; Amari is most high-profile supporter of Prime Min Shinzo Abe to come under suspicion of scandal.

The International Association of Blacks in Dance is bringing young ballerinas from around the country together with companies in an audition in Denver. The International Association of Blacks in Dance is bringing young ballerinas from around the country together with companies in an audition in Denver. 

Since 2003, Mr. Koc had been chairman of Koc Holding, the vast enterprise founded by his grandfather, then led by his father. Since 2003, Mr. Koc had been chairman of Koc Holding, the vast enterprise founded by his grandfather, then led by his father. Mustafa Koc, Turkish businessman and chairman of Koc Holding, Turkey's largest conglomerate and only Turkish company listed in Fortune 500, dies at age 55. 

On paper, the world is freer than ever. Yet minds feel more crimped, fear more pervasive, escape more elusive. On paper, the world is freer than ever. Yet minds feel more crimped, fear more pervasive, escape more elusive. Roger Cohen Op-Ed column reflects on whether there is more freedom in today's wired world than when he was young man, backpacking through Afghanistan in 1973; considers question in light of re-reading diary he kept during trip, experience of reading surfer William Finnegan's memoir Barbarian Days and question posed by his 21-year-old son about whether 'ferocious ambivalence' of such an adventure, unguided by technology, is even possible today.

Ms. Corcoran grew up before television viewers in the 1950s and ’60s as a teenager during five seasons of the sitcom that also starred John Forsythe. Ms. Corcoran grew up before television viewers in the 1950s and ’60s as a teenager during five seasons of the sitcom that also starred John Forsythe. Noreen Corcoran, actress best known for her role on television sitcom Bachelor Father which ran for five season in 1950s and '60s, dies at age 72. 

Ambas partes le han pedido al Consejo de Seguridad establecer una misión de expertos internacionales para supervisar el desarme de las FARC. Ambas partes le han pedido al Consejo de Seguridad establecer una misión de expertos internacionales para supervisar el desarme de las FARC. 

Según cifras de un académico, en 2015 hubo al menos 78 linchamientos, más del doble que el año anterior. Según cifras de un académico, en 2015 hubo al menos 78 linchamientos, más del doble que el año anterior. 

The classic sci-fi series returns with a muddled and revisionist first episode. The classic sci-fi series returns with a muddled and revisionist first episode. 

This week’s “Billions” slyly undermines Bobby’s brash self-confidence. This week’s “Billions” slyly undermines Bobby’s brash self-confidence. 

Finally, a little heat upstairs! And downstairs, some carnal knowledge. Finally, a little heat upstairs! And downstairs, some carnal knowledge. 

 The newspaper calls Mrs. Clinton “someone who can keep what Obama got right, while also fixing his failures, especially on gun control and immigration reform.” The newspaper calls Mrs. Clinton “someone who can keep what Obama got right, while also fixing his failures, especially on gun control and immigration reform.”

 “It was good, it was clean,” said Mr. Trump of his stay at a hotel in Iowa, where he is making a heavy push for votes in the Feb. 1 caucuses. “It was good, it was clean,” said Mr. Trump of his stay at a hotel in Iowa, where he is making a heavy push for votes in the Feb. 1 caucuses.

 Ian Livengood would like us to meet his relatively new arrival. Ian Livengood would like us to meet his relatively new arrival.

Despite a massive storm, the show went on at the first BroadwayCon, a theater-themed fan convention in New York. Despite a massive storm, the show went on at the first BroadwayCon, a theater-themed fan convention in New York. 

Snowflakes started falling at Central Park on Friday night, forming a smooth white blanket that by Sunday would wrap the area in the pristine quiet of winter. Snowflakes started falling at Central Park on Friday night, forming a smooth white blanket that by Sunday would wrap the area in the pristine quiet of winter. 

Donatella Versace’s vision for couture 2016. Donatella Versace’s vision for couture 2016. 

 Mr. Trump attended a church service in Iowa on Sunday and later told people at a rally that “we talked about humility in church today.” Mr. Trump attended a church service in Iowa on Sunday and later told people at a rally that “we talked about humility in church today.”

A closer look at the construction of one hand-crocheted mini dress, designed to celebrate a strong female figure, and its accompanying jacket. A closer look at the construction of one hand-crocheted mini dress, designed to celebrate a strong female figure, and its accompanying jacket. 

See what Thom Browne dreamt up for fall 2016 men’s. See what Thom Browne dreamt up for fall 2016 men’s. 

 The new Studio Institute will bring visual arts programs to schools that serve low-income families. The new Studio Institute will bring visual arts programs to schools that serve low-income families.

 Mr. Christie warned voters against using their vote as an “expression of anger” against Washington, saying that voting for Donald J. Trump could lead to Hillary Clinton winning the presidency. Mr. Christie warned voters against using their vote as an “expression of anger” against Washington, saying that voting for Donald J. Trump could lead to Hillary Clinton winning the presidency.

Umit Benan’s fall 2016 men’s wear collection. Umit Benan’s fall 2016 men’s wear collection. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Indira Gandhi becomes prime minister of India in 1966. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Indira Gandhi becomes prime minister of India in 1966.

“The X-Files,” all night long. Not in the mood? Check out “Amy,” Asif Kapadia’s Oscar-nominated documentary about Amy Winehouse. “The X-Files,” all night long. Not in the mood? Check out “Amy,” Asif Kapadia’s Oscar-nominated documentary about Amy Winehouse. 

 Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey angrily scolded Senator Marco Rubio Sunday for his sarcastic remark about the blizzard that crippled much of the Northeast this weekend, calling it a sign of his “immaturity” and inexperience. Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey angrily scolded Senator Marco Rubio Sunday for his sarcastic remark about the blizzard that crippled much of the Northeast this weekend, calling it a sign of his “immaturity” and inexperience.

A photo diary of the Hermès and Sacai fall/winter 2016 collections, which were presented yesterday in Paris. A photo diary of the Hermès and Sacai fall/winter 2016 collections, which were presented yesterday in Paris. 

 Hillary Clinton on Sunday accused Iowa’s senior Republican senator, Charles E. Grassley, of trying to undermine her presidential candidacy by leaking negative information about her tenure as secretary of state. Hillary Clinton on Sunday accused Iowa’s senior Republican senator, Charles E. Grassley, of trying to undermine her presidential candidacy by leaking negative information about her tenure as secretary of state.

 The presidential candidates greeted word of Michael R. Bloomberg’s possible presidential run with attacks on his record, and in some cases, praise for the former mayor. The presidential candidates greeted word of Michael R. Bloomberg’s possible presidential run with attacks on his record, and in some cases, praise for the former mayor.

Near-record amounts of snow accumulated in places along the East Coast, leaving cities and residents with huge piles to clear on Sunday. Near-record amounts of snow accumulated in places along the East Coast, leaving cities and residents with huge piles to clear on Sunday. 

For Sunday, Italian tuna sandwiches. On Monday, sweet potatoes with yogurt and chicken diavolo. Then pork schnitzel, lamb meatballs and more. For Sunday, Italian tuna sandwiches. On Monday, sweet potatoes with yogurt and chicken diavolo. Then pork schnitzel, lamb meatballs and more. 

The latest updates on airline cancelations, train service and tourist sites in New York and Washington, D.C. The latest updates on airline cancelations, train service and tourist sites in New York and Washington, D.C. 

Married couples are generally more prosperous, so most lawmakers agree on the value of strong families, but not on how to help them avoid poverty. Married couples are generally more prosperous, so most lawmakers agree on the value of strong families, but not on how to help them avoid poverty. Political views on how marriage impacts economic status of impoverished Americans discussed.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: A British minister says the Palestinians can look forward to a bright future if American Jews support Britain in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: A British minister says the Palestinians can look forward to a bright future if American Jews support Britain in 1941.

 The efforts in the halls of Congress are part of a multifront intervention by advocates for broader drone use as well as by their opponents, who argue that the machines pose significant safety and privacy risks. The efforts in the halls of Congress are part of a multifront intervention by advocates for broader drone use as well as by their opponents, who argue that the machines pose significant safety and privacy risks.

Lanvin’s vision for fall 2016 men’s wear. Lanvin’s vision for fall 2016 men’s wear. 

 There are some things only life can teach our children. Living with dying is one of them. There are some things only life can teach our children. Living with dying is one of them.

Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. 

Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. 

Quotation of the Day for Sunday, January 24, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Sunday, January 24, 2016. 

Corrections appearing in print on Sunday, January 24, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Sunday, January 24, 2016. 

The couple were married by Connecticut Gov. Dannel P. Malloy at the Society Room of Hartford. The couple were married by Connecticut Gov. Dannel P. Malloy at the Society Room of Hartford. 

The couple met in business school at the University of Navarra in Barcelona, Spain. The couple met in business school at the University of Navarra in Barcelona, Spain. 

The couple was set up on a blind date in New York in December 2013. The couple was set up on a blind date in New York in December 2013. 

The bride works at the Andy Warhol Foundation, and the groom helped found a metal fabrication firm. The bride works at the Andy Warhol Foundation, and the groom helped found a metal fabrication firm. 

Rory McIlroy and Rickie Fowler were part of a five-way tie for the lead at the Abu Dhabi Championship in the United Arab Emirates. Rory McIlroy and Rickie Fowler were part of a five-way tie for the lead at the Abu Dhabi Championship in the United Arab Emirates. Rory McIIroy, Rickie Fowler, Branden Grace, Ian Poulter and Joost Luiten share third-round lead at Abu Dhabi Championship golf event.

The couple were married in a gondola car ascending Aspen Mountain. The couple were married in a gondola car ascending Aspen Mountain. 

Manchester United was stunned, 1-0, at home by Southampton in the Premier League. Manchester United was stunned, 1-0, at home by Southampton in the Premier League. Southampton defeats Manchester United, 1-0, in Premier League action; other soccer matches noted.

To be with his bride, the Iraq combat war veteran plans to leave the Marines and take a job in Baghdad. To be with his bride, the Iraq combat war veteran plans to leave the Marines and take a job in Baghdad. 

The bride and groom work for investment firms in New York, where they met through mutual friends in 2010. The bride and groom work for investment firms in New York, where they met through mutual friends in 2010. 

Though the couple both graduated in 2009 from the University of Michigan, they did not meet until two years later at a party in Manhattan. Though the couple both graduated in 2009 from the University of Michigan, they did not meet until two years later at a party in Manhattan. 

A class exercise on the first day of law school turned into a first date. A class exercise on the first day of law school turned into a first date. 

The couple, who have been together for 46 years, were married on Monday. The couple, who have been together for 46 years, were married on Monday. 

The couple met in 1988, after Barry Steinhart placed a personal ad in The Advocate, a national gay news magazine, and James Purcell phoned him. The couple met in 1988, after Barry Steinhart placed a personal ad in The Advocate, a national gay news magazine, and James Purcell phoned him. 

The bride and groom met in Houston via Tinder in 2014. The bride and groom met in Houston via Tinder in 2014. 

The bride and groom met on Tinder in February 2014. The bride and groom met on Tinder in February 2014. 

The bride and groom grew close while playing on the office soccer team. The bride and groom grew close while playing on the office soccer team. 

A day after the Knicks’ worst defeat of the season, an aching Carmelo Anthony scored only 9 points and sat out the final quarter in Charlotte. A day after the Knicks’ worst defeat of the season, an aching Carmelo Anthony scored only 9 points and sat out the final quarter in Charlotte. 

Lindsey Vonn won a women’s World Cup downhill in Cortina, Italy, on Saturday to set a record of 37 victories in the discipline. Lindsey Vonn won a women’s World Cup downhill in Cortina, Italy, on Saturday to set a record of 37 victories in the discipline. Lindsey Vonn wins record 37th World Cup downhill race in Cortina, Italy; other winter sports news noted.

HAINES--Daniel W.,died January 11, 2016, age 78. Husband of Brynne, father of Gordon and Laurel, retired Professor of Engineering at Manhattan College and University of South Carolina. Greatly interested in music, substitutes for wood in musical instruments, history of New Jersey and of White Plains, NY. Consider donations to ALS Association - Greater NY Chapter. 1/3 HAINES--Daniel W.,died January 11, 2016, age 78. Husband of Brynne, father of Gordon and Laurel, retired Professor of Engineering at Manhattan College and University of South Carolina. Greatly interested in music, substitutes for wood in musical instruments, history of New Jersey and of White Plains, NY. Consider donations to ALS Association - Greater NY Chapter. 1/3 

MISSETT--Barbara Thatcher. 77 years old, died peacefully at her home in West Palm Beach, FL, on January 20, 2016, surrounded by her family. Barbara was born on May 25, 1938 in Washington, DC to Herbert and Virginia Thatcher. Barbara graduated from Rosemont College in Philadelphia in 1960 where she obtained her bachelor's degree in English. In 1980, she co-founded VIART Corporation, an art management firm based in New York City. During its twenty-nine years of operation VIART provided art advisory services to over 100 Fortune 500 companies, financial institutions, law firms, and private individuals including the acquisition of American, European, African and Asian art in all mediums and all periods. Barbara was a member of the Everglades Club in Palm Beach, FL, The Meadow Club of Southampton, and the Bathing Corporation of Southampton. Barbara was preceded in death by her parents and younger brother Denis Thatcher. Surviving are her sons Joseph Missett IV and Stephen Missett, her grandson Santiago Missett, and her siblings Judy O'Donnell, Sheila Taylor, Stephen Thatcher, Joyce Thatcher and Herbert Thatcher II. Family and friends will be received on Thursday, January 28, 2016, from 4-6pm at Quattlebaum's Funeral Home, 6411 Parker Avenue, West Pam Beach, FL. Funeral Liturgy with Mass will be celebrated on Friday, January 29, 2016 at 11am at St. Edward's Catholic Church, 144 North County Road, Palm Beach. A reception in her honor at the Everglades Club will follow. Entombment will be at a later date at the convenience of the family. Memorial contributions may be made to a charity of your choice. 1/3 MISSETT--Barbara Thatcher. 77 years old, died peacefully at her home in West Palm Beach, FL, on January 20, 2016, surrounded by her family. Barbara was born on May 25, 1938 in Washington, DC to Herbert and Virginia Thatcher. Barbara graduated from Rosemont College in Philadelphia in 1960 where she obtained her bachelor's degree in English. In 1980, she co-founded VIART Corporation, an art management firm based in New York City. During its twenty-nine years of operation VIART provided art advisory services to over 100 Fortune 500 companies, financial institutions, law firms, and private individuals including the acquisition of American, European, African and Asian art in all mediums and all periods. Barbara was a member of the Everglades Club in Palm Beach, FL, The Meadow Club of Southampton, and the Bathing Corporation of Southampton. Barbara was preceded in death by her parents and younger brother Denis Thatcher. Surviving are her sons Joseph Missett IV and Stephen Missett, her grandson Santiago Missett, and her siblings Judy O'Donnell, Sheila Taylor, Stephen Thatcher, Joyce Thatcher and Herbert Thatcher II. Family and friends will be received on Thursday, January 28, 2016, from 4-6pm at Quattlebaum's Funeral Home, 6411 Parker Avenue, West Pam Beach, FL. Funeral Liturgy with Mass will be celebrated on Friday, January 29, 2016 at 11am at St. Edward's Catholic Church, 144 North County Road, Palm Beach. A reception in her honor at the Everglades Club will follow. Entombment will be at a later date at the convenience of the family. Memorial contributions may be made to a charity of your choice. 1/3 

TIPSON--Lynn Baird, died on January 18 in Basking Ridge, New Jersey, at the age of 96. He was a retired business executive and a 1941 graduate of Princeton University. He also attended the Hill School and later received an MBA from NYU. Tipson served in the Army Air Corps during WWII and piloted eleven missions in a B-24 bomber until he was shot down, hospitalized, and sent to a German prison camp until liberation. He is survived by his wife of 74 years, Yvonne Gaston Tipson, four children, Lynn Jr. of Gettysburg, PA, Frederick of Moorestown, NJ, David of Glenside, PA, and Suzy Hall of Milford, OH, as well as eleven grandchildren and nine great-grandchildren. Tipson was born in Westfield, NJ, where his father was Mayor in 1928-29, and resided there, except for the war years, until 1967. A funeral service will be held at 2pm on January 30 at St. Mark's Episcopal Church in Basking Ridge with burial at Fairview Cemetery in Westfield. 1/3 TIPSON--Lynn Baird, died on January 18 in Basking Ridge, New Jersey, at the age of 96. He was a retired business executive and a 1941 graduate of Princeton University. He also attended the Hill School and later received an MBA from NYU. Tipson served in the Army Air Corps during WWII and piloted eleven missions in a B-24 bomber until he was shot down, hospitalized, and sent to a German prison camp until liberation. He is survived by his wife of 74 years, Yvonne Gaston Tipson, four children, Lynn Jr. of Gettysburg, PA, Frederick of Moorestown, NJ, David of Glenside, PA, and Suzy Hall of Milford, OH, as well as eleven grandchildren and nine great-grandchildren. Tipson was born in Westfield, NJ, where his father was Mayor in 1928-29, and resided there, except for the war years, until 1967. A funeral service will be held at 2pm on January 30 at St. Mark's Episcopal Church in Basking Ridge with burial at Fairview Cemetery in Westfield. 1/3 

CHASIN--Dr. Mark, 73. On January 22, 2016 of Monroe, NJ, formerly of Manalapan, NJ. Pre-deceased by his wife Rena in 2003, now beloved husband to Reva SternChasin, amazing father to Jeff (Lisa), Larry (Andrea), and Marni (Lee) and adored grandfather of Shelby Chasin, Samara Chasin, Jake Garfinkle, Jack Chasin, William Chasin and Ryan Garfinkle. Mark grew up in Merrick, NY, graduated from Cornell University (B.S.) and Michigan State (PhD) and dedicated his life to developing new medicines and drug delivery methods. Our world is forever changed. 1/3 CHASIN--Dr. Mark, 73. On January 22, 2016 of Monroe, NJ, formerly of Manalapan, NJ. Pre-deceased by his wife Rena in 2003, now beloved husband to Reva SternChasin, amazing father to Jeff (Lisa), Larry (Andrea), and Marni (Lee) and adored grandfather of Shelby Chasin, Samara Chasin, Jake Garfinkle, Jack Chasin, William Chasin and Ryan Garfinkle. Mark grew up in Merrick, NY, graduated from Cornell University (B.S.) and Michigan State (PhD) and dedicated his life to developing new medicines and drug delivery methods. Our world is forever changed. 1/3 

BOTTNER--Harold, 88, of Tampa, FL formerly of Mamaroneck NY, died peacefully on January 15, 2016 after a long illness. He will be dearly missed by his beloved wife of 64 years, Dorothy, and their children, Jane, Andy, and Karen (Noel). He also leaves behind grandchildren Ben, Carolyn, Rosie and Emma. Harold will be remembered for his entrepreneurial spirit, having started HMB, Inc., a successful commercial sweater manufacturing business. His easy manner, dry wit and huge sense of humor, always accompanied by a big smile and a catchy tune, endeared him to all who knew him. Above all, Harold's honesty, kindness and generosity to others were perhaps his most lasting and loving legacy. A memorial service will be held in New York in the spring. Memorial donations can be made to Myasthenia Gravis Foundation of America, myasthenia.org or the charity of your choice. 1/3 BOTTNER--Harold, 88, of Tampa, FL formerly of Mamaroneck NY, died peacefully on January 15, 2016 after a long illness. He will be dearly missed by his beloved wife of 64 years, Dorothy, and their children, Jane, Andy, and Karen (Noel). He also leaves behind grandchildren Ben, Carolyn, Rosie and Emma. Harold will be remembered for his entrepreneurial spirit, having started HMB, Inc., a successful commercial sweater manufacturing business. His easy manner, dry wit and huge sense of humor, always accompanied by a big smile and a catchy tune, endeared him to all who knew him. Above all, Harold's honesty, kindness and generosity to others were perhaps his most lasting and loving legacy. A memorial service will be held in New York in the spring. Memorial donations can be made to Myasthenia Gravis Foundation of America, myasthenia.org or the charity of your choice. 1/3 

VAN NESS--John R.,known as "Jack," 70, of Ossining, NY, died peacefully with his wife at his side, January 19, 2016, at Rosary Hill Home after a short, courageous struggle with cancer. Jack was born in New York City, December 24, 1945, later preferring to tell folks he grew up on a small island off the coast of New Jersey. He studied at Stephens Institute of Technology and later earned his BS degree at Long Island University. Taking pre-med courses, he planned to follow in the footsteps of his deceased father, who was a NYC physician. All that changed when he took a summer job at Thomas J. Lipton company where he discovered the many faceted world of food science. His enthusiasm for food science never diminished. During his 20 year corporate career, he worked at a number of leading food companies including Best Food and Chesebrough Ponds. He gained experienced in every aspect of food processing, plant production, food safety, product development and federal filing regulations and practices. He was a trained taster who could recognize the individual spices in any combination presented, much to the surprise of restaurant chefs, a number of whom he advised and befriended over the years. As his career evolved, his focus centered on canned foods and he became one of New York's foremost food processing authorities. As such, he was a consultant who was recognized and worked with the United States Department of Agriculture and food processing. An avid sailor and scuba diver since his teens, Jack left the corporate world behind to sail from New York City to the Caribbean with a sailor buddy, exploring practically every island there during their six month cruise. Soon after his return, he formed his own company, Van Ness Food Technologies, which he operated while living aboard his 37 foot sailboat, "Cruzin," docked at City Island, NY. In 1992, he found "the love he had been waiting for" when he met Carolyn, another enthusiastic scuba diver. They married in 2001 aboard a yacht in New York harbor. Throughout their years together, they traveled the world, lured by possible dive adventures in the Caribbean, Bora Bora, Europe, Mexico and the Red Sea. One of Jack's favorite sea stories was about his transatlantic sail aboard a 42 foot sailboat from Bermuda to Malaga, Spain. "Sailing across the Pond is on every sailor's bucket list and I couldn't be happier or more satisfied because I got to do it," said Jack. Jack loved being with friends and sharing sea stories based on his experiences sailing with Carolyn up and down Long Island Sound, always on the lookout for a new raft up spot and seafood restaurant. For almost 30 years, Jack's consulting business worked with international clients in Canada, Greece, Israel and Korea. He was a featured lecturer at the First Food Safety Conference held in Bangalore, India, where he taught Indian food scientists how to implement Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point safety principles. Jack was a hands on expert who knew how to build and manage a food plant from its conception to the time the canned food product was on the pallet ready to go to market. He was known for his strong sense of integrity and absolute dedication to ensuring the safety of any food product under his production management. He was a charter member of IFTPS, participating in annual food conferences in the US and abroad. Jack was more than generous in passing along his wealth of knowledge to his many clients, interspersed with updates about his latest sailing or diving adventures. His genuine enjoyment of life was contagious. It enabled Jack to engage in lively conversations and make friends with young and old alike. With the wind at his back, he has charted his course, leaving us with memories of an unforgettable personality, sharp wit, brilliant mind and smile. Besides his beloved wife, Carolyn, he leaves behind a worldwide group of business associates and longtime friends, whose many lives he touched. At his request, his ashes are to be scattered over the area waters that gave him so much pleasure. There will be a celebration of Jack's life during the coming sailing season. 1/3 VAN NESS--John R.,known as "Jack," 70, of Ossining, NY, died peacefully with his wife at his side, January 19, 2016, at Rosary Hill Home after a short, courageous struggle with cancer. Jack was born in New York City, December 24, 1945, later preferring to tell folks he grew up on a small island off the coast of New Jersey. He studied at Stephens Institute of Technology and later earned his BS degree at Long Island University. Taking pre-med courses, he planned to follow in the footsteps of his deceased father, who was a NYC physician. All that changed when he took a summer job at Thomas J. Lipton company where he discovered the many faceted world of food science. His enthusiasm for food science never diminished. During his 20 year corporate career, he worked at a number of leading food companies including Best Food and Chesebrough Ponds. He gained experienced in every aspect of food processing, plant production, food safety, product development and federal filing regulations and practices. He was a trained taster who could recognize the individual spices in any combination presented, much to the surprise of restaurant chefs, a number of whom he advised and befriended over the years. As his career evolved, his focus centered on canned foods and he became one of New York's foremost food processing authorities. As such, he was a consultant who was recognized and worked with the United States Department of Agriculture and food processing. An avid sailor and scuba diver since his teens, Jack left the corporate world behind to sail from New York City to the Caribbean with a sailor buddy, exploring practically every island there during their six month cruise. Soon after his return, he formed his own company, Van Ness Food Technologies, which he operated while living aboard his 37 foot sailboat, "Cruzin," docked at City Island, NY. In 1992, he found "the love he had been waiting for" when he met Carolyn, another enthusiastic scuba diver. They married in 2001 aboard a yacht in New York harbor. Throughout their years together, they traveled the world, lured by possible dive adventures in the Caribbean, Bora Bora, Europe, Mexico and the Red Sea. One of Jack's favorite sea stories was about his transatlantic sail aboard a 42 foot sailboat from Bermuda to Malaga, Spain. "Sailing across the Pond is on every sailor's bucket list and I couldn't be happier or more satisfied because I got to do it," said Jack. Jack loved being with friends and sharing sea stories based on his experiences sailing with Carolyn up and down Long Island Sound, always on the lookout for a new raft up spot and seafood restaurant. For almost 30 years, Jack's consulting business worked with international clients in Canada, Greece, Israel and Korea. He was a featured lecturer at the First Food Safety Conference held in Bangalore, India, where he taught Indian food scientists how to implement Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point safety principles. Jack was a hands on expert who knew how to build and manage a food plant from its conception to the time the canned food product was on the pallet ready to go to market. He was known for his strong sense of integrity and absolute dedication to ensuring the safety of any food product under his production management. He was a charter member of IFTPS, participating in annual food conferences in the US and abroad. Jack was more than generous in passing along his wealth of knowledge to his many clients, interspersed with updates about his latest sailing or diving adventures. His genuine enjoyment of life was contagious. It enabled Jack to engage in lively conversations and make friends with young and old alike. With the wind at his back, he has charted his course, leaving us with memories of an unforgettable personality, sharp wit, brilliant mind and smile. Besides his beloved wife, Carolyn, he leaves behind a worldwide group of business associates and longtime friends, whose many lives he touched. At his request, his ashes are to be scattered over the area waters that gave him so much pleasure. There will be a celebration of Jack's life during the coming sailing season. 1/3 

WASHINGTON--Bryan R.,professor of late 19th and 20th century American literature and cultural studies, and a man of considerable wit, humor, style, elegance, and charm, with a passion for the beauty and joy of some of life's most abundant and finest offerings, died of cancer on December 31, 2015. He was 57. The son of Dr. Joseph R. Washington, Jr. and the late Sophia M. Washington, Bryan was born in Boston, Massachusetts. During his formative years, Bryan lived in numerous towns and cities in Wisconsin, Virginia, California, and Pennsylvania, where he attended the University of Pennsylvania. At UPenn, Bryan was a Benjamin Franklin Scholar; he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree (with honors) in General Literature in 1980. UPenn served as a catalyst for Bryan's graduate studies, which led him to complete his Master's Degree in English Literature at Christ Church, Oxford University in 1982 through Penn's Thouron Award, a British-American exchange program. Bryan received his second Master's Degree in English and American Language at Harvard University in 1985. He was also a Minority Prize Fellow from 1982-1987. Bryan received his Ph.D. in English and American Literature and Language from Harvard in 1989. Bryan launched his academic career as an instructor at Lafayette College in 1987 and was promoted to Assistant Professor in 1989. He served as a Ford Foundation Postdoctoral Fellow at Princeton University from 1991-1992. In 1994, Bryan was promoted to Associate Professor with full tenure. Bryan's scholarly work includes the publication of a book entitled "The Politics of Exile: The Ideology in Henry James, F. Scott Fitzgerald, and James Baldwin" in 1995. The book was well received and widely cited. It is considered by many to be one of the first works to position James Baldwin alongside white canonical American authors. Bryan also authored several articles and reviews, including: "Paris Blues(s)," an essay on James Baldwin; and "WASP Mischief: Martha Stewart and the Racial Status Quo." He was in the process of writing two books before he became ill. Throughout his career at Lafayette, which spanned over a quarter century, Bryan received numerous honors, including the Student Government Superior Teaching Award in 1989-1990 and 1992-1993, which is rare for a professor to receive twice. Bryan delivered presentations at Lafayette on topics such as "Blacks in Popular Culture" and "Black Writers in the Classroom." In May 2014, Bryan delivered "The Last Lecture" to graduating seniors; this was, sadly, Bryan's last lecture and last professional engagement. The title of the lecture was: "In the Course of It All: Life is Words;" this honor, along with the two student government teaching awards, suggests how deeply he was loved by his students- his courses were always over-enrolled. Students described him as inspiring, exciting, funny, and extremely smart. Bryan once described his teaching in the following terms: "If asked what I aim to accomplish in the classroom, I would say I am trying for a good conversation. For in all my courses dialogue is a primary emphasis. I enjoy lecturing, but my class presentations, generally, are designed to provoke dissuasion. Whether just beginning college work or about to finish, undergraduates (I believe) have something to teach me." As a resident of Doylestown, PA, Bryan's life included jazz and the American songbook as a joy, metaphor and interpretation of his many passions: writing, literary criticism, food, art, "beautiful things," and, of course, Paris. During evenings, he would often play his stereo or the piano and sing to Carmen McRae, Shirley Horn or other great jazz artists, while duck was in the oven (or some other scrumptious dish) along with a plate of pate and wine at the ready, all for the evening's feast to be shared with Russell Clinton, his husband and life partner for 23 years, and, on many occasions, close friends. During his stay fighting cancer in various hospitals and healthcare facilities, Bryan often said that the rooms that he was in were "simply awful", and "he wants to go out in style" - of course his care and room assignments were, in fact, top notch! But, we all know Bryan and his desire to be surrounded by beauty. So, what did he do to dress up his room(s)? He buys a beautifully designed Simon Pearce lamp for only a brief stay. And, at Christmas, even though he was unable to eat solid foods or drink, he had a bounty of epicurean delights delivered from Dean and Deluca for him to taste and smell, including his favorite wines and brandy, all for the decadence of it all, and to celebrate his favorite holiday in abundance with his dear Russell. In addition to his husband Russell, Bryan is survived by his father, Joseph; father and mother-in-law, Bill and Ruthann; brother, David, and his partner, Christine; Russell's sister, Debbie and her children Calvin, Travis and Kiara and numerous other family members and friends. A celebration of Bryan's life will be held at 4pm, Friday, January 29, 2016 at Buckingham Friends School, 5684 York Road, Lahaska, PA. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made to the Abramson Cancer Center of the University of Pennsylvania Annual Fund, Penn Medicine Development, 3535 Market Street, Suite 750, Philadelphia, PA 19104 or online at https://www.cancer. pennmedicine.org. Reed and Steinbach Funeral Home, Doylestown www.reedand steinbach.com 1/3 WASHINGTON--Bryan R.,professor of late 19th and 20th century American literature and cultural studies, and a man of considerable wit, humor, style, elegance, and charm, with a passion for the beauty and joy of some of life's most abundant and finest offerings, died of cancer on December 31, 2015. He was 57. The son of Dr. Joseph R. Washington, Jr. and the late Sophia M. Washington, Bryan was born in Boston, Massachusetts. During his formative years, Bryan lived in numerous towns and cities in Wisconsin, Virginia, California, and Pennsylvania, where he attended the University of Pennsylvania. At UPenn, Bryan was a Benjamin Franklin Scholar; he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree (with honors) in General Literature in 1980. UPenn served as a catalyst for Bryan's graduate studies, which led him to complete his Master's Degree in English Literature at Christ Church, Oxford University in 1982 through Penn's Thouron Award, a British-American exchange program. Bryan received his second Master's Degree in English and American Language at Harvard University in 1985. He was also a Minority Prize Fellow from 1982-1987. Bryan received his Ph.D. in English and American Literature and Language from Harvard in 1989. Bryan launched his academic career as an instructor at Lafayette College in 1987 and was promoted to Assistant Professor in 1989. He served as a Ford Foundation Postdoctoral Fellow at Princeton University from 1991-1992. In 1994, Bryan was promoted to Associate Professor with full tenure. Bryan's scholarly work includes the publication of a book entitled "The Politics of Exile: The Ideology in Henry James, F. Scott Fitzgerald, and James Baldwin" in 1995. The book was well received and widely cited. It is considered by many to be one of the first works to position James Baldwin alongside white canonical American authors. Bryan also authored several articles and reviews, including: "Paris Blues(s)," an essay on James Baldwin; and "WASP Mischief: Martha Stewart and the Racial Status Quo." He was in the process of writing two books before he became ill. Throughout his career at Lafayette, which spanned over a quarter century, Bryan received numerous honors, including the Student Government Superior Teaching Award in 1989-1990 and 1992-1993, which is rare for a professor to receive twice. Bryan delivered presentations at Lafayette on topics such as "Blacks in Popular Culture" and "Black Writers in the Classroom." In May 2014, Bryan delivered "The Last Lecture" to graduating seniors; this was, sadly, Bryan's last lecture and last professional engagement. The title of the lecture was: "In the Course of It All: Life is Words;" this honor, along with the two student government teaching awards, suggests how deeply he was loved by his students- his courses were always over-enrolled. Students described him as inspiring, exciting, funny, and extremely smart. Bryan once described his teaching in the following terms: "If asked what I aim to accomplish in the classroom, I would say I am trying for a good conversation. For in all my courses dialogue is a primary emphasis. I enjoy lecturing, but my class presentations, generally, are designed to provoke dissuasion. Whether just beginning college work or about to finish, undergraduates (I believe) have something to teach me." As a resident of Doylestown, PA, Bryan's life included jazz and the American songbook as a joy, metaphor and interpretation of his many passions: writing, literary criticism, food, art, "beautiful things," and, of course, Paris. During evenings, he would often play his stereo or the piano and sing to Carmen McRae, Shirley Horn or other great jazz artists, while duck was in the oven (or some other scrumptious dish) along with a plate of pate and wine at the ready, all for the evening's feast to be shared with Russell Clinton, his husband and life partner for 23 years, and, on many occasions, close friends. During his stay fighting cancer in various hospitals and healthcare facilities, Bryan often said that the rooms that he was in were "simply awful", and "he wants to go out in style" - of course his care and room assignments were, in fact, top notch! But, we all know Bryan and his desire to be surrounded by beauty. So, what did he do to dress up his room(s)? He buys a beautifully designed Simon Pearce lamp for only a brief stay. And, at Christmas, even though he was unable to eat solid foods or drink, he had a bounty of epicurean delights delivered from Dean and Deluca for him to taste and smell, including his favorite wines and brandy, all for the decadence of it all, and to celebrate his favorite holiday in abundance with his dear Russell. In addition to his husband Russell, Bryan is survived by his father, Joseph; father and mother-in-law, Bill and Ruthann; brother, David, and his partner, Christine; Russell's sister, Debbie and her children Calvin, Travis and Kiara and numerous other family members and friends. A celebration of Bryan's life will be held at 4pm, Friday, January 29, 2016 at Buckingham Friends School, 5684 York Road, Lahaska, PA. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made to the Abramson Cancer Center of the University of Pennsylvania Annual Fund, Penn Medicine Development, 3535 Market Street, Suite 750, Philadelphia, PA 19104 or online at https://www.cancer. pennmedicine.org. Reed and Steinbach Funeral Home, Doylestown www.reedand steinbach.com 1/3 

BOROWITZ--Rabbi Eugene. The Jewish community lost one of its great spokesmen. Our deepest sympathies to his three daughters, especially Lisa, a loyal friend for twenty plus years. Bonnie and Tom Strauss 1/3 BOROWITZ--Rabbi Eugene. The Jewish community lost one of its great spokesmen. Our deepest sympathies to his three daughters, especially Lisa, a loyal friend for twenty plus years. Bonnie and Tom Strauss 1/3 

BLAUSTEIN--Helen. The memorial service has changed to Monday, January 25, 11am at "The Riverside," 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. 1/3 BLAUSTEIN--Helen. The memorial service has changed to Monday, January 25, 11am at "The Riverside," 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. 1/3 

PARKER--Judson Garrett, Sr. Passed away peacefully at home on January 13th at the age of 94. He was the beloved husband of Faith Lamb-Parker, the father of Sarah Grace Parker, Nicole Gabriele Ives, Anthony Lewis Copeland-Parker, Gwendolyn McDougald Parker, and Judson Garrett Parker, Jr., the grandfather of twelve, and the great-grandfather of one. He is survived by them all, in addition to many cousins, nieces, nephews, and countless friends. Born in Washington, DC on March 25, 1921, his early years were spent in Tarboro and Durham, NC. He received a BS from the Philadelphia College of Pharmacy and moving to New York in 1959, a Master's Degree in Social Work Administration from Columbia University. Before retiring in 1988 from the City of New York Human Resources Administration, he served under Mayor Ed Koch as a top administrator. Although he lived in many places and traveled the world, he was a New Yorker at heart. 1/3 PARKER--Judson Garrett, Sr. Passed away peacefully at home on January 13th at the age of 94. He was the beloved husband of Faith Lamb-Parker, the father of Sarah Grace Parker, Nicole Gabriele Ives, Anthony Lewis Copeland-Parker, Gwendolyn McDougald Parker, and Judson Garrett Parker, Jr., the grandfather of twelve, and the great-grandfather of one. He is survived by them all, in addition to many cousins, nieces, nephews, and countless friends. Born in Washington, DC on March 25, 1921, his early years were spent in Tarboro and Durham, NC. He received a BS from the Philadelphia College of Pharmacy and moving to New York in 1959, a Master's Degree in Social Work Administration from Columbia University. Before retiring in 1988 from the City of New York Human Resources Administration, he served under Mayor Ed Koch as a top administrator. Although he lived in many places and traveled the world, he was a New Yorker at heart. 1/3 

FLEISCHER--Paula, on January 22, 2016 peacefully at home in New Rochelle, surrounded by family, at 103. Loving mother of Yvette (Mark) Goorevitch, and the late Donald Tolchin. Devoted grandmother of Shaun (Caitlin) Tolchin and Jillian Goorevitch (Michael Rosen). Adoring great-grandmother of Remy. Funeral service Monday, 2:30pm at Larchmont Temple. Interment in Florida. 1/3 FLEISCHER--Paula, on January 22, 2016 peacefully at home in New Rochelle, surrounded by family, at 103. Loving mother of Yvette (Mark) Goorevitch, and the late Donald Tolchin. Devoted grandmother of Shaun (Caitlin) Tolchin and Jillian Goorevitch (Michael Rosen). Adoring great-grandmother of Remy. Funeral service Monday, 2:30pm at Larchmont Temple. Interment in Florida. 1/3 

McCAFFREY--Susan Mary, age 59, a resident of the PGA National Golf Community, Palm Beach Gardens, and a former resident of Riverdale, New York, passed away on Friday, January 8, 2016. She is a daughter of the late Honorable Francis J. McCaffrey, Sr. and Irene McCaffrey. Susan was a graduate of the University of Notre Dame, Maryland, and worked in the financial business for over 25 years. She was Research Coordinator for the Institutional Trading Desk at E.F. Hutton; Head Equity Trader at New York Life; Equity Trader at Greenwich Street Advisors; Investment Advisor with Paine Webber, Inc., and most recently, Research Technical Salesperson with Lowery Research Corporation. Susan was a member of the PGA Member's Club where she was an enthusiastic croquet player. She was also a member of the Shelter Island Yacht Club and the Gardiners Bay Golf Club, both in New York. Susan enjoyed the arts and was a talented and avid artist. Susan is survived by her sister, Joan Patton of Boston, MA; two brothers, Francis J. McCaffrey, Jr. of Floral Park, New York and David McCaffrey, Sr. of Cambridge, MA; and four nephews, Joseph Patton, III, Luke Patton, Francis McCaffrey, and David McCaffrey, Jr. If you wish, donations can be made in Susan's name to Hospice of Palm Beach County Foundation: C.W. Gerstenberg Hospice, 5300 East Avenue, West Palm Beach, FL 33407. A memorial service is planned in the spring for family and friends. 1/3 McCAFFREY--Susan Mary, age 59, a resident of the PGA National Golf Community, Palm Beach Gardens, and a former resident of Riverdale, New York, passed away on Friday, January 8, 2016. She is a daughter of the late Honorable Francis J. McCaffrey, Sr. and Irene McCaffrey. Susan was a graduate of the University of Notre Dame, Maryland, and worked in the financial business for over 25 years. She was Research Coordinator for the Institutional Trading Desk at E.F. Hutton; Head Equity Trader at New York Life; Equity Trader at Greenwich Street Advisors; Investment Advisor with Paine Webber, Inc., and most recently, Research Technical Salesperson with Lowery Research Corporation. Susan was a member of the PGA Member's Club where she was an enthusiastic croquet player. She was also a member of the Shelter Island Yacht Club and the Gardiners Bay Golf Club, both in New York. Susan enjoyed the arts and was a talented and avid artist. Susan is survived by her sister, Joan Patton of Boston, MA; two brothers, Francis J. McCaffrey, Jr. of Floral Park, New York and David McCaffrey, Sr. of Cambridge, MA; and four nephews, Joseph Patton, III, Luke Patton, Francis McCaffrey, and David McCaffrey, Jr. If you wish, donations can be made in Susan's name to Hospice of Palm Beach County Foundation: C.W. Gerstenberg Hospice, 5300 East Avenue, West Palm Beach, FL 33407. A memorial service is planned in the spring for family and friends. 1/3 

LEVY--Norma. The Board, Administration and Staff of the Gurwin Jewish Nursing & Rehabilitation Center express their heartfelt sympathy at the passing of Norma, beloved wife of our Chairman Emeritus, Al Levy. Norma was a passionate and devoted advocate for the founding and growth of our Center. She will long be remembered for her commitment to those we serve. We extend sincere condolences to Al and the entire family. Lawrence Simon, Chairman Bert E. Brodsky, President Herbert Friedman, EVP/CEO 1/3 LEVY--Norma. The Board, Administration and Staff of the Gurwin Jewish Nursing & Rehabilitation Center express their heartfelt sympathy at the passing of Norma, beloved wife of our Chairman Emeritus, Al Levy. Norma was a passionate and devoted advocate for the founding and growth of our Center. She will long be remembered for her commitment to those we serve. We extend sincere condolences to Al and the entire family. Lawrence Simon, Chairman Bert E. Brodsky, President Herbert Friedman, EVP/CEO 1/3 

REED--Howard, 90, of Wellington, Florida, died peacefully with his family in Dresher, Pennsylvania on January 21, 2016. Howard was a devoted and loving husband for 66 years to his beautiful wife, Dolores, who died just 23 days before, and a loving father to his children, Janet and Rob, their spouses Dan and Julie, and his grandchildren, Lindsay, Ben, and Michael. Howard was born in 1925 in Brooklyn, NY. At 17, he became a radio broadcaster for WBAX and later at WNYC, where at 19, he broadcast General Eisenhower's triumphant ticker-tape parade down 5th Avenue. When he enlisted in the Army/Air Force, he became a broadcaster for Armed Forces Radio in Berlin. Howard entered the publishing field in his 20's, and was the publisher for more than 50 magazines in a career that spanned over 50 years in New York and Stamford in fields as diverse as electronics, entertainment, floor covering, and education. A gifted speaker and storyteller, after his retirement from publishing, Howard was a regular lecturer for Palm Beach College on politics, economics, and the media. Funeral services will be held on Tuesday, January 26th at 11:00am at the Plaza Jewish Community Chapel at 630 Amsterdam Avenue, in Manhattan. Following the services, Howard will be buried next to Dolores at the Beth David Cemetery, 300 Elmont Road, Elmont, NY. 1/3 REED--Howard, 90, of Wellington, Florida, died peacefully with his family in Dresher, Pennsylvania on January 21, 2016. Howard was a devoted and loving husband for 66 years to his beautiful wife, Dolores, who died just 23 days before, and a loving father to his children, Janet and Rob, their spouses Dan and Julie, and his grandchildren, Lindsay, Ben, and Michael. Howard was born in 1925 in Brooklyn, NY. At 17, he became a radio broadcaster for WBAX and later at WNYC, where at 19, he broadcast General Eisenhower's triumphant ticker-tape parade down 5th Avenue. When he enlisted in the Army/Air Force, he became a broadcaster for Armed Forces Radio in Berlin. Howard entered the publishing field in his 20's, and was the publisher for more than 50 magazines in a career that spanned over 50 years in New York and Stamford in fields as diverse as electronics, entertainment, floor covering, and education. A gifted speaker and storyteller, after his retirement from publishing, Howard was a regular lecturer for Palm Beach College on politics, economics, and the media. Funeral services will be held on Tuesday, January 26th at 11:00am at the Plaza Jewish Community Chapel at 630 Amsterdam Avenue, in Manhattan. Following the services, Howard will be buried next to Dolores at the Beth David Cemetery, 300 Elmont Road, Elmont, NY. 1/3 

DAYTON--Robert. Robert Dayton, whose career spanned decades in support of a vibrant downtown Minneapolis, MN, died on January 17th. He was 73 years old. A great-grandson of the founder of Daytons, Bob carried on the family retail and community-oriented legacy. After graduating from Yale in 1964, Bob joined what was to become Dayton Hudson and then Target, rising to become General Merchandise Manager and then Vice President of Stores. While with Daytons, Bob attended the Program for Management Development at Harvard Business School. A merchandiser at heart, Bob became recognized for his deftness in identifying and supporting designers such as Calvin Klein and Ralph Lauren early in their careers. In 1977 Bob left Daytons and purchased Harold, an upscale specialty store for women. Working together with his wife Joanie, Bob restored its iconic status as a Minneapolis retail institution. In 1984 Bob spearheaded the development of The Conservatory, the first enclosed shopping complex in Minneapolis. Throughout his career Bob advocated for a thriving downtown and worked to strengthen the Twin Cities as a major league community through efforts to bring Superbowl XXVI to Minneapolis, keep the Timberwolves, and secure funding for a new outdoor Twins stadium. Bob served on several corporate boards including Northwestern National Bank, First American Funds, and Williams Sonoma. In 1992 Bob became CEO of Okabena, helping transform the Dayton family office into a nationally recognized leader in the then-nascent family office industry. Fiercely loyal to and enormously proud of the people and places he loved, Bob was committed to serving his community. He worked tirelessly on behalf of many non-profits including the Minneapolis Institute of Arts, Abbott Northwestern Hospital, the United Way, and Westminster Presbyterian Church. In addition, Bob served as a Trustee of the Blake School, Carlton College, and the University of Minnesota Foundation. In 1994 Bob founded and was later named Chair Emeritus of the Mentoring Partnership of Minnesota. Bob grew up in Wayzata, Minnesota and attended Blake, Eaglebrook, and Taft. While at Yale, Bob met his wife Joanie, then attending Skidmore College, on a blind date at the Dartmouth Winter Carnival. They were married in 1964 and had three boys. Bob enjoyed a number of hobbies, but none more so than golf. Beginning at Woodhill Country Club, his passion eventually extended east to Pine Valley and west to Cypress Point. He cofounded Spring Hill Golf Club and enjoyed playing in the U.S. Seniors. Bob will always be remembered for his warm heart, wonderful smile, infectious laughter, fantastic sense of humor, and tremendous spirit. He is survived by Joanie, his wife of 51 years, two brothers, three sons, and seven grandchildren. A memorial service will be held on February 18th at Westminster Presbyterian Church in Minneapolis. 1/3 DAYTON--Robert. Robert Dayton, whose career spanned decades in support of a vibrant downtown Minneapolis, MN, died on January 17th. He was 73 years old. A great-grandson of the founder of Daytons, Bob carried on the family retail and community-oriented legacy. After graduating from Yale in 1964, Bob joined what was to become Dayton Hudson and then Target, rising to become General Merchandise Manager and then Vice President of Stores. While with Daytons, Bob attended the Program for Management Development at Harvard Business School. A merchandiser at heart, Bob became recognized for his deftness in identifying and supporting designers such as Calvin Klein and Ralph Lauren early in their careers. In 1977 Bob left Daytons and purchased Harold, an upscale specialty store for women. Working together with his wife Joanie, Bob restored its iconic status as a Minneapolis retail institution. In 1984 Bob spearheaded the development of The Conservatory, the first enclosed shopping complex in Minneapolis. Throughout his career Bob advocated for a thriving downtown and worked to strengthen the Twin Cities as a major league community through efforts to bring Superbowl XXVI to Minneapolis, keep the Timberwolves, and secure funding for a new outdoor Twins stadium. Bob served on several corporate boards including Northwestern National Bank, First American Funds, and Williams Sonoma. In 1992 Bob became CEO of Okabena, helping transform the Dayton family office into a nationally recognized leader in the then-nascent family office industry. Fiercely loyal to and enormously proud of the people and places he loved, Bob was committed to serving his community. He worked tirelessly on behalf of many non-profits including the Minneapolis Institute of Arts, Abbott Northwestern Hospital, the United Way, and Westminster Presbyterian Church. In addition, Bob served as a Trustee of the Blake School, Carlton College, and the University of Minnesota Foundation. In 1994 Bob founded and was later named Chair Emeritus of the Mentoring Partnership of Minnesota. Bob grew up in Wayzata, Minnesota and attended Blake, Eaglebrook, and Taft. While at Yale, Bob met his wife Joanie, then attending Skidmore College, on a blind date at the Dartmouth Winter Carnival. They were married in 1964 and had three boys. Bob enjoyed a number of hobbies, but none more so than golf. Beginning at Woodhill Country Club, his passion eventually extended east to Pine Valley and west to Cypress Point. He cofounded Spring Hill Golf Club and enjoyed playing in the U.S. Seniors. Bob will always be remembered for his warm heart, wonderful smile, infectious laughter, fantastic sense of humor, and tremendous spirit. He is survived by Joanie, his wife of 51 years, two brothers, three sons, and seven grandchildren. A memorial service will be held on February 18th at Westminster Presbyterian Church in Minneapolis. 1/3 

SLOAN--Howard. The Board and staff of Lincoln Center Theater are deeply saddened by the death of our longtime Board member, Howard Sloan. He was an intelligent, charming, funny man, and he truly loved the Theater. We send our condolences to his wife Barbara and to his entire family. J. Tomilson Hill, Chairman Eric M. Mindich, President Andre Bishop, Producing Artistic Director 1/3 SLOAN--Howard. The Board and staff of Lincoln Center Theater are deeply saddened by the death of our longtime Board member, Howard Sloan. He was an intelligent, charming, funny man, and he truly loved the Theater. We send our condolences to his wife Barbara and to his entire family. J. Tomilson Hill, Chairman Eric M. Mindich, President Andre Bishop, Producing Artistic Director 1/3 

SPIRO--Emil, passed away peacefully, surrounded by family on January 14, 2016 at his home in Santa Fe, New Mexico at the age of 88. Born in Germany, he escaped the Holocaust alone as a boy of 11, spending the years of World War II as a refugee in Switzerland. He came to New York City in 1947 as the sole survivor of his family, and established a successful career in the insurance industry. He is survived by his wife Jaffa, daughter Saguna (Robert), sons Lenny and David and granddaughter Dhyana. Donations in his memory can be made to the United Jewish Appeal or City Harvest. 1/3 SPIRO--Emil, passed away peacefully, surrounded by family on January 14, 2016 at his home in Santa Fe, New Mexico at the age of 88. Born in Germany, he escaped the Holocaust alone as a boy of 11, spending the years of World War II as a refugee in Switzerland. He came to New York City in 1947 as the sole survivor of his family, and established a successful career in the insurance industry. He is survived by his wife Jaffa, daughter Saguna (Robert), sons Lenny and David and granddaughter Dhyana. Donations in his memory can be made to the United Jewish Appeal or City Harvest. 1/3 

WILLENSKY--Miriam. Age 92, died January 21, 2016. Devoted mother of Allison (Don) and Nathan (Barbara). Generous, kind and loving grandmother to Regina and Gussie. Graveside service January 31, 2016 Hollywood Forever Cemetery. Contact Hollywood Funeral Home, 323-304-6060 for details. 1/3 WILLENSKY--Miriam. Age 92, died January 21, 2016. Devoted mother of Allison (Don) and Nathan (Barbara). Generous, kind and loving grandmother to Regina and Gussie. Graveside service January 31, 2016 Hollywood Forever Cemetery. Contact Hollywood Funeral Home, 323-304-6060 for details. 1/3 

IMMERMAN--Robert M.,76, died peacefully at home in Larchmont, NY on January 21, 2016, having miraculously survived brain cancer for 20 years. Loving and beloved husband of Minna for 50 years, proud father to daughters Gaby and Suzanne and "Papa" to grandson Emmet. Architect, sketch artist, avid gardener and cook, devoted member of the Larchmont Temple community, he was much respected, admired and loved by legions of family and friends. Services will be held at Larchmont Temple on Monday, January 25 at 10am. Interment at Mt. Hope Cemetery, Hastings-on-Hudson, NY. 1/3 IMMERMAN--Robert M.,76, died peacefully at home in Larchmont, NY on January 21, 2016, having miraculously survived brain cancer for 20 years. Loving and beloved husband of Minna for 50 years, proud father to daughters Gaby and Suzanne and "Papa" to grandson Emmet. Architect, sketch artist, avid gardener and cook, devoted member of the Larchmont Temple community, he was much respected, admired and loved by legions of family and friends. Services will be held at Larchmont Temple on Monday, January 25 at 10am. Interment at Mt. Hope Cemetery, Hastings-on-Hudson, NY. 1/3 

WARHEIT--Walter S. On Behalf of the Officers and employees of Gutterman's, Inc., Funeral Directors of New York and Gutterman Warheit Memorial Chapel of Florida, we announce the passing, and mourn the loss of our associate of over 50 years. 1/3 WARHEIT--Walter S. On Behalf of the Officers and employees of Gutterman's, Inc., Funeral Directors of New York and Gutterman Warheit Memorial Chapel of Florida, we announce the passing, and mourn the loss of our associate of over 50 years. 1/3 

LEVITT--Nelson, was born in the Bronx in 1921. He fought as an Army Officer in WWII, was awarded a purple heart, served on the Jewish veterans board, owned a furniture business and dedicated his entire life to helping fight for human rights. Nelson had a passion for music and was a fine amateur pianist. He was also an avid runner who completed several New York City marathons through his 60's. Nelson had a devoted wife Yetta of 74 years, daughter Ronnie, son Ricky (deceased), son-in-law Deryl (deceased), and two grandchildren, Kyia, and Esu. He was deeply beloved by all who had the pleasure to know him. 1/3 LEVITT--Nelson, was born in the Bronx in 1921. He fought as an Army Officer in WWII, was awarded a purple heart, served on the Jewish veterans board, owned a furniture business and dedicated his entire life to helping fight for human rights. Nelson had a passion for music and was a fine amateur pianist. He was also an avid runner who completed several New York City marathons through his 60's. Nelson had a devoted wife Yetta of 74 years, daughter Ronnie, son Ricky (deceased), son-in-law Deryl (deceased), and two grandchildren, Kyia, and Esu. He was deeply beloved by all who had the pleasure to know him. 1/3 

EVANS--John C. The Directors and Staff of the Henry Luce Foundation mourn the passing of our distinguished colleague and friend who served loyally on the Foundation's Board from 1977 to 2011. A champion of education and the arts, he will be remembered for his wise counsel and devotion to the Foundation's mission. We extend our deepest sympathy to his children Wendy, Nancy and John and their families. Margaret Boles Fitzgerald, Chair Michael Gilligan, President 1/3 EVANS--John C. The Directors and Staff of the Henry Luce Foundation mourn the passing of our distinguished colleague and friend who served loyally on the Foundation's Board from 1977 to 2011. A champion of education and the arts, he will be remembered for his wise counsel and devotion to the Foundation's mission. We extend our deepest sympathy to his children Wendy, Nancy and John and their families. Margaret Boles Fitzgerald, Chair Michael Gilligan, President 1/3 

LAMONT--Austin. Austin Lamont, peacefully on January 16, age 79, of Belmont, MA and formerly of Santa Fe, NM, brother of Lavinia Rosenthal, Nicholas Lamont, and Nancy Sullivan; father of Carrie, Helen, Owen and Nathan Lamont; eight grandchildren and many nieces, nephews and cousins. Austin Lamont was born in Baltimore and graduated from Oberlin College in 1960 and from Boston University in 1962. He worked in documentary film production in the Boston area until he left to teach at Ohio University from 1967-69; he produced Film Comment magazine from 1968-73, co-founded Boston Film/Video Foundation in 1971 and co-produced "Conversations with Willard Van Dyke" in 1981. He moved to Santa Fe, New Mexico in 1984 where he became an expert in Western art photography, in which capacity he worked with the Andrew Smith Gallery from 1994-2004. He returned to the Boston area in 2006 to be closer to his extended family. A memorial service is planned for early in June. 1/3 LAMONT--Austin. Austin Lamont, peacefully on January 16, age 79, of Belmont, MA and formerly of Santa Fe, NM, brother of Lavinia Rosenthal, Nicholas Lamont, and Nancy Sullivan; father of Carrie, Helen, Owen and Nathan Lamont; eight grandchildren and many nieces, nephews and cousins. Austin Lamont was born in Baltimore and graduated from Oberlin College in 1960 and from Boston University in 1962. He worked in documentary film production in the Boston area until he left to teach at Ohio University from 1967-69; he produced Film Comment magazine from 1968-73, co-founded Boston Film/Video Foundation in 1971 and co-produced "Conversations with Willard Van Dyke" in 1981. He moved to Santa Fe, New Mexico in 1984 where he became an expert in Western art photography, in which capacity he worked with the Andrew Smith Gallery from 1994-2004. He returned to the Boston area in 2006 to be closer to his extended family. A memorial service is planned for early in June. 1/3 

WEIDENFELD--Lord George. The World Jewish Congress mourns the passing of a giant, a committed philanthropist, world-renowned publisher of authors including Vladimir Nabokov, articulate advocate of the Jewish people and fearless defender of the Jewish State of Israel. George Weidenfeld grew up in Vienna and fled Austria after the Nazi takeover in 1938. Because he was saved by a Christian family, George never forgot that his life was spared by Christians and just last year, he created a foundation to rescue thousands of persecuted Christians in the Middle East. This man never forgot his debts and always repaid them. As an immigrant during World War II, George became an integral part of the BBC World Service and broadcast reports in several languages. In 1969, Queen Elizabeth acknowledged Britain's appreciation and knighted him, followed by a life peerage in the House of Lords in 1976. Last April, at the age of 95, Lord Weidenfeld was awarded the WJC's Theodor Herzl Award in London and became an honorary vice-president of the World Jewish Congress. There are few people in the entire world who have spoken out with more courage against injustice. Our dear friend George was one. He was one of the most inspiring and accomplished figures of the 20th and 21st centuries. We extend our deepest condolences to his wife Annabelle, daughter Laura, grandchildren and great grandchildren. We will miss him deeply. World Jewish Congress President Ronald S. Lauder, Chairman of the Governing Board David de Rothschild, Treasurer Chella Safra 1/3 WEIDENFELD--Lord George. The World Jewish Congress mourns the passing of a giant, a committed philanthropist, world-renowned publisher of authors including Vladimir Nabokov, articulate advocate of the Jewish people and fearless defender of the Jewish State of Israel. George Weidenfeld grew up in Vienna and fled Austria after the Nazi takeover in 1938. Because he was saved by a Christian family, George never forgot that his life was spared by Christians and just last year, he created a foundation to rescue thousands of persecuted Christians in the Middle East. This man never forgot his debts and always repaid them. As an immigrant during World War II, George became an integral part of the BBC World Service and broadcast reports in several languages. In 1969, Queen Elizabeth acknowledged Britain's appreciation and knighted him, followed by a life peerage in the House of Lords in 1976. Last April, at the age of 95, Lord Weidenfeld was awarded the WJC's Theodor Herzl Award in London and became an honorary vice-president of the World Jewish Congress. There are few people in the entire world who have spoken out with more courage against injustice. Our dear friend George was one. He was one of the most inspiring and accomplished figures of the 20th and 21st centuries. We extend our deepest condolences to his wife Annabelle, daughter Laura, grandchildren and great grandchildren. We will miss him deeply. World Jewish Congress President Ronald S. Lauder, Chairman of the Governing Board David de Rothschild, Treasurer Chella Safra 1/3 

BARNWELL--John, on January 21, 2016. Beloved son of the late Thomas and Marie. Loving brother of Marie (Anthony), Patricia (the late Walter), Peter (Cathy), Robert (Colleen), William (Lori), James (Rose) and Michael and the late Thomas, Ann, Timothy and Stephen. Cherished uncle to many nieces, nephews, grand-nieces and grand-nephews. Reposing at the Kennedy-Roth Funeral Home 41-45 58th St., Woodside, NY 11377, Monday and Tuesday 2-5pm and 7-9pm. Mass of Christian Burial Wednesday, 10am at Corpus Christi Church, Woodside, NY. Interment Calvary Cemetery. In lieu of flowers, the family requests donations to www.ahrcnycfoundation.org. 1/3 BARNWELL--John, on January 21, 2016. Beloved son of the late Thomas and Marie. Loving brother of Marie (Anthony), Patricia (the late Walter), Peter (Cathy), Robert (Colleen), William (Lori), James (Rose) and Michael and the late Thomas, Ann, Timothy and Stephen. Cherished uncle to many nieces, nephews, grand-nieces and grand-nephews. Reposing at the Kennedy-Roth Funeral Home 41-45 58th St., Woodside, NY 11377, Monday and Tuesday 2-5pm and 7-9pm. Mass of Christian Burial Wednesday, 10am at Corpus Christi Church, Woodside, NY. Interment Calvary Cemetery. In lieu of flowers, the family requests donations to www.ahrcnycfoundation.org. 1/3 

FEINBERG--Jacob. Bone Marrow Registry co-Founder Jacob Feinberg dies at 87. The Feinberg Family and the Gift of Life Bone Marrow Foundation mourn the loss of the organization's co-founder, Jacob Feinberg. A CPA with Brout and Company and BDO, Jack later became a pioneer with his wife Arlene advancing the cause of bone marrow donor registration throughout the United States and abroad for the benefit of patients battling blood cancer. His efforts made possible bone marrow transplants for thousands of patients in need. The world is a better place thanks to Jack, a true hero, and his memory will live on through the lives he and Arlene saved together. He was the loving father of Jay, Steven, Edward of blessed memory and daughter-in-law Sheryl; loving grandfather of Shauna, Michelle and Skylar; brother of Robert and sister-in-law of Marty. Jack will be missed by the entire Gift of Life organization that he and Arlene created, and his countless friends and loving family. Contributions in Jack's memory may be made at www.giftoflife.org. 1/3 FEINBERG--Jacob. Bone Marrow Registry co-Founder Jacob Feinberg dies at 87. The Feinberg Family and the Gift of Life Bone Marrow Foundation mourn the loss of the organization's co-founder, Jacob Feinberg. A CPA with Brout and Company and BDO, Jack later became a pioneer with his wife Arlene advancing the cause of bone marrow donor registration throughout the United States and abroad for the benefit of patients battling blood cancer. His efforts made possible bone marrow transplants for thousands of patients in need. The world is a better place thanks to Jack, a true hero, and his memory will live on through the lives he and Arlene saved together. He was the loving father of Jay, Steven, Edward of blessed memory and daughter-in-law Sheryl; loving grandfather of Shauna, Michelle and Skylar; brother of Robert and sister-in-law of Marty. Jack will be missed by the entire Gift of Life organization that he and Arlene created, and his countless friends and loving family. Contributions in Jack's memory may be made at www.giftoflife.org. 1/3 

WALKER--Robert Stringfellow IV "Bob." 74, of Northport, MI died peacefully surrounded by family and without pain on January 13, 2016. Bob lived in Darien and Wilton and worked in Manhattan and Westchester for IBM. Condolences may be shared with the Walker family at: www.martinson.info. 1/3 WALKER--Robert Stringfellow IV "Bob." 74, of Northport, MI died peacefully surrounded by family and without pain on January 13, 2016. Bob lived in Darien and Wilton and worked in Manhattan and Westchester for IBM. Condolences may be shared with the Walker family at: www.martinson.info. 1/3 

GERSTEL--Joel M.,of Cedarhurst, NY, Born April 23, 1935; died January 21, 2016 after a prolonged illness. Son of the late Mayme and Julius Gerstel, devoted husband of Deanne Josephs Gerstel, loving father of Sharon, Jeffrey and the late Gary, fatherin-law of Karen, proud grandfather of Dylan, Alexandra and Maggie. and brother of Joanne. Retired as President and CEO of the American Parkinson Disease Association. Former owner of Westrich Restaurant in Rockaway Park, NY. Past President of Temple Israel of Lawrence, Great Neck Rotary Club, Chamber of Commerce of the Rockaways, and past Chairman of Community Planning Board 14, Queens. Services will be held at 11:00am on Monday, January 25, at Temple Israel of Lawrence, 140 Central Ave, Lawrence, NY. In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made in his memory to the American Parkinson Disease Association to support research or to Temple Israel of Lawrence. 1/3 GERSTEL--Joel M.,of Cedarhurst, NY, Born April 23, 1935; died January 21, 2016 after a prolonged illness. Son of the late Mayme and Julius Gerstel, devoted husband of Deanne Josephs Gerstel, loving father of Sharon, Jeffrey and the late Gary, fatherin-law of Karen, proud grandfather of Dylan, Alexandra and Maggie. and brother of Joanne. Retired as President and CEO of the American Parkinson Disease Association. Former owner of Westrich Restaurant in Rockaway Park, NY. Past President of Temple Israel of Lawrence, Great Neck Rotary Club, Chamber of Commerce of the Rockaways, and past Chairman of Community Planning Board 14, Queens. Services will be held at 11:00am on Monday, January 25, at Temple Israel of Lawrence, 140 Central Ave, Lawrence, NY. In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made in his memory to the American Parkinson Disease Association to support research or to Temple Israel of Lawrence. 1/3 

GIBBONS--Marthe, 86, of Scotch Plains, NJ, died January 8, 2016. Wife of the late Edward J. Gibbons, she spent her working career at Colgate Palmolive and Exxon Research. Mass will be at Immaculate Heart of Mary R.C. Church, Scotch Plains, on January 30th at 11am. For additional information or to sign the guestbook, visit www. fanwoodmemorial.com. 1/3 GIBBONS--Marthe, 86, of Scotch Plains, NJ, died January 8, 2016. Wife of the late Edward J. Gibbons, she spent her working career at Colgate Palmolive and Exxon Research. Mass will be at Immaculate Heart of Mary R.C. Church, Scotch Plains, on January 30th at 11am. For additional information or to sign the guestbook, visit www. fanwoodmemorial.com. 1/3 

McGRATH--Earl, died on January 7, predeceased by his beloved wife of 44 years, Camilla McGrath. A memorial service for Earl will be held on March 12th in New York City. 1/3 McGRATH--Earl, died on January 7, predeceased by his beloved wife of 44 years, Camilla McGrath. A memorial service for Earl will be held on March 12th in New York City. 1/3 

GILBERT--William, Monday January 18th, 2016 in Berkshire County, MA. Son of late Morris and Florence (nee Kirschman) Goldberg, husband of late Grace (nee Cohan) Gilbert. Pioneer ski area operator and snowmaker he had resided in South Egremont, MA. Survived by daughter Patti Serden (Scott) and son Tom (Beverly), grandchildren Kelli and Heather Serden and Matthew Gilbert. Memorial service at Catamount Ski Area, S. Egremont April 16, 2016. Memorials to STRIDE Adaptive Sports or The Michael J. Fox Foundation, C/O Roche Funeral Home, 120 Main, Lenox, MA 01240. 1/3 GILBERT--William, Monday January 18th, 2016 in Berkshire County, MA. Son of late Morris and Florence (nee Kirschman) Goldberg, husband of late Grace (nee Cohan) Gilbert. Pioneer ski area operator and snowmaker he had resided in South Egremont, MA. Survived by daughter Patti Serden (Scott) and son Tom (Beverly), grandchildren Kelli and Heather Serden and Matthew Gilbert. Memorial service at Catamount Ski Area, S. Egremont April 16, 2016. Memorials to STRIDE Adaptive Sports or The Michael J. Fox Foundation, C/O Roche Funeral Home, 120 Main, Lenox, MA 01240. 1/3 

COLBY--Marvelle (Seitman), 83, on January 19. Survived by her devoted husband, Selig Alkon, beloved children Lisa (Paul) and Eric (Ann), cherished grandchildren Owen, Jade and Ella. Proud graduate of Hunter College, with a DPA from Nova University, Professor Emerita from Marymount Manhattan College with a career in education and advocacy. 1/3 COLBY--Marvelle (Seitman), 83, on January 19. Survived by her devoted husband, Selig Alkon, beloved children Lisa (Paul) and Eric (Ann), cherished grandchildren Owen, Jade and Ella. Proud graduate of Hunter College, with a DPA from Nova University, Professor Emerita from Marymount Manhattan College with a career in education and advocacy. 1/3 

MACHT--Stanley H.,on January 22, 2016. Beloved husband of Susan. Loving father of Richard (Bonnie), the late Elliot (Debra), Roger, Alma (Adrienne), Cynthia (Mark) and Emily (Tim). Cherished grandfather of nine and great-grandfather of three. Fond brother of Norman, the late Malcolm, the late Ronald and the late Neil. Graveside Service 1pm, Monday January 25, 2016 at Mt Ararat Cemetery, Farmingdale, NY. The family will sit Shiva at their residence, 1443 Beacon St., Brookline, MA, Tuesday, January 26 and Wednesday January 27 from 1pm -3pm and 6pm-9pm. 1/3 MACHT--Stanley H.,on January 22, 2016. Beloved husband of Susan. Loving father of Richard (Bonnie), the late Elliot (Debra), Roger, Alma (Adrienne), Cynthia (Mark) and Emily (Tim). Cherished grandfather of nine and great-grandfather of three. Fond brother of Norman, the late Malcolm, the late Ronald and the late Neil. Graveside Service 1pm, Monday January 25, 2016 at Mt Ararat Cemetery, Farmingdale, NY. The family will sit Shiva at their residence, 1443 Beacon St., Brookline, MA, Tuesday, January 26 and Wednesday January 27 from 1pm -3pm and 6pm-9pm. 1/3 

CHILDS--Kirsten Anne, died of cancer at age 72 on January 13, 2016. Survived by spouse, Alexander Grinnell. She was born in Inverness, Scotland, and attended Edinburgh University. She began her career in London and was selected to collaborate with Skidmore Owings & Merrill in NYC. In 1971, Her marriage to Russell Childs kick started Armstrong Childs Associates. Her career as an interior designer flourished - culminating with Croxton Collaborative (1985-2015). She all but wrote the book on green design: Served on the US Green Building Council's LEED Steering Committee and chaired the Environmental Quality Technical Advisory Group for all LEED rating systems through 2004. Additionally, she was a founding member of LEED for Commercial Interiors, and received the 2010 ASID Designer of Distinction Award. Kirsten was a wonderful story teller, vivacious reader, bird lover, and operavore. She was a member of New York's Century Association and Waltz Society. She enjoyed travel with her dear friends and son, was a gleaming grandmother, and shall be remembered by her treasured family: Alex, Aaron, Natasha, Alexandra, Theodore, Delailah, Sebastian, Skye, and a plentitude of friends/colleagues Contact KACMem orial@gmail.com for memorial service information. Send condolences to her son, Aaron Childs, 6 Old Mill Lane, Rose Valley PA 19063. Consider donations to the SPCA and the Audubon Society. 1/3 CHILDS--Kirsten Anne, died of cancer at age 72 on January 13, 2016. Survived by spouse, Alexander Grinnell. She was born in Inverness, Scotland, and attended Edinburgh University. She began her career in London and was selected to collaborate with Skidmore Owings & Merrill in NYC. In 1971, Her marriage to Russell Childs kick started Armstrong Childs Associates. Her career as an interior designer flourished - culminating with Croxton Collaborative (1985-2015). She all but wrote the book on green design: Served on the US Green Building Council's LEED Steering Committee and chaired the Environmental Quality Technical Advisory Group for all LEED rating systems through 2004. Additionally, she was a founding member of LEED for Commercial Interiors, and received the 2010 ASID Designer of Distinction Award. Kirsten was a wonderful story teller, vivacious reader, bird lover, and operavore. She was a member of New York's Century Association and Waltz Society. She enjoyed travel with her dear friends and son, was a gleaming grandmother, and shall be remembered by her treasured family: Alex, Aaron, Natasha, Alexandra, Theodore, Delailah, Sebastian, Skye, and a plentitude of friends/colleagues Contact KACMem orial@gmail.com for memorial service information. Send condolences to her son, Aaron Childs, 6 Old Mill Lane, Rose Valley PA 19063. Consider donations to the SPCA and the Audubon Society. 1/3 

COHEN--Lester, 85, died peacefully January 22. Loving husband of Carol, proud father of Andrew (Elizabeth) and Mark, and adoring grandfather of Lily and Julia. Funeral services Monday January 25 at 9:30am at Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home. 1/3 COHEN--Lester, 85, died peacefully January 22. Loving husband of Carol, proud father of Andrew (Elizabeth) and Mark, and adoring grandfather of Lily and Julia. Funeral services Monday January 25 at 9:30am at Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home. 1/3 

BOROWITZ--Rabbi Eugene Bernard, a teacher of generations of rabbis and Jewish leaders, adoring and devoted husband, father, grandfather and great-grandfather, professor of modern Jewish thought and education at the Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion, scholar and author of 19 books and innumerable articles over seven decades, founder of Sh'ma Magazine, and proclaimed "bearer of light" by the Union of Reform Judaism passed away peacefully in his home on January 22, 2016. He was predeceased by his beloved wife Estelle Covel Borowitz and is survived by his children Lisa Borowitz, Drucy Borowitz and Philip Glick, and Nan and Andrew Langowitz; their children Zoey Glick and Matthew Swerdlin, Zachary Glick, Noah Langowitz and Monikah Schuschu, Emily Langowitz, and Joshua Langowitz; and great-grandson Lewis Swerdlin. He was a chaplain in the U.S. Navy and served congregations in St. Louis, MO and Port Washington, NY. Funeral service at 1pm on Sunday, January 24, Temple Sinai, 458 Lakeside Drive, Stamford, CT with burial to follow. Shiva Sunday, January 24, 6-8pm with 7pm service and again Monday, January 25, 2-4pm at Hyatt Regency Greenwich, Greenwich, CT. Presidential Suite. Further shiva at the home of Lisa Borowitz, 177 East Hartsdale Ave, Apt 5S, Hartsdale, NY, Monday evening, January 25 from 7-9pm with a service at 7:30; Tuesday, January 26 from 2-4pm and again 7-9pm with a service at 7:30pm. 1/3 BOROWITZ--Rabbi Eugene Bernard, a teacher of generations of rabbis and Jewish leaders, adoring and devoted husband, father, grandfather and great-grandfather, professor of modern Jewish thought and education at the Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion, scholar and author of 19 books and innumerable articles over seven decades, founder of Sh'ma Magazine, and proclaimed "bearer of light" by the Union of Reform Judaism passed away peacefully in his home on January 22, 2016. He was predeceased by his beloved wife Estelle Covel Borowitz and is survived by his children Lisa Borowitz, Drucy Borowitz and Philip Glick, and Nan and Andrew Langowitz; their children Zoey Glick and Matthew Swerdlin, Zachary Glick, Noah Langowitz and Monikah Schuschu, Emily Langowitz, and Joshua Langowitz; and great-grandson Lewis Swerdlin. He was a chaplain in the U.S. Navy and served congregations in St. Louis, MO and Port Washington, NY. Funeral service at 1pm on Sunday, January 24, Temple Sinai, 458 Lakeside Drive, Stamford, CT with burial to follow. Shiva Sunday, January 24, 6-8pm with 7pm service and again Monday, January 25, 2-4pm at Hyatt Regency Greenwich, Greenwich, CT. Presidential Suite. Further shiva at the home of Lisa Borowitz, 177 East Hartsdale Ave, Apt 5S, Hartsdale, NY, Monday evening, January 25 from 7-9pm with a service at 7:30; Tuesday, January 26 from 2-4pm and again 7-9pm with a service at 7:30pm. 1/3 

ZIELENZIGER--Dr. Ruth, who helped change how Conservative Jews in America are taught the Bible, and inspired some of Israel's most enduring poetry of love while a young woman, died Thursday at the RiverWalk independent living facility of the Hebrew Home in the Bronx, one day shy of her 93rd birthday. Awarded her Doctorate of Hebrew Literature at age 66, Dr. Zielenziger was instrumental in creating the curriculum for teaching the books of Genesis and Exodus in Conservative Judaism at the Melton Research Center of the Jewish Theological Seminary in New York City. The Melton program emphasized critical inquiry and the study of Bible for character education. She was a proponent of studying the creation myths and texts of other Middle Eastern cultures in order to better understand the context in which the Bible was written. Born in London, the daughter of Leo and Lola Herrmann, ardent Zionists, she grew up in Jerusalem before the founding of the Jewish state, and served as an ambulance driver and chauffeur in the British Army during World War II, where her fluency in Hebrew, English and German was invaluable. After the War, she attended the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, where she met a German emigre and fellow student, Yehuda Pfeuffer, whom she renamed Yehuda Amichai. Amichai went on to become Israel's most celebrated poet, and the first drafts of many of his most enduring poems were composed as letters exchanged between the two. Amichai's letters to Dr. Zielenziger are now archived at Ben Gurion University in Israel. She moved to New York in 1947, to study at the Teachers Institute of the Seminary. While in New York she met and subsequently married Eric W. Zielenziger, a German Jewish survivor of the Holocaust who escaped the Nazis by living underground in Amsterdam for more than two years. They had two children. For 34 years, Dr. Zielenziger taught education at the Jewish Theological Seminary, after teaching for many years in Hebrew schools in Brooklyn, Queens and Long Island. Before relocating to Riverdale in their later years the Zielenzigers lived primarily in Freeport and Great Neck, NY. She is survived by her sons David, of Great Neck, and Michael (Diane Abt) of Oakland, CA and Manhattan and a brother, Dr. Gabriel Herrmann of Jerusalem. 1/3 ZIELENZIGER--Dr. Ruth, who helped change how Conservative Jews in America are taught the Bible, and inspired some of Israel's most enduring poetry of love while a young woman, died Thursday at the RiverWalk independent living facility of the Hebrew Home in the Bronx, one day shy of her 93rd birthday. Awarded her Doctorate of Hebrew Literature at age 66, Dr. Zielenziger was instrumental in creating the curriculum for teaching the books of Genesis and Exodus in Conservative Judaism at the Melton Research Center of the Jewish Theological Seminary in New York City. The Melton program emphasized critical inquiry and the study of Bible for character education. She was a proponent of studying the creation myths and texts of other Middle Eastern cultures in order to better understand the context in which the Bible was written. Born in London, the daughter of Leo and Lola Herrmann, ardent Zionists, she grew up in Jerusalem before the founding of the Jewish state, and served as an ambulance driver and chauffeur in the British Army during World War II, where her fluency in Hebrew, English and German was invaluable. After the War, she attended the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, where she met a German emigre and fellow student, Yehuda Pfeuffer, whom she renamed Yehuda Amichai. Amichai went on to become Israel's most celebrated poet, and the first drafts of many of his most enduring poems were composed as letters exchanged between the two. Amichai's letters to Dr. Zielenziger are now archived at Ben Gurion University in Israel. She moved to New York in 1947, to study at the Teachers Institute of the Seminary. While in New York she met and subsequently married Eric W. Zielenziger, a German Jewish survivor of the Holocaust who escaped the Nazis by living underground in Amsterdam for more than two years. They had two children. For 34 years, Dr. Zielenziger taught education at the Jewish Theological Seminary, after teaching for many years in Hebrew schools in Brooklyn, Queens and Long Island. Before relocating to Riverdale in their later years the Zielenzigers lived primarily in Freeport and Great Neck, NY. She is survived by her sons David, of Great Neck, and Michael (Diane Abt) of Oakland, CA and Manhattan and a brother, Dr. Gabriel Herrmann of Jerusalem. 1/3 

KADISON--Rhoda, 95, daughter of Hyman and Sylvia Gechter, residing in Laguna Woods, formerly of Whitestone, NY. She was the beloved wife of Herbert for 70 years, adored mother of Eric and Jeffrey, loving grandmother and great-grandmother. Services will be in California. 1/3 KADISON--Rhoda, 95, daughter of Hyman and Sylvia Gechter, residing in Laguna Woods, formerly of Whitestone, NY. She was the beloved wife of Herbert for 70 years, adored mother of Eric and Jeffrey, loving grandmother and great-grandmother. Services will be in California. 1/3 

WASHBURN--Seth H. Seth Harwood Washburn, executive, musician, fly fisherman, civil rights advocate and beloved patriarch, died on January 17 in Bath, Maine. He was 94. Seth was born in Kansas City, MO on October 24, 1921, the son of Henrietta DeSelding and Rt. Reverend Benjamin Washburn, bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Newark. He married Janet Higginbotham in 1944. Seth attended Dartmouth College, and earned BS and MS degrees in Electrical Engineering from MIT. After serving in the Navy during World War ll, Seth joined Bell Laboratories where he spent his entire career and co-authored "The Design of Switching Circuits," a seminal text in his field. Seth was a fierce advocate for civil rights and fair housing. He was recognized by the Association of Black Laboratories Employees as a "visionary executive, skillful leader, and man of dignity and grace." In 1984, Seth and Janet fulfilled their love for the ocean and the working coast of New England by retiring to Bath. Janet died in 1987. Seth was an accomplished musician, playing piano, flute, and recorder, and had a passion for jazz. His life-long devotion to fly-fishing included tying his own flies for over 70 years. He loved his Newfies, Labs, and Maine Coon cats - and a strong martini and a good cigar. He is survived by five children, ten grandchildren, and three great-grandchildren. Seth Washburn was an extraordinary man and will be deeply missed by all who knew him. 1/3 WASHBURN--Seth H. Seth Harwood Washburn, executive, musician, fly fisherman, civil rights advocate and beloved patriarch, died on January 17 in Bath, Maine. He was 94. Seth was born in Kansas City, MO on October 24, 1921, the son of Henrietta DeSelding and Rt. Reverend Benjamin Washburn, bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Newark. He married Janet Higginbotham in 1944. Seth attended Dartmouth College, and earned BS and MS degrees in Electrical Engineering from MIT. After serving in the Navy during World War ll, Seth joined Bell Laboratories where he spent his entire career and co-authored "The Design of Switching Circuits," a seminal text in his field. Seth was a fierce advocate for civil rights and fair housing. He was recognized by the Association of Black Laboratories Employees as a "visionary executive, skillful leader, and man of dignity and grace." In 1984, Seth and Janet fulfilled their love for the ocean and the working coast of New England by retiring to Bath. Janet died in 1987. Seth was an accomplished musician, playing piano, flute, and recorder, and had a passion for jazz. His life-long devotion to fly-fishing included tying his own flies for over 70 years. He loved his Newfies, Labs, and Maine Coon cats - and a strong martini and a good cigar. He is survived by five children, ten grandchildren, and three great-grandchildren. Seth Washburn was an extraordinary man and will be deeply missed by all who knew him. 1/3 

GREENFELD--Marvin, on January 21, 2016, of New York City, formerly of Alexandria, VA, died peacefully shortly before his 91st birthday. Devoted husband to the late Renee E. Greenfeld and to second wife the late Marilyn Bartick. Loving father to Anne M. Greenfeld, Stephen S. Greenfeld, and the late Lawrence I. Greenfeld, and loving stepfather to Melissa Bartick. A WWII Veteran, he had a long professional career in electrical engineering and management, loved jazz and classical music-he was an outstanding trumpet player-and was an unreformed punster. Our father also frequently contributed to dozens of charitable organizations. Funeral service will be held on Tuesday, January 26, 2016, 12pm at Judean Memorial Gardens Chapel, 16225 Batchellors Forest Rd., Olney, MD. Interment will immediately follow in Judean Memorial Gardens Cemetery. 1/3 GREENFELD--Marvin, on January 21, 2016, of New York City, formerly of Alexandria, VA, died peacefully shortly before his 91st birthday. Devoted husband to the late Renee E. Greenfeld and to second wife the late Marilyn Bartick. Loving father to Anne M. Greenfeld, Stephen S. Greenfeld, and the late Lawrence I. Greenfeld, and loving stepfather to Melissa Bartick. A WWII Veteran, he had a long professional career in electrical engineering and management, loved jazz and classical music-he was an outstanding trumpet player-and was an unreformed punster. Our father also frequently contributed to dozens of charitable organizations. Funeral service will be held on Tuesday, January 26, 2016, 12pm at Judean Memorial Gardens Chapel, 16225 Batchellors Forest Rd., Olney, MD. Interment will immediately follow in Judean Memorial Gardens Cemetery. 1/3 

SHEIB--Marc B.,70, Devoted father to Brett (Courtnei) Bart (Sabrina) and Charlsey. Adored grandpa, caring brother. He was greatly loved by his family and will be missed forever. 1/3 SHEIB--Marc B.,70, Devoted father to Brett (Courtnei) Bart (Sabrina) and Charlsey. Adored grandpa, caring brother. He was greatly loved by his family and will be missed forever. 1/3 

SHEPPARD--Annamay, passed away in her sleep at her home in West Orange, New Jersey on December 30, 2015. She was 88.5 years old. For anyone who knew her or her work as a civil rights attorney, activist, and Rutgers Law School professor, it is clear that it's difficult to summarize who she was or the effect she had on others. She was magnetic, funny, serious, smart, and strongly believed in the work she did. People loved her deeply. Her community stretched wider than even we, her family, knew. Thank you for being a part of Annamay's life. 1/3 SHEPPARD--Annamay, passed away in her sleep at her home in West Orange, New Jersey on December 30, 2015. She was 88.5 years old. For anyone who knew her or her work as a civil rights attorney, activist, and Rutgers Law School professor, it is clear that it's difficult to summarize who she was or the effect she had on others. She was magnetic, funny, serious, smart, and strongly believed in the work she did. People loved her deeply. Her community stretched wider than even we, her family, knew. Thank you for being a part of Annamay's life. 1/3 

ABRAMSON--Richard. The Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation and our Board of Directors mourn the loss of our dear friend Richard Abramson. Richard's resiliency, passion, indomitable spirit and deep commitment to the fight against cancer in honor of all patients and families will always provide us inspiration. Our deepest appreciation and condolences go out to Lorraine and his loved ones. 1/3 ABRAMSON--Richard. The Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation and our Board of Directors mourn the loss of our dear friend Richard Abramson. Richard's resiliency, passion, indomitable spirit and deep commitment to the fight against cancer in honor of all patients and families will always provide us inspiration. Our deepest appreciation and condolences go out to Lorraine and his loved ones. 1/3 

VANDERSALL--Thornton M.D. The Department of Psychiatry at North Shore University Hospital mourns the passing of our former Chairman, Thornton Vandersall MD on January 8, 2016. From 1974 to 1988, Dr. Vandersall's leadership was characterized by a commitment to resident education, sensitive patient care and faculty development. A board-certified pediatrician, psychiatrist and child psychiatrist, he also initiated a Child Psychiatry Division at North Shore. Dr. Vandersall received his MD degree from Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia, his pediatric training at Bellevue and New York Hospitals, and his psychiatry and child psychiatry training at St. Luke's Medical Center. He achieved the rank of Emeritus Professor of Clinical Psychiatry at Cornell University Medical College. Engaged in both his local medical community and national psychiatry organizations, Dr. Vandersall was recognized as a life member of the Nassau County Medical Society, the Medical Society of the State of New York, and the American Medical Association; and as a Distinguished Life Fellow of the American Psychiatric Association and the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry. He influenced the careers of many psychiatrists and the lives of countless patients and families through his high clinical standards, his strong physician values, and his thoughtful gentlemanliness. John M. Kane, M.D. Chairman, Department of Psychiatry North Shore University Hospital/ Long Island Jewish Medical Center/ Hofstra Northwell School of Medicine 1/3 VANDERSALL--Thornton M.D. The Department of Psychiatry at North Shore University Hospital mourns the passing of our former Chairman, Thornton Vandersall MD on January 8, 2016. From 1974 to 1988, Dr. Vandersall's leadership was characterized by a commitment to resident education, sensitive patient care and faculty development. A board-certified pediatrician, psychiatrist and child psychiatrist, he also initiated a Child Psychiatry Division at North Shore. Dr. Vandersall received his MD degree from Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia, his pediatric training at Bellevue and New York Hospitals, and his psychiatry and child psychiatry training at St. Luke's Medical Center. He achieved the rank of Emeritus Professor of Clinical Psychiatry at Cornell University Medical College. Engaged in both his local medical community and national psychiatry organizations, Dr. Vandersall was recognized as a life member of the Nassau County Medical Society, the Medical Society of the State of New York, and the American Medical Association; and as a Distinguished Life Fellow of the American Psychiatric Association and the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry. He influenced the careers of many psychiatrists and the lives of countless patients and families through his high clinical standards, his strong physician values, and his thoughtful gentlemanliness. John M. Kane, M.D. Chairman, Department of Psychiatry North Shore University Hospital/ Long Island Jewish Medical Center/ Hofstra Northwell School of Medicine 1/3 

POLLNER--Martin. The family of Martin Pollner mourns the passing of its devoted husband, father, grandfather and brother. In addition to his service to his family, Martin provided more than half a century of service to his country and to the legal profession, serving several United States presidents. He held senior positions with the United States government, including Deputy Attorney General under Robert F. Kennedy and Deputy Assistant of the Treasury and Director of Law Enforcement under Secretaries of the Treasury David Kennedy, John Connally and George Schultz. He helped develop civil rights legislation and developed and coordinated law enforcement policy within the Treasury Department, including the IRS, Customs, Secret Service and Interpol. In addition to service on various Cabinet committees, Martin headed the U.S. Delegation to several Interpol General Assemblies and, after returning to private practice, he was appointed by Secretary of State William P. Rogers as the U.S. representative to the International Narcotics Control Board of the United Nations, a position he held for several years. Over the years, Martin received numerous honors and awards, including the Townsend Harris Medal in 2005 and the Ellis Island Medal of Honor in 2007. After serving as an Assistant United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, Martin, in private practice, advised and represented individuals, including CEO's of major corporations as well as numerous luminaries, and companies; investigated corporate misconduct; and untangled complex tax issues, workouts and bankruptcies. Notwithstanding a stellar legal career, nothing delighted him more than his family. He is survived by his wife Valerie, his sons Daniel and Richard, and their spouses, Melissa and Deb, granddaughters Gabriella, Rebekah and Lexi, and his brother Philip. He was entirely unique, and we will miss him. For those who wish to honor his memory, we ask that donations be made to The Rogosin Institute, www.rogosin.org/donate, The Hebrew Home at Riverdale, or Cardiovascular Institute Fund of Mt. Sinai. 1/3 POLLNER--Martin. The family of Martin Pollner mourns the passing of its devoted husband, father, grandfather and brother. In addition to his service to his family, Martin provided more than half a century of service to his country and to the legal profession, serving several United States presidents. He held senior positions with the United States government, including Deputy Attorney General under Robert F. Kennedy and Deputy Assistant of the Treasury and Director of Law Enforcement under Secretaries of the Treasury David Kennedy, John Connally and George Schultz. He helped develop civil rights legislation and developed and coordinated law enforcement policy within the Treasury Department, including the IRS, Customs, Secret Service and Interpol. In addition to service on various Cabinet committees, Martin headed the U.S. Delegation to several Interpol General Assemblies and, after returning to private practice, he was appointed by Secretary of State William P. Rogers as the U.S. representative to the International Narcotics Control Board of the United Nations, a position he held for several years. Over the years, Martin received numerous honors and awards, including the Townsend Harris Medal in 2005 and the Ellis Island Medal of Honor in 2007. After serving as an Assistant United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, Martin, in private practice, advised and represented individuals, including CEO's of major corporations as well as numerous luminaries, and companies; investigated corporate misconduct; and untangled complex tax issues, workouts and bankruptcies. Notwithstanding a stellar legal career, nothing delighted him more than his family. He is survived by his wife Valerie, his sons Daniel and Richard, and their spouses, Melissa and Deb, granddaughters Gabriella, Rebekah and Lexi, and his brother Philip. He was entirely unique, and we will miss him. For those who wish to honor his memory, we ask that donations be made to The Rogosin Institute, www.rogosin.org/donate, The Hebrew Home at Riverdale, or Cardiovascular Institute Fund of Mt. Sinai. 1/3 

EPPLER--Jerome C. Investment professional, passed away on December 16, 2015 at his home in Denver, Colorado. He was born on March 16, 1924 in Englewood, New Jersey, to William E. and Aileen V. Eppler and was a 50 year resident of Morris County, NJ. He was educated at the Peck School, Berkshire School, Rice University, Texas A&M and graduated with an MBA from Wharton (University of Pennsylvania) in 1949. Prior to attending Wharton, Jerry served in the US Navy as a Lieutenant JG on USS La Porte, and later served on the staff of Admiral Louis Denfeld (Chief of Naval Operations) in Washington, DC. Jerry began his investment career at Equitable Securities in Houston before joining the New York brokerage firm of Cyrus J. Lawrence & Sons in 1952, where he became their youngest partner. In 1961 Jerry created Eppler & Company as a private, independent advisory and investment firm focused on managing portfolio assets for a number of family groups including the Bass and Richardson families of Wichita Falls, the Harrington family of Amarillo, the Murchison family of Dallas, and the Vickers family of Wichita and Denver. Eppler & Company advised its clients on both control and non-control investments in numerous public and private companies, including venture capital investments, leveraged buyouts and proxy contests as an activist investor in an era when many of these investment strategies were not widely deployed. Through his work at Eppler & Company, Jerry was active in the management and governance of some of America's major companies. In the transportation sector, he played a role in the establishment of the New York Central Railroad and later served as a director of the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (1965-1969). In addition, Jerry helped to found US Airways through the acquisition of regional carriers including Mohawk Airlines and Lake Central Airlines. Jerry was a longstanding director of Swift & Company and had an important role in the transformation of Swift into Esmark, Inc. between 1965 - 1990, creating one of America's leading conglomerates with a business portfolio that included: Swift Meats, International Playtex, Avis Rent a Car, Vickers Energy and Trans Ocean Oil. Jerry was a director of Recognition Equipment Company, inventor of the bar code and digital reading technology as well as Tessco Technologies Inc. a major electronics distribution company (1982-2007). In the entertainment world, Jerry was the chairman of United Screen Arts from 1966-1973. In finance, Jerry was Chairman and CEO of ISI Corporation (1967-1977), owner of the Life Insurance Company of California (innovator of the universal life insurance product), Windsor Life (U.K), and World Wide Life Assurance Co. (U.K.) which, together, were later sold to EF Hutton. Jerry was a long serving director of Telecredit Inc., a technology-enabler of the credit card industry (later acquired by Equifax) and was a director of the First National Iron Bank of Morristown New Jersey. Jerry was a limited partner of Alex Brown & Sons (Baltimore, MD) from 1982-1984, and a principal in Olympic Capital Partners, a Seattle based investment group (1995-2000). In addition to his corporate efforts, Jerry was an active philanthropist, particularly supporting education and the arts. Jerry would remain active with Wharton throughout his career and served as the first head of Wharton's Alumni Association (1972-1986). In addition, he was a co-founder of the New York Society of Security Analysts. He was a lifelong supporter of Middlebury College in Vermont and served as a trustee of Drew University (Madison, NJ) from 1966-1967. He was a longtime board member of the Morris Museum of Arts and Sciences (Morristown, NJ, 1954-1976) and served on the Board of the Metropolitan Opera Association (New York City, 1980-1982). Jerry was a member of the Industrial Advisory Committee of the University of California (San Diego, 1978-1993) and served on the Board of the Scripps Clinic and Research Foundation (La Jolla, CA). In his later years, he was the founding Chairman of the Global Leadership Council in the College of Business at Colorado State University, serving as its first Chairman (2002-2004) and as a member (2002-2012). Jerry will be remembered by his many friends and family as a quintessential venture capitalist with a keen business vision and strong entrepreneurial spirit. Jerry is survived by his wife, Debora Nye Eppler, his five children (Stephen, Randy, Margaret, Elizabeth Vidmar and Edward), eight grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. He will be laid to rest in a family plot in Mendham, New Jersey. Share your memories of Jerry by visiting the guestbook link. - See more at: www.horancares.com 1/3 EPPLER--Jerome C. Investment professional, passed away on December 16, 2015 at his home in Denver, Colorado. He was born on March 16, 1924 in Englewood, New Jersey, to William E. and Aileen V. Eppler and was a 50 year resident of Morris County, NJ. He was educated at the Peck School, Berkshire School, Rice University, Texas A&M and graduated with an MBA from Wharton (University of Pennsylvania) in 1949. Prior to attending Wharton, Jerry served in the US Navy as a Lieutenant JG on USS La Porte, and later served on the staff of Admiral Louis Denfeld (Chief of Naval Operations) in Washington, DC. Jerry began his investment career at Equitable Securities in Houston before joining the New York brokerage firm of Cyrus J. Lawrence & Sons in 1952, where he became their youngest partner. In 1961 Jerry created Eppler & Company as a private, independent advisory and investment firm focused on managing portfolio assets for a number of family groups including the Bass and Richardson families of Wichita Falls, the Harrington family of Amarillo, the Murchison family of Dallas, and the Vickers family of Wichita and Denver. Eppler & Company advised its clients on both control and non-control investments in numerous public and private companies, including venture capital investments, leveraged buyouts and proxy contests as an activist investor in an era when many of these investment strategies were not widely deployed. Through his work at Eppler & Company, Jerry was active in the management and governance of some of America's major companies. In the transportation sector, he played a role in the establishment of the New York Central Railroad and later served as a director of the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (1965-1969). In addition, Jerry helped to found US Airways through the acquisition of regional carriers including Mohawk Airlines and Lake Central Airlines. Jerry was a longstanding director of Swift & Company and had an important role in the transformation of Swift into Esmark, Inc. between 1965 - 1990, creating one of America's leading conglomerates with a business portfolio that included: Swift Meats, International Playtex, Avis Rent a Car, Vickers Energy and Trans Ocean Oil. Jerry was a director of Recognition Equipment Company, inventor of the bar code and digital reading technology as well as Tessco Technologies Inc. a major electronics distribution company (1982-2007). In the entertainment world, Jerry was the chairman of United Screen Arts from 1966-1973. In finance, Jerry was Chairman and CEO of ISI Corporation (1967-1977), owner of the Life Insurance Company of California (innovator of the universal life insurance product), Windsor Life (U.K), and World Wide Life Assurance Co. (U.K.) which, together, were later sold to EF Hutton. Jerry was a long serving director of Telecredit Inc., a technology-enabler of the credit card industry (later acquired by Equifax) and was a director of the First National Iron Bank of Morristown New Jersey. Jerry was a limited partner of Alex Brown & Sons (Baltimore, MD) from 1982-1984, and a principal in Olympic Capital Partners, a Seattle based investment group (1995-2000). In addition to his corporate efforts, Jerry was an active philanthropist, particularly supporting education and the arts. Jerry would remain active with Wharton throughout his career and served as the first head of Wharton's Alumni Association (1972-1986). In addition, he was a co-founder of the New York Society of Security Analysts. He was a lifelong supporter of Middlebury College in Vermont and served as a trustee of Drew University (Madison, NJ) from 1966-1967. He was a longtime board member of the Morris Museum of Arts and Sciences (Morristown, NJ, 1954-1976) and served on the Board of the Metropolitan Opera Association (New York City, 1980-1982). Jerry was a member of the Industrial Advisory Committee of the University of California (San Diego, 1978-1993) and served on the Board of the Scripps Clinic and Research Foundation (La Jolla, CA). In his later years, he was the founding Chairman of the Global Leadership Council in the College of Business at Colorado State University, serving as its first Chairman (2002-2004) and as a member (2002-2012). Jerry will be remembered by his many friends and family as a quintessential venture capitalist with a keen business vision and strong entrepreneurial spirit. Jerry is survived by his wife, Debora Nye Eppler, his five children (Stephen, Randy, Margaret, Elizabeth Vidmar and Edward), eight grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. He will be laid to rest in a family plot in Mendham, New Jersey. Share your memories of Jerry by visiting the guestbook link. - See more at: www.horancares.com 1/3 

GANZ--Arnold R.,age 90, a resident of Westport, CT, passed away peacefully at his home on January 21, 2016. Mr. Ganz was born in New York City, son of the late William and Irene Ganz, and was a United States Army Veteran who served during World War II. He was a recipient of a Purple Heart and Bronze Star. He attended Biarritz American University and NYU majoring in business administration. Mr. Ganz was President of Pervel Ind., a subsidiary of Bemis Corporation, until his retirement in 1990. He is survived by his beloved wife of 64 years, Enid W. Ganz, his devoted children; Austin (Cheryl), Harrison (Heidi), and Andrea (Robert Vogel), and adored grandchildren Evan, Bradford, and Jordan. Mr. Ganz was predeceased by his sister, Lenore Epstein. Funeral services will take place on Monday, January 25, 2016 at 11am at Temple Israel 14 Coleytown Road Westport, CT with interment at Temple Israel Cemetery, Richards Avenue in Norwalk. Memorials to the American Liver Foundation. 1/3 GANZ--Arnold R.,age 90, a resident of Westport, CT, passed away peacefully at his home on January 21, 2016. Mr. Ganz was born in New York City, son of the late William and Irene Ganz, and was a United States Army Veteran who served during World War II. He was a recipient of a Purple Heart and Bronze Star. He attended Biarritz American University and NYU majoring in business administration. Mr. Ganz was President of Pervel Ind., a subsidiary of Bemis Corporation, until his retirement in 1990. He is survived by his beloved wife of 64 years, Enid W. Ganz, his devoted children; Austin (Cheryl), Harrison (Heidi), and Andrea (Robert Vogel), and adored grandchildren Evan, Bradford, and Jordan. Mr. Ganz was predeceased by his sister, Lenore Epstein. Funeral services will take place on Monday, January 25, 2016 at 11am at Temple Israel 14 Coleytown Road Westport, CT with interment at Temple Israel Cemetery, Richards Avenue in Norwalk. Memorials to the American Liver Foundation. 1/3 

MURPHY--Arthur W.,93, Professor Emeritus of Columbia Law School, died on January 16th. He was a graduate of Boston Latin School, Harvard University, and Columbia Law School (Class of 1948). A veteran of the 17th Airborne Division in WWII, he joined the faculty of Columbia Law School in 1963 after stints at the U.S. Department of Justice and in private practice. Professor Murphy taught until four years ago, becoming, at 89, the oldest active professor in the history of the Law School. Survived by wife Jean, children Lois, Rachel, and Paul; sons- in-law Peter and James; grandchildren Matthew, Elizabeth, Keith, Julia, Alexander, and Nicholas; and great- grandchildren Kayla, Autumn, and Zoe. A memorial at Columbia Law School will be announced as soon as plans are completed. 1/3 MURPHY--Arthur W.,93, Professor Emeritus of Columbia Law School, died on January 16th. He was a graduate of Boston Latin School, Harvard University, and Columbia Law School (Class of 1948). A veteran of the 17th Airborne Division in WWII, he joined the faculty of Columbia Law School in 1963 after stints at the U.S. Department of Justice and in private practice. Professor Murphy taught until four years ago, becoming, at 89, the oldest active professor in the history of the Law School. Survived by wife Jean, children Lois, Rachel, and Paul; sons- in-law Peter and James; grandchildren Matthew, Elizabeth, Keith, Julia, Alexander, and Nicholas; and great- grandchildren Kayla, Autumn, and Zoe. A memorial at Columbia Law School will be announced as soon as plans are completed. 1/3 

RABINOVITCH--Ralph D. MD. January 17, 1917, died February 23, 2015. Trained at Bellevue in Child Psychiatry under pioneer Lauretta Bender along with late wife Dr Sara Dubo. They co-founded Children's Psychiatric Hospital University of Michigan and Hawthorn Center for State of Michigan, an innovative and nationally renowned institution. Wrote influential papers on autism, dyslexia, graphic art in Psychiatry. His film "Stevie's Light Bulb" won Blue Ribbon at American Film Festival. Memorial Service January 31, 12:00. irakaufman.com 1/3 RABINOVITCH--Ralph D. MD. January 17, 1917, died February 23, 2015. Trained at Bellevue in Child Psychiatry under pioneer Lauretta Bender along with late wife Dr Sara Dubo. They co-founded Children's Psychiatric Hospital University of Michigan and Hawthorn Center for State of Michigan, an innovative and nationally renowned institution. Wrote influential papers on autism, dyslexia, graphic art in Psychiatry. His film "Stevie's Light Bulb" won Blue Ribbon at American Film Festival. Memorial Service January 31, 12:00. irakaufman.com 1/3 

SIDEROW--Neil, beloved father, grandfather, business partner and friend, passed away peacefully at home on December 4th, 2015. He is survived by his sons Stephen, Brad and Josh, his daughters-in-law Saskia and Vanessa, and his six grandchildren, Abigail, Nathaniel, Sofia, Liam, Eli and Mia. Above all, Neil was a mensch. We will miss his charm, his enthusiasm for life and his boundless love for family, the Jewish people and the State of Israel. 1/3 SIDEROW--Neil, beloved father, grandfather, business partner and friend, passed away peacefully at home on December 4th, 2015. He is survived by his sons Stephen, Brad and Josh, his daughters-in-law Saskia and Vanessa, and his six grandchildren, Abigail, Nathaniel, Sofia, Liam, Eli and Mia. Above all, Neil was a mensch. We will miss his charm, his enthusiasm for life and his boundless love for family, the Jewish people and the State of Israel. 1/3 

RYAN--Dr. James H.,85. Pioneering psychiatrist, and long time Professor of Clinical Psychiatry at the Columbia College of Physicians & Surgeons, died at home in East Hampton on December 28th. Dr. Ryan played a key role in introducing the use of video to psychiatric education, helping to shape the curriculum for several generations of New York State medical residents. Over his nearly 60 year career, Ryan also maintained an active private practice, first in New York, and then too in East Hampton. Born in 1930 in Albion, NY, Ryan didn't fit the typical mold of psychotherapist. He rode high school football stardom to Yale, where he started as quarterback in his senior year, and also punter and kick-off receiver. Invited to training camp with the Cleveland Browns, Ryan opted instead for Harvard Medical School, and a life beyond football. In addition to former students, patients, and colleagues, Ryan is survived by his loving family: Wife Lisa Eyer Ryan, daughter Justine Ryan, sons Maxwell and Oliver Ryan, and granddaughter Ursula, as well as by his brother Maury Ryan of Providence, RI. 1/3 RYAN--Dr. James H.,85. Pioneering psychiatrist, and long time Professor of Clinical Psychiatry at the Columbia College of Physicians & Surgeons, died at home in East Hampton on December 28th. Dr. Ryan played a key role in introducing the use of video to psychiatric education, helping to shape the curriculum for several generations of New York State medical residents. Over his nearly 60 year career, Ryan also maintained an active private practice, first in New York, and then too in East Hampton. Born in 1930 in Albion, NY, Ryan didn't fit the typical mold of psychotherapist. He rode high school football stardom to Yale, where he started as quarterback in his senior year, and also punter and kick-off receiver. Invited to training camp with the Cleveland Browns, Ryan opted instead for Harvard Medical School, and a life beyond football. In addition to former students, patients, and colleagues, Ryan is survived by his loving family: Wife Lisa Eyer Ryan, daughter Justine Ryan, sons Maxwell and Oliver Ryan, and granddaughter Ursula, as well as by his brother Maury Ryan of Providence, RI. 1/3 

GERSTEL--Joel. The American Parkinson Disease Association mourns the passing of Mr. Joel Gerstel, its former President and CEO who passionately served the organization and the Parkinson's community as a national board member and then as its Chief Staff leader for over 30 years. We send our love and condolences to his family on behalf of all the families he faithfully served. 1/3 GERSTEL--Joel. The American Parkinson Disease Association mourns the passing of Mr. Joel Gerstel, its former President and CEO who passionately served the organization and the Parkinson's community as a national board member and then as its Chief Staff leader for over 30 years. We send our love and condolences to his family on behalf of all the families he faithfully served. 1/3 

FREDENBURGH--Harold, architect of emblematic tall buildings on skylines across the country, died on January 21, 2016 after a year-long battle with cancer. He was 82 years old. After earning a Master of Architecture degree from Yale University, Fredenburgh worked for a quarter century at I.M. Pei & Partners, where he was an associate partner and design principal. He established his own office, Fredenburgh Wegierska-Mutin Architects, in 1990. In his work with the Pei firm and in independent practice, each of his buildings marked its setting with iconic forms and distinctive public spaces, from a master planned waterfront promenade in Dubai to the iconic CenTrust Tower in Miami, Texas Commerce Tower in Houston, and First Interstate World Center, the tallest building west of Chicago, which provides a memorable centerpoint to the vast horizontal landscape of Los Angeles. Harold Fredenburgh also made major contributions to the design of the John Hancock Tower in Boston. Fredenburgh's efforts in landmark preservation and planning policy contributed to shaping New York City. For two decades his leadership in planning and design review in his home community of Bronxville, New York, was instrumental in preserving the unique character of a landmark residential village while allowing it to meet the challenges of contemporary needs. He was a guiding voice on the Scholarship and Brunner Award Committees of the American Institute of Architects/New York Chapter, a member of the Planning and Urban Design Committee, and a founding member of the Society of Architectural Historians. An unusually well read and scholarly architect, he was an accomplished international lecturer on design and urban planning issues, and was widely regarded in both the university and in the office as a dedicated teacher and ardent advocate of young professionals. As a consequence of his experience with the design of tall buildings, in 1998 he was elected one of four American members of the Russian Academy of Architecture and Building Sciences. He was elevated to Fellowship in the American Institute of Architects in 2014. Harold Fredenburgh will be very missed by his daughter Audrey Mateer, son-in-law Robert Williams, Anna Mutin, friends and colleagues. 1/3 FREDENBURGH--Harold, architect of emblematic tall buildings on skylines across the country, died on January 21, 2016 after a year-long battle with cancer. He was 82 years old. After earning a Master of Architecture degree from Yale University, Fredenburgh worked for a quarter century at I.M. Pei & Partners, where he was an associate partner and design principal. He established his own office, Fredenburgh Wegierska-Mutin Architects, in 1990. In his work with the Pei firm and in independent practice, each of his buildings marked its setting with iconic forms and distinctive public spaces, from a master planned waterfront promenade in Dubai to the iconic CenTrust Tower in Miami, Texas Commerce Tower in Houston, and First Interstate World Center, the tallest building west of Chicago, which provides a memorable centerpoint to the vast horizontal landscape of Los Angeles. Harold Fredenburgh also made major contributions to the design of the John Hancock Tower in Boston. Fredenburgh's efforts in landmark preservation and planning policy contributed to shaping New York City. For two decades his leadership in planning and design review in his home community of Bronxville, New York, was instrumental in preserving the unique character of a landmark residential village while allowing it to meet the challenges of contemporary needs. He was a guiding voice on the Scholarship and Brunner Award Committees of the American Institute of Architects/New York Chapter, a member of the Planning and Urban Design Committee, and a founding member of the Society of Architectural Historians. An unusually well read and scholarly architect, he was an accomplished international lecturer on design and urban planning issues, and was widely regarded in both the university and in the office as a dedicated teacher and ardent advocate of young professionals. As a consequence of his experience with the design of tall buildings, in 1998 he was elected one of four American members of the Russian Academy of Architecture and Building Sciences. He was elevated to Fellowship in the American Institute of Architects in 2014. Harold Fredenburgh will be very missed by his daughter Audrey Mateer, son-in-law Robert Williams, Anna Mutin, friends and colleagues. 1/3 

WEIDENFELD--Lord George The America-Israel Friendship League expresses its great sorrow at the passing of Lord George Weidenfeld. His wisdom, experience, good will and warm friendship can never be replaced and will never be forgotten. His activities in support of efforts to resolve the challenges of international affairs involved intimate contact with world leaders at the highest levels. He will especially be remembered for guiding the renewal of German participation in world affairs which accelerated Germany's acceptance in the councils of peace and constructive dialogue. His commitment to the survival and success of Israel in world affairs can be matched by few participants in international diplomacy. We send our sincere condolences to Lady Weidenfeld and his adoring family. Mortimer B. Zuckerman, Honorary President; Kenneth J. Bialkin, Chairman; Ambassador Dan Gillerman, Chairman of Israel Board; Daniella Rilov, Executive Director; Ruby Shamir, Executive Director, AIFL Israel and Director of International Operations; Dr. Charlotte K. Frank, Chair, Executive Committee; Ira J. Greenblatt, Treasurer; Peter J. Halasz, Secretary James S. Tisch 1 WEIDENFELD--Lord George The America-Israel Friendship League expresses its great sorrow at the passing of Lord George Weidenfeld. His wisdom, experience, good will and warm friendship can never be replaced and will never be forgotten. His activities in support of efforts to resolve the challenges of international affairs involved intimate contact with world leaders at the highest levels. He will especially be remembered for guiding the renewal of German participation in world affairs which accelerated Germany's acceptance in the councils of peace and constructive dialogue. His commitment to the survival and success of Israel in world affairs can be matched by few participants in international diplomacy. We send our sincere condolences to Lady Weidenfeld and his adoring family. Mortimer B. Zuckerman, Honorary President; Kenneth J. Bialkin, Chairman; Ambassador Dan Gillerman, Chairman of Israel Board; Daniella Rilov, Executive Director; Ruby Shamir, Executive Director, AIFL Israel and Director of International Operations; Dr. Charlotte K. Frank, Chair, Executive Committee; Ira J. Greenblatt, Treasurer; Peter J. Halasz, Secretary James S. Tisch 1 

FITZSIMONS--John Joseph, passed away peacefully in his Manhattan home Friday, January 22 surrounded by his devoted wife of 39 years Diane, daughters Elizabeth, Bronwen, and Gael, their husbands, and his grandson Jack. He was 73. Born at St. Vincent's Hospital in Manhattan to parents Teresa Fitzsimons (nee Collum) and John P. Fitzsimons, "John Joe" was raised in Woodside, Queens. Predeceased by his sister Maureen 33 years to the day, John is survived by his brother, Cornelius. John was founder and Chairman of Data Systems Computer Centre. John was Vice Chairman of the New York City St. Patrick's Day Parade, for which he would annually paint the green line along the 5th Avenue parade route. He was the Almoner of the Society of the Friendly Sons of St. Patrick, a member of the Board of Directors of the St. Patrick's Day Foundation, and also an active member of the Ireland US Council, the Knights of St. Patrick, and the American Ireland Fund. 1/3 FITZSIMONS--John Joseph, passed away peacefully in his Manhattan home Friday, January 22 surrounded by his devoted wife of 39 years Diane, daughters Elizabeth, Bronwen, and Gael, their husbands, and his grandson Jack. He was 73. Born at St. Vincent's Hospital in Manhattan to parents Teresa Fitzsimons (nee Collum) and John P. Fitzsimons, "John Joe" was raised in Woodside, Queens. Predeceased by his sister Maureen 33 years to the day, John is survived by his brother, Cornelius. John was founder and Chairman of Data Systems Computer Centre. John was Vice Chairman of the New York City St. Patrick's Day Parade, for which he would annually paint the green line along the 5th Avenue parade route. He was the Almoner of the Society of the Friendly Sons of St. Patrick, a member of the Board of Directors of the St. Patrick's Day Foundation, and also an active member of the Ireland US Council, the Knights of St. Patrick, and the American Ireland Fund. 1/3 

GERSTEL--Joel. Temple Israel of Lawrence mourns the loss of our beloved member and past president who served with vigor, vision and virtue. We extend our heartfelt condolences to his family. Jay H. Rosenbaum, Rabbi Kenneth A. Shapiro, President 1/3 GERSTEL--Joel. Temple Israel of Lawrence mourns the loss of our beloved member and past president who served with vigor, vision and virtue. We extend our heartfelt condolences to his family. Jay H. Rosenbaum, Rabbi Kenneth A. Shapiro, President 1/3 

The Des Moines Register backed Senator Marco Rubio of Florida for the Republicans; and Hillary Clinton for the Democrats. And Senator Charles E. Grassley shared a stage with Donald J. Trump. The Des Moines Register backed Senator Marco Rubio of Florida for the Republicans; and Hillary Clinton for the Democrats. And Senator Charles E. Grassley shared a stage with Donald J. Trump. 

Mr. Sanders has struck a chord with young people, but his campaign acknowledges that beating Hillary Clinton in Iowa will require overcoming their history of dismal attendance. Mr. Sanders has struck a chord with young people, but his campaign acknowledges that beating Hillary Clinton in Iowa will require overcoming their history of dismal attendance. Bernie Sanders's presidential campaign has launched major effort to court young voters in Iowa, group with which senator has strong pull but which is notoriously unreliable; Sanders acknowledges defeating Hillary Clinton in Iowa depends on his ability to motivate youth.

A one-minute spot, featuring a Simon and Garfunkel song, shows Iowa farmers, city dwellers and fans of Mr. Sanders, without saying a word about his platform or his rivals. A one-minute spot, featuring a Simon and Garfunkel song, shows Iowa farmers, city dwellers and fans of Mr. Sanders, without saying a word about his platform or his rivals. Response and message of campaign television ad from Sen Bernie Sanders's presidential campaign uses Simon and Garfunkel song America to appeal to voters in days leading to Iowa caucuses; Republican candidates Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz and Jeb Bush also find innovative ways to reach voters in Iowa. 

Thousands of families have fled the Porter Ranch neighborhood, and many say they are not sure they will return. Thousands of families have fled the Porter Ranch neighborhood, and many say they are not sure they will return. Many residents of Los Angeles neighborhood of Porter Ranch refuse to return to their homes following long-term natural gas leak, despite city's insistence air is safe; many have turned to attorneys for help, some of whom are formulating lawsuits against city and Southern California Gas Company; current degree of public distrust seen in LA may well stem from events in Flint, Mich, city grappling with deadly results of lead contamination in drinking water, long ignored by officials. 

Brief background information on the most powerful figures in the kingdom, and how they stand in the sometimes complicated order of succession. Brief background information on the most powerful figures in the kingdom, and how they stand in the sometimes complicated order of succession. 

As every major decision was made over more than a year, officials at all levels of government acted in ways that contributed to the public health emergency in Flint, Mich. As every major decision was made over more than a year, officials at all levels of government acted in ways that contributed to the public health emergency in Flint, Mich. Documentation shows officials at all levels of government acted in ways that slowed handling of Flint, Mich, water crisis and allowed it to stretch over months; disagreements, miscommunications, flaws in testing and, in some cases, ineptitude contributed to mounting health crisis.

Evgeni Malkin scored a hat trick to help the Penguins defeat the Vancouver Canucks, 5-4, on Saturday in Pittsburgh. Evgeni Malkin scored a hat trick to help the Penguins defeat the Vancouver Canucks, 5-4, on Saturday in Pittsburgh. 

The Cleveland Cavaliers&#8217; biggest star and their newly promoted head coach both say the team must play better. The Cleveland Cavaliers&#8217; biggest star and their newly promoted head coach both say the team must play better. 

The Mets, after saying they would probably not sign Cespedes, are paying him the highest average annual salary of any free-agent position player this off-season. The Mets, after saying they would probably not sign Cespedes, are paying him the highest average annual salary of any free-agent position player this off-season. 

The rapid spread of the mosquito-borne virus, which has been linked to a surge in malformed infants, has forced Latin America to take extreme health measures. The rapid spread of the mosquito-borne virus, which has been linked to a surge in malformed infants, has forced Latin America to take extreme health measures. 

The community has high levels of unemployment and addiction to drugs and alcohol, and there have been waves of suicides, mostly among young residents. The community has high levels of unemployment and addiction to drugs and alcohol, and there have been waves of suicides, mostly among young residents. 

Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said that even minimal training significantly enhanced their ability to maintain control of Ramadi. Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said that even minimal training significantly enhanced their ability to maintain control of Ramadi. 

The Jayhawks, who have been struggling of late, used a 24-6 run in the second half to knock off the Longhorns and were led by Perry Ellis, who scored 26 points. The Jayhawks, who have been struggling of late, used a 24-6 run in the second half to knock off the Longhorns and were led by Perry Ellis, who scored 26 points. College Basketball Men's Roundup; Kansas defeats Texas, 76-67; other men's college basketball scores noted.

Complaints on social media by two deputy governors besieged by Taliban, Qaeda and Islamic State fighters were not viewed kindly by the government of President Ashraf Ghani. Complaints on social media by two deputy governors besieged by Taliban, Qaeda and Islamic State fighters were not viewed kindly by the government of President Ashraf Ghani. Afghan government fires Helmand Province's deputy governor Mohammad Jan Rasoolyar, who used Facebook to plead for help against Taliban offensive; authorities deem move, made after earlier appeals were ignored, to be excessively reckless; episode reflects social media's ongoing ambivalent relationship to official communications.

Many in Egypt are baffled by the scale of a clampdown aimed at preventing any protest commemorating the Jan. 25, 2011, uprising that toppled former President Hosni Mubarak. Many in Egypt are baffled by the scale of a clampdown aimed at preventing any protest commemorating the Jan. 25, 2011, uprising that toppled former President Hosni Mubarak. Egyptian authorities raid Cairo cultural venues in crackdown aimed at preventing unrest ahead of 5th anniversary of toppling of Pres Hosni Mubarak; observers perplexed by scale of government's security response suspect it may be motivated less by fears of public impatience than by anxiety surrounding security forces' grim memories of their catastrophic loss of control in 2011 uprising.

Lake Poopó was officially declared evaporated in December, forcing many people to leave the area. Lake Poopó was officially declared evaporated in December, forcing many people to leave the area. Lake Poopo, once Bolivia's second-largest lake, is declared evaporated, victim of climate change, drought and diversion of water for agriculture and mining; lake's disappearance has deprived hundreds, if not thousands, of people of livelihoods and led most to abandon area.

Nigel Sears, Ana Ivanovic’s coach and Andy Murray’s father-in-law, was taken to the hospital after collapsing at the Australian Open, and Victoria Azarenka defeated Naomi Osaka. Nigel Sears, Ana Ivanovic’s coach and Andy Murray’s father-in-law, was taken to the hospital after collapsing at the Australian Open, and Victoria Azarenka defeated Naomi Osaka. Tennis Roundup; Victoria Azarenka goes on to defeat Naomi Osaka in third round of Australian Open tennis tournament, nearly hour after Nigel Sears, Ana Ivanovic’s coach and Andy Murray’s father-in-law, collapsed and was taken to hospital; other tournament matches noted.

For much of New York’s labor force — including police officers, nurses, plow drivers, bartenders and shopkeepers — the blizzard meant anything but a snow day. For much of New York’s labor force — including police officers, nurses, plow drivers, bartenders and shopkeepers — the blizzard meant anything but a snow day. 

The bus carrying the men’s basketball team became stranded on the Pennsylvania Turnpike on Friday night and was not freed for more than 22 hours. The bus carrying the men’s basketball team became stranded on the Pennsylvania Turnpike on Friday night and was not freed for more than 22 hours. Bus carrying Duquesne men’s basketball becomes stranded on Pennsylvania Turnpike during East Coast blizzard, and is not freed for more than 22 hours.

Negotiations to restructure about $9 billion of the debt of Puerto Rico&#8217;s power company collapsed, raising the prospect of the biggest default yet in the island&#8217;s debt crisis. Negotiations to restructure about $9 billion of the debt of Puerto Rico&#8217;s power company collapsed, raising the prospect of the biggest default yet in the island&#8217;s debt crisis. Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority and its creditors fail to negotiate terms to restructure payment for about $9 billion of agency's debt; Prepa is one of largest contributor's to commonwealth's total debt of $72 billion, most of which is in form of municipal bonds; potential default would be largest in Puerto Rico's worsening debt crisis. 

The former House speaker J. Dennis Hastert seeks to delay sentencing in his banking law conviction because of his recent hospitalization for a stroke, as well as for spinal and blood infections. The former House speaker J. Dennis Hastert seeks to delay sentencing in his banking law conviction because of his recent hospitalization for a stroke, as well as for spinal and blood infections. Defense team representing former Republican House Speaker J Dennis Hastert asks for delay in Feb 29 sentencing on conviction for evading banking regulations; cite lingering health complications, including recent stroke, that require period of rehabilitation. 

The cult member, Bruce Davis, was convicted of the 1969 killings of the musician Gary Hinman and the stuntman Donald Shea. The cult member, Bruce Davis, was convicted of the 1969 killings of the musician Gary Hinman and the stuntman Donald Shea. Gov Jerry Brown of California denies former Charles Manson follower Bruce Davis parole for third time; Davis was convicted of 1969 murders of Gary Hinman and Donald Shea, but was not involved in killings of actress Sharon Tate and six others.  

In a short amount of time, Bulldogs Coach Vic Schaefer has taken a Southeastern Conference afterthought and transformed it into a contender for the league title. In a short amount of time, Bulldogs Coach Vic Schaefer has taken a Southeastern Conference afterthought and transformed it into a contender for the league title. 

Buddy Hield powered Oklahoma&#8217;s rise to the top of the rankings, and he very likely will become the third player born in the Bahamas drafted into the N.B.A. Buddy Hield powered Oklahoma&#8217;s rise to the top of the rankings, and he very likely will become the third player born in the Bahamas drafted into the N.B.A. Oklahoma guard Buddy Hield is likely to become third native of Bahamas to be drafted into NBA.

“The Gospel demands that we not only preach but also practice reconciliation." “The Gospel demands that we not only preach but also practice reconciliation." Excerpts from interviews with Rev Dr Ronnie Floyd, president of Southern Baptist Convention and Rev Dr Jerry Young, leader of National Baptist Convention, USA; discussion focuses on racial reconciliation meeting held in Jackson, Miss, at which nation's two major Baptist groups each invited 10 pastors to join in public conversation. 

I had the chance to learn if a prisoner’s remorse was strong enough to overcome his past. I had the chance to learn if a prisoner’s remorse was strong enough to overcome his past. Op-Ed article by federal Judge Stefan R Underhill describes how he has wrestled over years with 2006 decision to sentence man, seemingly truly repentant for heinous crimes he had committed, to 18 years in prison; recounts visiting prisoner in 2012 and finding a man who had truly turned himself around and deserves chance to lead upstanding life outside prison; says fact that inmate will continue, unnecessarily, to be incarcerated at annual cost of $30,000 to taxpayers underscores necessity of sentencing reform in United States.

Voter surveys are contradictory and unreliable, and may well warp election outcomes. But we’re awash in them as never before. Voter surveys are contradictory and unreliable, and may well warp election outcomes. But we’re awash in them as never before. Frank Bruni Op-Ed column laments public and media obsession with 2016 presidential race polls, despite widespread acknowledgment on part of reporters and political operatives that many such polls are unreliable; contends media reliance on polls for content and narratives can skew reality of presidential race.

The often-derided emotion can be a tool against addiction. The often-derided emotion can be a tool against addiction. Op-Ed article by Sally L Satel and Scott O Lilienfeld underscores degree to which emotion of shame can play positive role in helping people recover from addiction or other destructive habits.

The editor of The Los Angeles Review of Books on reading a lot, golden pianos, securing the perimeter and following the unbeaten path. The editor of The Los Angeles Review of Books on reading a lot, golden pianos, securing the perimeter and following the unbeaten path. Download interview with The Los Angeles Review of Books editor in chief Tom Lutz, who offers recommendations for books and other forms of entertainment.

International observers could play a crucial role as the country’s largest guerrilla group lays down its arms. International observers could play a crucial role as the country’s largest guerrilla group lays down its arms. Editorial urges United Nations Security Council to embrace request by Colombian government and Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia to oversee disarmament of guerrilla group.

To pry voters from the frontrunner, attack his brand, not his ideas. To pry voters from the frontrunner, attack his brand, not his ideas. Ross Douthat Op-Ed column offers suggestions for Donald Trump's rivals for best way to stop him from securing Republican nomination; acknowledges that primary may already be over.

Readers discuss the risks and benefits of both settings. Readers discuss the risks and benefits of both settings. 

The thousands trapped on roadways included students returning from an anti-abortion rally in Washington, a college gymnastics team and a men’s basketball team. The thousands trapped on roadways included students returning from an anti-abortion rally in Washington, a college gymnastics team and a men’s basketball team. Snow storm brings traffic to halt on Kentucky's Interstate 75, where weekend storm's intensity caught people by surprise, and forced those stranded to remain in their cars for hours, some overnight, without food or water; Kentucky State Police delivered food and fuel to stranded motorists. 

Accusations of discrimination are hashed out in conference rooms, and silenced with a check. Accusations of discrimination are hashed out in conference rooms, and silenced with a check. Op-Ed article by Maureen Sherry suggests main reason women continue to be paid less than men on Wall Street is due to arbitration clauses they are forced to sign upon receiving employment, binding them to settle any job dispute with employer in-house; calls for ban on mandatory arbitration on Wall Street, and right for any woman claiming discrimination or harassment to get her day in public court rather than a settlement check behind closed doors. 

Mining projects endanger the state’s salmon rivers. Mining projects endanger the state’s salmon rivers. Op-Ed article by Brendan Jones warns that Canada's blooming gold and copper mining industries are threatening $2 billion salmon fishing industry in southeast Alaska; notes  pollution produced by mining operations affects Alaskans, and given it is international issue, is under purview of State Dept; urges Secretary of State John Kerry to stand up for Alaskans.

A record of weak performances at Mile High against the Broncos and a troubled offensive line give New England reason to take pause. A record of weak performances at Mile High against the Broncos and a troubled offensive line give New England reason to take pause. Peter May explores weaknesses of New England Patriots, favorite to win AFC championship game against Denver Broncos.

Defensive backs Robert McClain and Cortland Finnegan, who joined Carolina late in the season, will be trying to stop the Cardinals&#8217; potent passing attack. Defensive backs Robert McClain and Cortland Finnegan, who joined Carolina late in the season, will be trying to stop the Cardinals&#8217; potent passing attack. Success of Carolina Panthers in NFC championship game will depend largely on how team stops Arizona Cardinals' passing game, putting added pressure on cornerbacks Robert McClain and Cortland Finnegan.

A four-decade N.H.L. tradition is falling out of favor as players and coaches emphasize the benefits of rest and recovery before games. A four-decade N.H.L. tradition is falling out of favor as players and coaches emphasize the benefits of rest and recovery before games. Morning skates, four-decade-old NHL tradition of early morning practice on game days, are falling out of favor as teams emphasize pregame rest.

Mr. Stoliar was the only survivor among nearly 800 Jews fleeing Romania’s Holocaust aboard a ship that was barred from Palestine, interned by Turkey, set adrift and torpedoed by a Soviet submarine. Mr. Stoliar was the only survivor among nearly 800 Jews fleeing Romania’s Holocaust aboard a ship that was barred from Palestine, interned by Turkey, set adrift and torpedoed by a Soviet submarine. David Stoliar, sole survivor of greatest civilian maritime disaster of World War II, dies at age 91; steamer Struma, carrying 800 Jews fleeing Holocaust in Romania, was torpedoed by Soviet submarine off coast of Turkey. 

Marjanovic, a 7-foot-3 Spurs center from Serbia, has gained a following, even among opponents’ fans, despite little playing time. Marjanovic, a 7-foot-3 Spurs center from Serbia, has gained a following, even among opponents’ fans, despite little playing time. Profile of San Antonio Spurs center Boban Marjanovic, who is 7 feet 3 inches and was once measured as having 7-8 wingspan and 9-7 standing reach; Marjanovic has large following across world, despite logging little playing time.

The deadly confrontation started with an exchange of text messages, according to a spokesman for the Police Department. The deadly confrontation started with an exchange of text messages, according to a spokesman for the Police Department. 

Yoenis Cespedes is an above-average left fielder with a powerful right-handed bat who does not take enough walks, strikes out a great deal and goes through extreme slumps. Yoenis Cespedes is an above-average left fielder with a powerful right-handed bat who does not take enough walks, strikes out a great deal and goes through extreme slumps. Keeping Score column; New York Mets center fielder Yoenis Cespedes is worth less than $20 million a year; is above-average left fielder with powerful right-handed bat, but does not take enough walks, strikes out frequently and goes through prolonged slumps.

John Shurna&#8217;s beard became the unofficial mascot of Valencia&#8217;s 28-game winning streak. John Shurna&#8217;s beard became the unofficial mascot of Valencia&#8217;s 28-game winning streak. John Shurna, basketball forward for Spanish team Valencia, sports messy, unkempt beard, but despite his nonathletic appearance, is being credited for team's 28-game winning streak. 

Rosewall set the standard for enduring tennis excellence, reaching the final at Wimbledon in 1974, when he was 39 years old. Rosewall set the standard for enduring tennis excellence, reaching the final at Wimbledon in 1974, when he was 39 years old. Career of former professional tennis player Ken Rosewall, oldest male player to reach major final and oldest men's singles champion, profiled; Rosewall, now age 81, stopped playing tennis only about three years ago because of persistent shoulder pain. 

Readers sound off on the latest headlines in Sports. Readers sound off on the latest headlines in Sports. 

A joint arming and training program between the C.I.A. and Saudi Arabia reflects the enduring alliance between the nations even as their relationship and the kingdom’s place in the region are in flux. A joint arming and training program between the C.I.A. and Saudi Arabia reflects the enduring alliance between the nations even as their relationship and the kingdom’s place in the region are in flux. Central Intelligence Agency and Saudi Arabia have, since 2013, colluded on arming Syrian rebels, continuing decades-long relationship stretching back through Iran-contra scandal and backing mujahedeen against Soviets in Afghanistan; Saudi Arabia has provided generous financial backing for Syrian mission, as it has on many other joint projects; alliance persists even as ties that bind nations together loosen and shift (Series: Secrets of the Kingdom).

A weekly comic strip featured in the Sunday Review. A weekly comic strip featured in the Sunday Review. 

As a senior vice president of worldwide sales, Bing Xie surrounds himself with reminders of his family, his culture and his mentors. As a senior vice president of worldwide sales, Bing Xie surrounds himself with reminders of his family, his culture and his mentors. Workspace column features Bing Xie, Texas Instruments senior vice president, who describes how certain work space mementos inspire him. 

Critics say the Securities and Exchange Commission’s oversight of disclosure of the risks of the effects of climate change has waned, costing shareholders millions. Critics say the Securities and Exchange Commission’s oversight of disclosure of the risks of the effects of climate change has waned, costing shareholders millions. David Gelles Revalued column discusses Peabody Energy share plunge, which prompted lawmakers and institutional investors to chide Securities and Exchange Commission for underreacting when firms do not disclose investment risks due to climate change; coal company, whose stock price dropped from $1,000 to $4, privately projected demand would slump but kept info from investors; SEC is now reviewing protocols.

Mr. Williamson, an arborist at Duke Energy Corporation, identifies trees near transmission lines that need to be either trimmed or removed. Mr. Williamson, an arborist at Duke Energy Corporation, identifies trees near transmission lines that need to be either trimmed or removed. Vocations column; Cordy Williamson, Duke Energy Corp senior vegetation manager, discusses his field and career.

A group of men deported on suspicion of involvement with militant networks were charged, though Bangladesh said there was no evidence that they were planning an attack. A group of men deported on suspicion of involvement with militant networks were charged, though Bangladesh said there was no evidence that they were planning an attack. Bangladesh government charges 14 Bangladeshi construction workers who had been  deported from Singapore for suspected links with Islamic militants; deportation is unwelcome development for Bangladesh, where government and families depend heavily on money sent home from hundreds of thousands of contract workers in Malaysia, Singapore and other countries.

This week ‘s subjects include buying vs. renting; getting into Mitchell-Lama housing; and charges for washers and dryer in co-ops. This week ‘s subjects include buying vs. renting; getting into Mitchell-Lama housing; and charges for washers and dryer in co-ops. Real Estate Q&A answers questions form around New York on whether to buy or rent, how to ensure a non-relative inherits a co-op unit and protesting a co-op's surcharge on in-unit washing machines.

Michael R. Bloomberg, the billionaire former mayor of New York City, is once again weighing a third-party bid for the presidency, frustrated by what he sees as a race gone haywire, associates said. Michael R. Bloomberg, the billionaire former mayor of New York City, is once again weighing a third-party bid for the presidency, frustrated by what he sees as a race gone haywire, associates said. Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg is reportedly considering independent third-party run in 2016 presidential election, sensing gap among declared candidates; Bloomberg has considered independent run in past, but never followed through due to low likelihood of winning; alarming rise of Donald Trump and stumbles by Hillary Clinton have caused him to reconsider.

Kinvolved, whose users include a Harlem school, lets teachers take attendance and inform parents by text message if a student is absent or late. Kinvolved, whose users include a Harlem school, lets teachers take attendance and inform parents by text message if a student is absent or late. Natasha Singer Technophoria column on Kinvolved, attendance app for teachers that automatically emails parents when their child is absent or late.

The future of messaging apps may be as a catchall for shopping, booking rides, talking to customer service agents and more. The future of messaging apps may be as a catchall for shopping, booking rides, talking to customer service agents and more. 

In New York, the National Weather Service said 26.8 inches of snow had fallen on Central Park by midnight, making this the city’s second-biggest snowstorm since 1869. In New York, the National Weather Service said 26.8 inches of snow had fallen on Central Park by midnight, making this the city’s second-biggest snowstorm since 1869. Major snowstorm descends on East Coast, dumping over two feet of snow in some areas, halting traffic and bringing several large cities to standstill; New York and at least nine other states declare state of emergency, while New York City issues travel ban.

The actions are born of a sense of hopelessness and impotence in the country, where 98 percent of murders go unsolved and many crimes are not even reported. The actions are born of a sense of hopelessness and impotence in the country, where 98 percent of murders go unsolved and many crimes are not even reported. Lynchings and vigilante justice are on rise in Mexico as country wearies of rampant crime and government corruption and indifference; current mob violence, springing from sense of impotence and sometimes targeting innocent victims, continues and escalates disturbing longtime trend.

The police in Israel said the 13-year-old girl was shot by a civilian guard outside a West Bank settlement after running at him with a knife. The police in Israel said the 13-year-old girl was shot by a civilian guard outside a West Bank settlement after running at him with a knife. Israeli security guard fatally shoots 13-year-old Palestinian girl Ruqayya Eid Abu Eid near West Bank settlement of Anatot.

The authors of “The Color Purple” and “Brooklyn” compare notes on Hollywood, others adapting their work, and how real life has informed their fiction. The authors of “The Color Purple” and “Brooklyn” compare notes on Hollywood, others adapting their work, and how real life has informed their fiction. Philip Galanes Table For Three column on writers Alice Walker and Colm Toibin, who discuss Hollywood, adaptations of their work and how life has informed their fiction over lunch at Chez Panisse restaurant in Berkeley, Calif.

Instead of becoming waiters, as cliché would have it, the creative class are hitting the road as Uber and Lyft drivers when work is scarce. Instead of becoming waiters, as cliché would have it, the creative class are hitting the road as Uber and Lyft drivers when work is scarce. Many young actors and artists in Los Angeles supplement their income by working for ride-sharing services like Uber and Lyft; say hours are more flexible and pay is better than working at restaurant.

Marie Kondo, sparking yet more joy as she tours for her new book on “compassionate organizing.” Marie Kondo, sparking yet more joy as she tours for her new book on “compassionate organizing.” Bestselling author and decluttering celebrity Marie Kondo is in New York promoting her new book Spark Joy, about how to keep things tidy.

Creditors blamed the Puerto Rican utility for the failure late Friday of talks to restructure about $9 billion worth of its debt. Creditors blamed the Puerto Rican utility for the failure late Friday of talks to restructure about $9 billion worth of its debt. 

Dan O’Brien’s play “The Body of an American,” featuring two men talking mostly by email, is an immersion in the nature of isolation and connection. Dan O’Brien’s play “The Body of an American,” featuring two men talking mostly by email, is an immersion in the nature of isolation and connection. David DeWitt reviews Hartford Stage presentation of Dan O'Brien play The Body of an American, directed by Jo Bonney and starring Michael Cumpsty and Michael Crane (Metropolitan/Connecticut). 

In “Lives of Reason,” a play by Robert Rechnitz and Kenneth Stunkel having its world premiere in Red Bank, several academics compete for a deanship . In “Lives of Reason,” a play by Robert Rechnitz and Kenneth Stunkel having its world premiere in Red Bank, several academics compete for a deanship . Michael Sommers reviews Robert Rechnitz and Kenneth Stunkel play Lives of Reason, directed by Jonathan Fox and starring Mairin Lee, at Two River Theater in Red Bank (Metropolitan/New Jersey).

Located in Massapequa Park, this Italian restaurant opened in November and offers entrees like a panko-crusted pork chop and a lightly blackened salmon. Located in Massapequa Park, this Italian restaurant opened in November and offers entrees like a panko-crusted pork chop and a lightly blackened salmon. Joanne Starkey reviews restaurant Bacaro Italian Tavern in Massapequa Park (Metropolitan/Long Island). 

Two boys, 14 and 15, shouted “Isis! Isis!” during the assault last week on a man wearing a traditional South Asian garment, the police said. Two boys, 14 and 15, shouted “Isis! Isis!” during the assault last week on a man wearing a traditional South Asian garment, the police said. 

A maker of Neapolitan-style pies hopes to rise in a tough field with a sourdough starter the chef has been nursing for the past 20 years. A maker of Neapolitan-style pies hopes to rise in a tough field with a sourdough starter the chef has been nursing for the past 20 years. Sarah Gold reviews newly arrived pizzeria Da Legna in New Haven (Metropolitan/Connecticut). 

Yoenis Cespedes, a 30-year-old Cuban-born outfielder, was a key factor in the Mets&#8217; run to the postseason last season. Yoenis Cespedes, a 30-year-old Cuban-born outfielder, was a key factor in the Mets&#8217; run to the postseason last season. New York Mets and outfielder Yoenis Cespedes reportedly agree to three-year, $75 million contract with opt-out clause.

Mr. Reid and his Blowfly alter ego had success on two different fronts: soul and pre-rap music. Mr. Reid and his Blowfly alter ego had success on two different fronts: soul and pre-rap music. Clarence Reid, soul singer, songwriter, and producer who found success performing under pseudonym Blowfly and who penned influential rap song Rapp Dirty, dies at age 76. 

Ms. Weisberg spent decades as a city administrator responsible for organizing public arts projects, earning recognition as a “type of person who seems to know everybody.” Ms. Weisberg spent decades as a city administrator responsible for organizing public arts projects, earning recognition as a “type of person who seems to know everybody.” Lois Weisberg, former Chicago commissioner for cultural affairs who marshaled keen networking skills to develop major public arts projects, dies at age 90.

I love the movies. I don’t love how no one ever seems to look like me. I love the movies. I don’t love how no one ever seems to look like me. Roxane Gay Op-Ed article posits lack of diversity in nominations for Academy Awards is not attributable only to Academy, but to entirety of film industry; questions efficacy of boycott of awards by black actors and directors; suggests for real statement to be made, white actors and directors would have to boycott ceremony as well, and would have to actively work to ensure that more projects involving people of color are being made.

The two directors are the subjects of new collections: Duvivier in an Eclipse set of four films, and Feyder in two Hollywood films starring Ramón Novarro. The two directors are the subjects of new collections: Duvivier in an Eclipse set of four films, and Feyder in two Hollywood films starring Ramón Novarro. J Hoberman reviews video release of collection of films made by French director Julien Duvivier in 1930s. 

The cat family doesn’t change its colors but the fashion world is in a playful mood with one of its most popular patterns: the leopard print. The cat family doesn’t change its colors but the fashion world is in a playful mood with one of its most popular patterns: the leopard print. Bill Cunningham shares photos of women in and around New York City wearing many variations of leopard print coats.

Entrevista con Gillian Anderson y David Duchovny sobre los nuevos episodios de “The X-Files”, que empiezan este domingo. Entrevista con Gillian Anderson y David Duchovny sobre los nuevos episodios de “The X-Files”, que empiezan este domingo. 

High-pressure practices by Diamond and others have prompted lawsuits and led to predictions that regulators will increase oversight of the industry. High-pressure practices by Diamond and others have prompted lawsuits and led to predictions that regulators will increase oversight of the industry. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau may increase oversight over timeshare sales following complaints about Diamond Resorts International, timeshare company whose 2015 revenue was $845 million; complaints include high-pressure sales tactics, broken assurances, sky-high maintenance fees, and misrepresenting timeshare as real estate investment instead of vacation club membership that cannot be terminated.

Daughter and mother talk about their penchant for risk-taking on the eve of a program devoted to their work. Daughter and mother talk about their penchant for risk-taking on the eve of a program devoted to their work. Profiles of mother and daughter actresses Jane Birkin and Charlotte Gainsbourg, whose fearless acting will be highlighted in Film Society of Lincoln Center series Jane and Charlotte Forever.  

The photographer Julie McGuire captured images of the carriage horses of Central Park, finding a sureness of step amid the chaos of the city and the changes coming to their industry. The photographer Julie McGuire captured images of the carriage horses of Central Park, finding a sureness of step amid the chaos of the city and the changes coming to their industry. Photographer Julie McGuire documents New York City carriage-horse industry through eyes of stoic beasts who pull old-style transports; Mayor Bill de Blasio's plans to scale down industry and move horses to Central Park is expected to limit their presence around Manhattan.  

The photographer Julie McGuire captured images of the carriage horses of New York City. A mayoral proposal under consideration could significantly change the industry. The photographer Julie McGuire captured images of the carriage horses of New York City. A mayoral proposal under consideration could significantly change the industry. 

Ms. Rowley unwinds by doing “extreme activities” — working out, go-kart racing, sledding — with her husband and their two daughters. Ms. Rowley unwinds by doing “extreme activities” — working out, go-kart racing, sledding — with her husband and their two daughters. Cynthia Rowley, fashion designer and West Village resident, describes her typical Sunday routine.  

Megan Hilty, a star of the Broadway revival of “Noises Off,” and her husband, Brian Gallagher, live in an Upper West Side rental. Megan Hilty, a star of the Broadway revival of “Noises Off,” and her husband, Brian Gallagher, live in an Upper West Side rental. 

Ms. Hilty, a star of “Noises Off” on Broadway, lives on the Upper West Side with her husband, Brian Gallagher, an actor and musician. Ms. Hilty, a star of “Noises Off” on Broadway, lives on the Upper West Side with her husband, Brian Gallagher, an actor and musician. Bi-coastal Broadway actress Megan Hilty loves her Upper West Side rental apartment with floor-to-ceiling windows, which she shares with her husband and son, and where family's Christmas decorations are displayed year-round. 

The drugstore opened a decade ago in Brooklyn and its reputation for personal service spread quickly. The drugstore opened a decade ago in Brooklyn and its reputation for personal service spread quickly. Neighborhood Joint column on Wyckoff's Corner Pharmacy in Cobble Hill section of Brooklyn; independent dispensary is known for its personal service and homey environment. 

Wyckoff’s Corner Pharmacy feels a world away from the chain pharmacies that have opened in the Brooklyn neighborhood lately. Wyckoff’s Corner Pharmacy feels a world away from the chain pharmacies that have opened in the Brooklyn neighborhood lately. 

As hospitals have closed across the city, condominiums have claimed many of their remains. As hospitals have closed across the city, condominiums have claimed many of their remains. Gramercy Square condominium complex rises on site of shuttered Manhattan's Cabrini Medical Center, latest in recent trend across New York City of redeveloping former hospital facilities into residential properties; project blends architectural styles and offers swimming pool, golf simulator and wine room among its amenities.

A loft-like apartment on the seventh floor of 150 Charles Street in the West Village was the week&#8217;s biggest closed sale. A loft-like apartment on the seventh floor of 150 Charles Street in the West Village was the week&#8217;s biggest closed sale. Big Ticket column; loft-like three-bedroom apartment at 150 Charles Street in Greenwich Village is New York City's highest residential sale of week, closing at $13,172,500.71. 

This week’s properties are in the East Village, Lincoln Square and Park Slope, Brooklyn. This week’s properties are in the East Village, Lincoln Square and Park Slope, Brooklyn. 

This week’s properties are in the East Village, Lincoln Square and Park Slope, Brooklyn. This week’s properties are in the East Village, Lincoln Square and Park Slope, Brooklyn. 

Narrative psychology suggests that popular narratives, particularly human-interest stories, are fundamental drivers of motivation. Narrative psychology suggests that popular narratives, particularly human-interest stories, are fundamental drivers of motivation. The Upshot; Robert J Shiller Economic View column suggests narratives drive investors more than economic truths. 

Dispelling the condescending and sexist contemporary view that Ms. Jacobs’s canonical book on cities was a housewife’s collection of home remedies. Dispelling the condescending and sexist contemporary view that Ms. Jacobs’s canonical book on cities was a housewife’s collection of home remedies. Sam Roberts reviews books Becoming Jane Jacobs by Peter L Laurence, NYPD Green: An Irish-Born Detective's Twenty Years on the Mean Streets of New York by Luke Waters, and Lockdown on Rikers: Shocking Stories of Abuse and Injustice at New York's Notorious Jail by Mary Busker.  

This week’s properties are five-bedroom homes in Greenwich, Conn., and a Hartsdale, N.Y. This week’s properties are five-bedroom homes in Greenwich, Conn., and a Hartsdale, N.Y. 

This week’s properties are five-bedroom homes in Greenwich, Conn., and Hartsdale, N.Y. This week’s properties are five-bedroom homes in Greenwich, Conn., and Hartsdale, N.Y. 

David Pollack, who was born in his father’s cab, he says, and followed his family into the business, hosts a taxi-themed radio show. David Pollack, who was born in his father’s cab, he says, and followed his family into the business, hosts a taxi-themed radio show. Corey Kilgannon Character Study column profiles David Pollack, former New York City cab driver and industry advocate who hosts WOR-AM radio program The Taxi Dave Show. 

Nature in New York City can still stop traffic, even in winter. Adult and juvenile snow geese collect in massive flocks, offering something to marvel at on the road. Nature in New York City can still stop traffic, even in winter. Adult and juvenile snow geese collect in massive flocks, offering something to marvel at on the road. NYC Nature column; snow geese, loud and beautiful birds known for majestic size of their flocks, are show-stopping arrival every winter in New York City. 

Jane Mayer discusses “Dark Money” and Alexandra Alter has news from the publishing world. Jane Mayer discusses “Dark Money” and Alexandra Alter has news from the publishing world. 

Arbor, with an urban farm and part of a sustainable business hub, transcends being just another office building coffee shop. Arbor, with an urban farm and part of a sustainable business hub, transcends being just another office building coffee shop. Ceil Miller Bouchet reviews restaurant Arbor in Chicago. 

With its tranquil garden and sophisticated revival of 18th-century charms, the Clarance is a chic home base for exploring one of France’s most scenic northern towns. With its tranquil garden and sophisticated revival of 18th-century charms, the Clarance is a chic home base for exploring one of France’s most scenic northern towns. Lindsey Tramuta reviews Clarance Hotel in Lille, France. 

The playwright, who was born in 1915 and died in 2005, found inspiration in the borough’s neighborhoods, from Midwood to the Heights, where he lived. The playwright, who was born in 1915 and died in 2005, found inspiration in the borough’s neighborhoods, from Midwood to the Heights, where he lived. Famed playwright Arthur Miller continues to be lauded during centennial year of his birth, with revivals of his work taking center stage in New York theater world; Miller, whose first visit to Brooklyn was in early 1920s, found great inspiration in its diverse neighborhoods; text, photos and maps provide a chronology of his life, from 1928 to 1955, in beloved borough. 

Arthur Miller spent much of his time in Brooklyn moving from one place to the next, with many of his residences within blocks of each other. Arthur Miller spent much of his time in Brooklyn moving from one place to the next, with many of his residences within blocks of each other. 

The pros share their strategies for making your home enticing to buyers. The pros share their strategies for making your home enticing to buyers. List of tips from professional home stagers for homeowners preparing to put homes on market, highlighted.

If major league stars want reclining chairs, wraparound leather couches and big-screen televisions in their vehicles, they know where to go. If major league stars want reclining chairs, wraparound leather couches and big-screen televisions in their vehicles, they know where to go. Auto Firm customizing garage in Doral, Fla, is go-to business for many Major League Baseball players looking to upgrade and personalize their luxury cars; one of Vega’s fastest-selling vehicles is custom Mercedes limousine van that features bar, two reclining chairs, wraparound leather couch, two big-screen televisions and home theater system.

The program includes Ethan and Joel Coen’s “Fargo,” “Raising Arizona” and “No Country for Old Men,” as well as their newest, “Hail, Caesar!” The program includes Ethan and Joel Coen’s “Fargo,” “Raising Arizona” and “No Country for Old Men,” as well as their newest, “Hail, Caesar!” 

Mr. Page is hardly the first Silicon Valley chief with a case of intellectual wanderlust, but to a rare degree he has made his company a reflection of his personal fascinations. Mr. Page is hardly the first Silicon Valley chief with a case of intellectual wanderlust, but to a rare degree he has made his company a reflection of his personal fascinations. Profile of Larry Page, billionaire Google co-founder who is noted for his unassuming air and intellectual curiosity; Page, who reorganized company in 2015 to be more autonomous, is now focused on being visionary for tech future.

Many pet amenities have sprung up in residential buildings throughout New York in a bid to entice renters and buyers devoted to their pets. Many pet amenities have sprung up in residential buildings throughout New York in a bid to entice renters and buyers devoted to their pets. New York City apartment complexes are luring residents by offering spacious, sophisticated pet care facilities; move by luxury and increasingly, affordable residential buildings, coincides with increase in dog ownership, particularly among city's millennials delaying parenthood.

The president of Google for Work says it’s important to create a culture where people can present diverse points of view. The president of Google for Work says it’s important to create a culture where people can present diverse points of view. Adam Bryant Corner Office column features interview with Amit Singh, president of Google for Work, who discusses his career and leadership style.

Murdoch set aside most afternoons for letters, sending thousands through the years to friends, lovers and fans. Murdoch set aside most afternoons for letters, sending thousands through the years to friends, lovers and fans. John Sutherland reviews book Living on Paper: Letters From Iris Murdoch 1934-1995, edited by Avril Horner and Anne Rowe. 

Forty years after a hostage rescue, a detailed account of the challenges, players and planners. Forty years after a hostage rescue, a detailed account of the challenges, players and planners. Alan Furst reviews book Operation Thunderbolt: Flight139 and the Raid on Entebbe Airport, the Most Audacious Hostage Rescue Mission in History by Saul David. 

After one round of treatment, the arachnophobes held the spiders in their bare hands. After one round of treatment, the arachnophobes held the spiders in their bare hands. Richard A Friedman Op-Ed article highlights research suggesting use of drugs that can be used to weaken or erase traumatic memories in effort to help people overcome range of fear and anxiety-based phobias, from social ones to post traumatic stress disorder; assesses relative benefits of drug therapy over exposure therapy, which is primary way phobias are treated; findings are reported in journal Biological Psychiatry. 

Pascal Laugier’s 2008 French-language thriller has been adapted for American audiences, with a few script tweaks. Some fans of the original are not pleased. Pascal Laugier’s 2008 French-language thriller has been adapted for American audiences, with a few script tweaks. Some fans of the original are not pleased. Fans are worried that American remake of Pascal Laugier 2008 French-language horror film Martyrs, considered one of most disturbing movies ever made, will be watered down or sanitized.

America, beware. The bigotry stirred by Enoch Powell’s notorious 1968 speech lasted decades in Britain. America, beware. The bigotry stirred by Enoch Powell’s notorious 1968 speech lasted decades in Britain. Campaign Stops column by Sarfraz Manzoor notes Donald Trump has drawn condemnation not only from many Britons but also from many of their lawmakers, over comments about banning Muslims from United States; likens Trump to British politician Enoch Powell, who railed against immigration in 1960s, giving damaging voice to white working class anxiety; notes Americans can take lesson from fact Powell was eventually defeated, but left long legacy of bitterness and fear.

It’s called “research rapture” — the moment you slip the bonds of the present and follow a detail into the past. It’s called “research rapture” — the moment you slip the bonds of the present and follow a detail into the past. Janice P Nimura Author's Note submits conducting historical research online yields thorough and accurate results but precludes serendipitous discoveries often made when looking through old books and documents.

The ground-breaking political philosopher Russell Kirk worked a fascination on thinking Americans of all leanings.  The ground-breaking political philosopher Russell Kirk worked a fascination on thinking Americans of all leanings. Christopher Caldwell reviews book Russell Kirk: American Conservative by Bradley J Birzer.

Trapped in Spain’s recession, this novel’s protagonist embodies the effects of his country’s corruption. Trapped in Spain’s recession, this novel’s protagonist embodies the effects of his country’s corruption. Mara Faye Lethem reviews book On the Edge by Rafael Chirbes. 

Recently reviewed books of particular interest. Recently reviewed books of particular interest. 

The N.F.L. has turned the event into a weeklong affair, with happenings that appeal to football fans, as well as the non-fans who are tagging along. The N.F.L. has turned the event into a weeklong affair, with happenings that appeal to football fans, as well as the non-fans who are tagging along. Lucky fans headed to 2016 Super Bowl in San Francisco will find exhaustive list of dining and entertainment offerings in Bay Area for entire week leading up to big game, many organized by National Football League itself. 

An anthropologist looks at tourism’s impact, both good and bad, on communities and biodiversity. An anthropologist looks at tourism’s impact, both good and bad, on communities and biodiversity. Travel Q&A offers excerpts of interview with anthropologist Pegi Vail, who studies backpacking subculture, examining its impact from anthropological perspective on both communities and biodiversity; her most recent work includes documentary Gringo Trails, which examines damage backpacker tourism has done to some remote areas around globe. 

Gaming the system for a kilo of rice in India. Gaming the system for a kilo of rice in India. Deepak Singh Lives essay describes helping rickshaw driver in Lucknow, India, to con owner of clothing showroom into giving him kilo of rice.

Correspondence is a vulnerable part of a literary legacy. Correspondence is a vulnerable part of a literary legacy. 

Paperback books of particular interest. Paperback books of particular interest. 

Selected by Natasha Trethewey. Selected by Natasha Trethewey. 

Don’t fall victim to the repellent racket. Cut off their entry points. Don’t fall victim to the repellent racket. Cut off their entry points. Malia Wollan Tip column shares wildlife-removal specialist David Seervel's advice for homeowners hoping to drive squirrels from atttic.

Readers react. Readers react. 

Krusoe’s latest follows the residents of a subterranean apartment building. Krusoe’s latest follows the residents of a subterranean apartment building. Helen Phillips reviews book The Sleep Garden by Jim Krusoe. 

New biographies of Ronald Reagan, Theodora of Byzantium, Groucho Marx and Sharon Tate. New biographies of Ronald Reagan, Theodora of Byzantium, Groucho Marx and Sharon Tate. Noah Millman reviews biographies Ronald Reagan by Jacob Weisberg, Theodora: Actress, Empress, Saint by David Potter, Groucho Marx: The Comedy of Existence by Lee Siegel and Sharon Tate: A Life by Ed Sanders. 

Dog poisonings are only a symptom of a deeper sickness in a place where everything’s supposed to be perfect. Dog poisonings are only a symptom of a deeper sickness in a place where everything’s supposed to be perfect. Patricia T O’Conner reviews book The Dogs of Littlefield by Suzanne Berne. 

A worker is worried about a colleague’s drinking off-site and its effect on performance. In another question, a worker wants to carefully avoid drinking socially. A worker is worried about a colleague’s drinking off-site and its effect on performance. In another question, a worker wants to carefully avoid drinking socially. Rob Walker The Workologist column gives advice on dealing with colleague who drinks excessively, and refusing offers of alcohol at office socials. 

Readers respond to a recent review of “Abba Eban: A Biography” and more. Readers respond to a recent review of “Abba Eban: A Biography” and more. 

Four siblings reunite to decide the fate of the family’s crumbling rectory.   Four siblings reunite to decide the fate of the family’s crumbling rectory. Fernanda Eberstadt reviews book The Past by Tessa Hadley. 

Abandoned next to the West Side Highway, taken in by an animal trainer, a white rat replaced a sick regular in a hit show ... you know the rest. Abandoned next to the West Side Highway, taken in by an animal trainer, a white rat replaced a sick regular in a hit show ... you know the rest. Andy Newman Pet City column describes animal trainer Lydia DesRoche's relationship with pink rat Rose, rescued by DesRoche from median on West Side Highway in Manhattan; Rose will make her Broadway debut in The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time. 

When Sandy Jacobson’s husband and sister died in quick succession, she found support and later romance with her brother-in-law Paul Fischer. When Sandy Jacobson’s husband and sister died in quick succession, she found support and later romance with her brother-in-law Paul Fischer. Vows column on wedding of Sandy Jacobson and Paul Fischer.

Rose, one of a group of white rats abandoned near the West Side Highway, was adopted by an animal trainer and has become an actor in a hit show. Rose, one of a group of white rats abandoned near the West Side Highway, was adopted by an animal trainer and has become an actor in a hit show. 

Sonny and Cher costumes for a 1970s throwback party helped Sandy Jacobson and Paul Fischer move beyond the sadness. Sonny and Cher costumes for a 1970s throwback party helped Sandy Jacobson and Paul Fischer move beyond the sadness. 

The practice of home staging has long elicited strong reactions. But as staging has evolved, more real estate professionals stress its importance. The practice of home staging has long elicited strong reactions. But as staging has evolved, more real estate professionals stress its importance. New York City real estate agents say home staging has become increasingly important aspect of selling homes over last decade; highly competitive market has seen practice evolve beyond simple decluttering and upgrading decor into carefully curated, wholesale makeovers.

As government’s role has grown, power has increasingly shifted from the states to the federal domain. As government’s role has grown, power has increasingly shifted from the states to the federal domain. Beverly Gage reviews book Liberty and Coercion: The Paradox of American Government From the Founding to the Present by Gary Gerstle. 

A novel tracks a young woman’s ranging thoughts and sexual wanderings. A novel tracks a young woman’s ranging thoughts and sexual wanderings. Jonathan Russell Clark reviews book This Should Be Written in the Present Tense by Helle Helle with translation by Martin Aitken. 

Mr. McDonald, a conservative who opposed intrusive government, lionized the founding fathers as uniquely intellectual and wrote over a dozen books. Mr. McDonald, a conservative who opposed intrusive government, lionized the founding fathers as uniquely intellectual and wrote over a dozen books. Forrest McDonald, former University of Alabama professor and conservative scholar who specialized in study of American presidents and the Constitution, dies at age 89.

Information on sales in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. Information on sales in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. 

See how apartments were professionally made over to attract bids. See how apartments were professionally made over to attract bids. 

John Carlin and Mary McGloin are in “Dead Accounts,” a comedy by Theresa Rebeck being presented by the Hampton Theater Company at Quogue Community Hall in the coming weeks. John Carlin and Mary McGloin are in “Dead Accounts,” a comedy by Theresa Rebeck being presented by the Hampton Theater Company at Quogue Community Hall in the coming weeks. 

The funk and soul group Robert Randolph and the Family Band will perform on Jan. 29 at 9 p.m. at the Warehouse, Fairfield Theater Company. The funk and soul group Robert Randolph and the Family Band will perform on Jan. 29 at 9 p.m. at the Warehouse, Fairfield Theater Company. 

Bruce Springsteen’s River Tour 2016 will stop by the Prudential Center on Jan. 31 at 7:30 p.m. Bruce Springsteen’s River Tour 2016 will stop by the Prudential Center on Jan. 31 at 7:30 p.m. 

The Big Takeover, a reggae band, will perform this month at the Bearsville Theater. The Big Takeover, a reggae band, will perform this month at the Bearsville Theater. 

Plus: a right to email privacy; questions regarding a mother’s dementia; and wearing one’s credentials. Plus: a right to email privacy; questions regarding a mother’s dementia; and wearing one’s credentials. Philip Galanes Social Q's on gift giving, email privacy, dementia and professional credentials.

On Sunday, with a trip to Super Bowl 50 at stake, the Patriots will face the Broncos and the Cardinals will face the Panthers. On Sunday, with a trip to Super Bowl 50 at stake, the Patriots will face the Broncos and the Cardinals will face the Panthers. 

Don’t expect her to be exposing herself like a Kardashian anytime soon. But “she’s 21, why not show her legs?” says her stylist, Elizabeth Saltzman. Don’t expect her to be exposing herself like a Kardashian anytime soon. But “she’s 21, why not show her legs?” says her stylist, Elizabeth Saltzman. Irish-American actress Saoirse Ronan, who received best actress nominations for her role in movie Brooklyn, is known for wearing mature silhouettes with whimsical touches on red carpet.

At events, Ms. Ronan displays both mature silhouettes and whimsical touches. At events, Ms. Ronan displays both mature silhouettes and whimsical touches. 

A blow-dry is never just a hairdo here. It’s a rich signifier of status and aspiration. A blow-dry is never just a hairdo here. It’s a rich signifier of status and aspiration. Tahmima Anam Op-Ed article examines proliferation of hair salons in Dhaka, Bangladesh, from standpoint of anthropologist; focuses on how social relationships between salon-goers and salon workers seem to upend class distinctions that are otherwise so powerful outside salon.

How I reached another level of love and respect by allowing myself to be comfortable in a relationship. How I reached another level of love and respect by allowing myself to be comfortable in a relationship. Ephi Stempler Modern Love column describes how, as a gay man, he became platonic life partners with his female best friend.

Ms. Diamond’s play, having its New York premiere, focuses on four racially diverse characters with connections to Harvard. Ms. Diamond’s play, having its New York premiere, focuses on four racially diverse characters with connections to Harvard. 

The album, which reflects on memories and offers advice and confessions, is scheduled to be released in March. The album, which reflects on memories and offers advice and confessions, is scheduled to be released in March. Jon Pareles offers details of album Post Pop Depression, which was recorded in secret by Iggy Pop and Josh Homme of band Queens of the Stone Age. 

The poet-playwright Dan O’Brien has a collaborative bond with the former war photographer Paul Watson, manifested in “The Body of an American.” The poet-playwright Dan O’Brien has a collaborative bond with the former war photographer Paul Watson, manifested in “The Body of an American.” Dan O'Brien play The Body of an American, opening in February at Cherry Lane Theater, is inspired by work of Canadian war reporter and photographer Paul Watson.

The group will release its debut album and set out on tour. “I’m not scared that we won’t have things to write about anymore,” Ms. Zutrau says. The group will release its debut album and set out on tour. “I’m not scared that we won’t have things to write about anymore,” Ms. Zutrau says. Snapshot interview with Kelly Zutrau, songwriter and singer for band Wet, who discusses band's debut album Don't You and group's plans for touring.

The author of “At Night We Walk in Circles” and “City of Clowns” taught Toni Morrison to 10th graders: “Teaching a book, talking about it with young people, is the best way to fall in love with it.” The author of “At Night We Walk in Circles” and “City of Clowns” taught Toni Morrison to 10th graders: “Teaching a book, talking about it with young people, is the best way to fall in love with it.” By the Book interview with author Daniel Alarcon, of books At Night We Walk in Circles and City of Clowns. 

An epic stoner-metal song that is almost religious in its ambition. An epic stoner-metal song that is almost religious in its ambition. David Rees Letter of Recommendation column appreciates song Dopesmoker by stoner heavy metal band Sleep; holds ambitious 63-minute tribute to marijuana rewards repeat listening and delivers almost religious experience.

Free Doritos don’t transform a workplace into a cool pad. Free Doritos don’t transform a workplace into a cool pad. Comedian John Hodgman offers advice on whether it is ethical to conceal free snacks offered by employer to keep them for oneself.

Exploring sunken ships off the coast of New Providence and Bimini with the man who taught Sean Connery how to scuba dive. Exploring sunken ships off the coast of New Providence and Bimini with the man who taught Sean Connery how to scuba dive. Edmund Vallance travel article shares highlights of scuba diving adventure, exploring sunken ships off coast of Bahama Islands and Bimini; trip was booked with Nassau Bahamas Aqua Adventures, whose owner Stuart Cove personally trained actor Sean Connery in preparation for his role in two James Bond classics. 

The joys of project cooking in the winter. The joys of project cooking in the winter. Sam Sifton Eat column shares recipe for cassoulet, traditional French winter stew.

The star of “Better Call Saul” on how growing up with an alcoholic in the family taught him to value honesty. The star of “Better Call Saul” on how growing up with an alcoholic in the family taught him to value honesty. Ana Marie Cox Talk interview with actor and comedian Bob Odenkirk; discusses playing character of Saul Goodman on television shows Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul and importance of honesty in comedy.

How conventions ceased to be the means for choosing presidential candidates. How conventions ceased to be the means for choosing presidential candidates. Ari Berman reviews book Let the People Rule: Theodore Roosevelt and the Birth of the Presidential Primary  by Geoffrey Cowan. 

Nastasya Tsultsumova sought a place to share near her job in Jersey City. Nastasya Tsultsumova sought a place to share near her job in Jersey City. The Hunt column on search by native Russian Nastasya Tsultsumova for apartment share in high-rise building near her office in Jersey City; settles for unit with two roommates in Atlantic in city's Newport area, where her share is $1,050 per month. 

The segregation that was a vestige of slavery caused many to leave New Orleans. But why Los Angeles? The segregation that was a vestige of slavery caused many to leave New Orleans. But why Los Angeles? Farai Chideya travel article shares railroad trip following path of mass migration of black and Creole families, from New Orleans to Los Angeles, by rail from 1930s to 1960; highlights examples of continued influence of Creole culture to be found in LA. 

They gained fame as Mulder and Scully more than 20 years ago. Now, they seem more comfortable than ever in their roles. They gained fame as Mulder and Scully more than 20 years ago. Now, they seem more comfortable than ever in their roles. Actors David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson prepare to reprise their iconic roles as Fox Mulder and Dana Scully in Fox network's much-anticipated six-episode revival of popular 1990s series The X-Files. 

Descriptions of female singers can be narrow, with purity a recurrent concept. But that’s not how the artists see it. Descriptions of female singers can be narrow, with purity a recurrent concept. But that’s not how the artists see it. Corinna da Fonseca-Wollheim reflects that while many critics judge female singers of early music on their purity of tone, singers themselves assess each other's voices very differently. 

After stops at the Brooklyn Academy of Music and in Seattle, the ailing choreographer’s company will focus on intimate works and education. After stops at the Brooklyn Academy of Music and in Seattle, the ailing choreographer’s company will focus on intimate works and education. Trisha Brown Dance Company, in effort to reinvent itself after Trisha Brown stepped down, is remounting choreographer's dance pieces in site-specific locations around the world, including upcoming appearance at Brooklyn Academy of Music.

The Manhattan townhouse where this wildly original artist lived for 50 years will be opening for tours. The Manhattan townhouse where this wildly original artist lived for 50 years will be opening for tours. Artist Louise Bourgeois's West 20th Street townhouse, which has been turned into exhibition gallery, library and archive since her death in 2010, is being maintained in same state of bohemian dilapidation as it was when its owner was alive.  

The recessed, cluttered Chelsea townhouse where this artist lived for decades will soon open for visitors. The recessed, cluttered Chelsea townhouse where this artist lived for decades will soon open for visitors. 

Learning to let go allows a visitor to enjoy a surreal playtime in a saltwater lake in the Pacific archipelago nation. Learning to let go allows a visitor to enjoy a surreal playtime in a saltwater lake in the Pacific archipelago nation. Ian Urbina travel article recounts trip to one of crown jewels of Pacific archipelago nation of Palau, Jellyfish Lake; 12-acre saltwater lake off Rock Islands, Unesco World Heritage site, offers visitors chance to slip into fluorescent-green waters bobbing with millions of jellyfish; lake is considered one of seven aquatic wonders of world.

Bonnie Prince Billy compiles highlights from the Peel Sessions on “Pond Scum”; Myra Melford and Ben Goldberg confirm their bond on “Dialogue.” Bonnie Prince Billy compiles highlights from the Peel Sessions on “Pond Scum”; Myra Melford and Ben Goldberg confirm their bond on “Dialogue.” Nate Chinen reviews latest albums by singer Aoife O'Donovan, jazz pianist Aruan Ortiz and his group Aruan Ortiz Trio, organist Dr Lonnie Smith, singer-songwriter Will Oldham (Bonnie Prince Billy) and jazz duo Myra Melford and Ben Goldberg.

This circuslike exhibition of artworks and performances by an international roster of eight artists is in Long Island City, Queens. This circuslike exhibition of artworks and performances by an international roster of eight artists is in Long Island City, Queens. 

This work, the only major collaboration between the composer Robert Ashley and the choreographer Steve Paxton, merges music, light and dance. This work, the only major collaboration between the composer Robert Ashley and the choreographer Steve Paxton, merges music, light and dance. 

This soprano portrays Mary, Queen of Scots, in the second work in Donizetti’s Tudor trilogy. This soprano portrays Mary, Queen of Scots, in the second work in Donizetti’s Tudor trilogy. 

Quentin Coldwater is propelled into a university entrance exam where an instructor demands that he perform magic. Quentin Coldwater is propelled into a university entrance exam where an instructor demands that he perform magic. 

It's an economic mystery — but it might tell us something important about how C.E.O.s and investors think about the future. It's an economic mystery — but it might tell us something important about how C.E.O.s and investors think about the future. Adam Davidson On Money column examines why American corporations, in unprecedented move, are hoarding cash totaling $1.9 billion; posits executives are holding on to funds in anticipation of some potentially large, but yet undetermined, economic development or emergency. 

The magazine’s ethicist on a sibling’s struggle, favors in the workplace and secrets between friends. The magazine’s ethicist on a sibling’s struggle, favors in the workplace and secrets between friends. Kwame Anthony Appiah The Ethicist column answers questions on whether to help sibling commit suicide and whether employees are obliged to do volunteer work for employer that has been presented as opportunity to get ahead in organization.

How Americans came to perceive carefully composed images of their current and future presidents.  How Americans came to perceive carefully composed images of their current and future presidents. Michael Beschloss reviews book Republic of Spin: An Inside History of the American Presidency by David Greenberg. 

Rove’s account of William McKinley’s 1896 campaign presents him as an exemplary candidate. Rove’s account of William McKinley’s 1896 campaign presents him as an exemplary candidate. Ira Katznelson reviews book The Triumph of William McKinley: Why the Election of 1896 Still Matters by Karl Rove. 

The waterfront enclave of Sunset Park, Brooklyn, home to large numbers of Latino and Asian residents, is relatively affordable by Brooklyn standards. The waterfront enclave of Sunset Park, Brooklyn, home to large numbers of Latino and Asian residents, is relatively affordable by Brooklyn standards. Living In column on Sunset Park, Brooklyn.

The waterfront enclave of Sunset Park, Brooklyn, home to large numbers of Latino and Asian residents, is relatively affordable by Brooklyn standards. The waterfront enclave of Sunset Park, Brooklyn, home to large numbers of Latino and Asian residents, is relatively affordable by Brooklyn standards. 

From Tokyo to Kanazawa in this food-obsessed nation, sampling the culinary wizardry of a new wave of creative chefs. From Tokyo to Kanazawa in this food-obsessed nation, sampling the culinary wizardry of a new wave of creative chefs. Eli Gottlieb travel article shares highlights of journey to Kanazawa, on Japan's northern coast, with former college roommate who shares love of hunting for culinary treasures; Kanazawa is famed for its fish-based cuisine, where new wave of creative chefs is offering fresh thrills. 

Of the 4.5 million people who have fled the Syrian war, only 2,647 have been taken in by the United States. Of the 4.5 million people who have fled the Syrian war, only 2,647 have been taken in by the United States. United States has taken in 2,647 of 4.5 million Syrians driven from their country since uprising began there in 2011, tiny number compared to tens of thousands sheltered by other Western countries; America's deep distrust of refugees and strict requirements for their entrance serves to sharpen humanitarian crisis.

Zoë Heller and Francine Prose discuss the obligations of artists. Zoë Heller and Francine Prose discuss the obligations of artists. Authors Zoe Heller and Francine Prose debate meaning behind William Faulkner's assertion that writer’s only responsibility is to his art. 

Seventeen New York City hotels have pledged to serve the environment by joining the NYC Carbon Challenge. Seventeen New York City hotels have pledged to serve the environment by joining the NYC Carbon Challenge. Seventeen of New York City's most well-known hotels have signed on with NYC Carbon Challenge, program aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions; initial group of properties making pledge, owning some 11,000 guest rooms, will cut emissions in their buildings by 30 percent over next decade; city's buildings, including hotels, account for around 75 percent of emissions in five boroughs. 

Exercise classes, personal training and unlimited sports are part of new packages that emphasize exercise. Exercise classes, personal training and unlimited sports are part of new packages that emphasize exercise. In Transit blog; number of hotels are planning February packages that will help guests kick off New Year fitness goals; offerings range from wellness programs to regular fitness classes for guests and nonguests, and even wellness concierges. 

“Dark Money” argues that the Koch brothers and a small number of allied plutocrats have essentially hijacked American democracy. “Dark Money” argues that the Koch brothers and a small number of allied plutocrats have essentially hijacked American democracy. Alan Ehrenhalt reviews book Dark Money: The Hidden History of the Billionaires Behind the Rise of the Radical Right by Jane Mayer. 

Two new books by very different authors agree that the buffoonery on the right is bad not just for conservatism but for America. Two new books by very different authors agree that the buffoonery on the right is bad not just for conservatism but for America. Adrian Wooldridge reviews books Why the Right Went Wrong: Conservatism - From Goldwater to the Tea Party and Beyond by E J Dionne Jr and Too Dumb to Fail: How the GOP Betrayed the Reagan Revolution to Win Elections (and How It Can Reclaim Its Conservative Roots) by Matt K Lewis. 

Sustainable housing plans have transformed Hammarby Sjostad, a neighborhood in Stockholm. Now, new cultural projects are providing another boost. Sustainable housing plans have transformed Hammarby Sjostad, a neighborhood in Stockholm. Now, new cultural projects are providing another boost. Southern edge of Stockholm features waterfront district, known as Hammarby Sjostad, that has become standard for urban planners focusing on sustainability; formerly home to landfills and factories, eco-conscious neighborhood already offers some 10,000 apartments, with over 30,000 planned for completion by around 2021. 

For the second year in a row, the Academy failed to recognize any minority actors. Our chief film critics and our critic at large on what in the world is going on. For the second year in a row, the Academy failed to recognize any minority actors. Our chief film critics and our critic at large on what in the world is going on. Excerpts from conversation with New York Times critics Manohla Dargis, A O Scott and Wesley Morris, who discuss why this year's Oscar nominations failed to recognize any black actors or filmmakers.

Alan Dean Foster’s movie novelization, new at No. 1, is the first “Force Awakens” tie-in to hit the adult hardcover list. Alan Dean Foster’s movie novelization, new at No. 1, is the first “Force Awakens” tie-in to hit the adult hardcover list. 

A poem about the retrieval of a young woman’s earring from the murky waters of a pond in the Brooklyn Botanic Garden. A poem about the retrieval of a young woman’s earring from the murky waters of a pond in the Brooklyn Botanic Garden. 

The country’s war on the Kurds is destroying culture and heritage, and sabotaging a newly revived pluralism. The country’s war on the Kurds is destroying culture and heritage, and sabotaging a newly revived pluralism. 

An outdoor book club in Brooklyn garners stares and glares in its literal support of the Free the Nipple movement. An outdoor book club in Brooklyn garners stares and glares in its literal support of the Free the Nipple movement. 

A chance encounter with a man trying for a new start in Oakland led to a complex, three-year tale with no easy answers. A chance encounter with a man trying for a new start in Oakland led to a complex, three-year tale with no easy answers. 

 A “super PAC” founded by the former TD Ameritrade executive Joe Ricketts is spending more than $600,000 on a television ad in Iowa lashing Senator Bernie Sanders as “too liberal.” A “super PAC” founded by the former TD Ameritrade executive Joe Ricketts is spending more than $600,000 on a television ad in Iowa lashing Senator Bernie Sanders as “too liberal.”

 Sam Ezersky helps us remember an icon. Sam Ezersky helps us remember an icon.

It’s only with this second episode that it feels like “The X-Files” is actually back. It’s only with this second episode that it feels like “The X-Files” is actually back. 

 Donald J. Trump asked New Hampshire voters Monday to hand him a victory so big, so beautiful, that only one word in the political lexicon could describe it: mandate. Donald J. Trump asked New Hampshire voters Monday to hand him a victory so big, so beautiful, that only one word in the political lexicon could describe it: mandate.

 Saying he does not think Ms. Kelly, the Fox News host who is one of the debate moderators, can treat him fairly, Mr. Trump said he might opt out of the event on Thursday. Saying he does not think Ms. Kelly, the Fox News host who is one of the debate moderators, can treat him fairly, Mr. Trump said he might opt out of the event on Thursday.

 A poll released Monday showed Mr. Sanders and Mr. Trump with commanding leads two weeks before the New Hampshire primary. A poll released Monday showed Mr. Sanders and Mr. Trump with commanding leads two weeks before the New Hampshire primary.

For spring 2016, Donatella Versace celebrated strength and femininity with ergonomic lines, sporty hues and cutout silhouettes. For spring 2016, Donatella Versace celebrated strength and femininity with ergonomic lines, sporty hues and cutout silhouettes. 

Inventively layered knits, undone hair — and even ankle bracelets — appeared on the spring/summer 2016 haute couture runway today in Paris. Inventively layered knits, undone hair — and even ankle bracelets — appeared on the spring/summer 2016 haute couture runway today in Paris. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

As the fall/winter 2016 men’s shows wrap up in Europe, a look back at a surprising trend: the inclusion of women’s wear. As the fall/winter 2016 men’s shows wrap up in Europe, a look back at a surprising trend: the inclusion of women’s wear. 

 At an event in Iowa, Mrs. Clinton elaborated on her views on Christianity and the Bible, a subject she rarely talks about when campaigning. At an event in Iowa, Mrs. Clinton elaborated on her views on Christianity and the Bible, a subject she rarely talks about when campaigning.

 Six days before the Iowa caucuses, Mr. Bush plans to campaign in Elko, Nev., to show Nevadans that his campaign is taking their state seriously. Six days before the Iowa caucuses, Mr. Bush plans to campaign in Elko, Nev., to show Nevadans that his campaign is taking their state seriously.

Suk Chai of the brand Schai studied clothes she inherited from her brothers and sister before launching her own line. Suk Chai of the brand Schai studied clothes she inherited from her brothers and sister before launching her own line. 

The military-inspired line is also an homage to her team. The military-inspired line is also an homage to her team. 

 The Sanders campaign has mailed Iowa voters literature that outlines his record on gun control, suggesting how much he is on the defensive on the issue with the caucuses only a week away. The Sanders campaign has mailed Iowa voters literature that outlines his record on gun control, suggesting how much he is on the defensive on the issue with the caucuses only a week away.

 The New York mayor said he did not believe Americans would turn to billionaires like his predecessor, Michael R. Bloomberg, or Donald J, Trump “to solve problems created by billionaires.” The New York mayor said he did not believe Americans would turn to billionaires like his predecessor, Michael R. Bloomberg, or Donald J, Trump “to solve problems created by billionaires.”

Sundance fashion doesn’t have to be Canada Goose puffers, hats and bulky boots. Here are celebrities who are stepping out stylishly in the Utah weather. Sundance fashion doesn’t have to be Canada Goose puffers, hats and bulky boots. Here are celebrities who are stepping out stylishly in the Utah weather. 

 Ms. Ernst, Iowa’s freshman Republican senator, has promised not endorse anyone in the presidential race, but that didn’t stop her from appearing with Mr. Rubio, her “good friend.” Ms. Ernst, Iowa’s freshman Republican senator, has promised not endorse anyone in the presidential race, but that didn’t stop her from appearing with Mr. Rubio, her “good friend.”

 Photos from the United States, France, Israel and London. Photos from the United States, France, Israel and London.

Photos from New York, France and England Photos from New York, France and England 

 Mr. Cruz said his sudden antagonism toward Mr. Trump was in response to the real estate developer insulting him every day. Mr. Cruz said his sudden antagonism toward Mr. Trump was in response to the real estate developer insulting him every day.

 Mrs. Clinton shifted from attacking Mr. Sanders to a stump speech delivered in December that criticizes Republicans and praises the Vermont senator as her “esteemed” rival. Mrs. Clinton shifted from attacking Mr. Sanders to a stump speech delivered in December that criticizes Republicans and praises the Vermont senator as her “esteemed” rival.

 Do elected officials need to compromise more? Your answer might depend on your party affiliation. Do elected officials need to compromise more? Your answer might depend on your party affiliation.

The radiant faces of its campaign stars and A-list Hollywood actresses were missing from the front row. The radiant faces of its campaign stars and A-list Hollywood actresses were missing from the front row. 

The brand launches its first full-fledged collection, for women and men, tomorrow. The brand launches its first full-fledged collection, for women and men, tomorrow. J Crew Group launches its first full-fledged sunglasses collection.

A new hotel brand, Tru by Hilton, will attempt to be the first design-forward hotel chain in the midscale category where rooms start at $80. A new hotel brand, Tru by Hilton, will attempt to be the first design-forward hotel chain in the midscale category where rooms start at $80. 

 Panic! At the Disco achieves the relatively rare feat these days of topping the Billboard chart with a rock album. Panic! At the Disco achieves the relatively rare feat these days of topping the Billboard chart with a rock album.

Drone and aerial footage show a peaceful, snow-covered Northeast after a winter storm coated parts of Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey and several other states. Drone and aerial footage show a peaceful, snow-covered Northeast after a winter storm coated parts of Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey and several other states. 

Giambattista Valli’s couture show. Giambattista Valli’s couture show. 

In experiments with zoo animals, relative brain size was the best clue to problem solving ability in carnivores. In experiments with zoo animals, relative brain size was the best clue to problem solving ability in carnivores. 

Test your knowledge of “X-Files” monsters-of-the-week in this interactive quiz. Test your knowledge of “X-Files” monsters-of-the-week in this interactive quiz. 

A photo diary of the fall/winter 2016 collections, which were presented yesterday in Paris. A photo diary of the fall/winter 2016 collections, which were presented yesterday in Paris. 

 Bernie Sanders asked people at a campaign event in Iowa to describe relying on Social Security checks, paying for increasingly expensive medicine, and what it’s like to live on minimum-wage work. Bernie Sanders asked people at a campaign event in Iowa to describe relying on Social Security checks, paying for increasingly expensive medicine, and what it’s like to live on minimum-wage work.

Fashion flashback! To celebrate haute couture week in Paris, T visited the New York Times photo archives and unearthed historical gems of couture designers at work (and play). Fashion flashback! To celebrate haute couture week in Paris, T visited the New York Times photo archives and unearthed historical gems of couture designers at work (and play). 

 Campaigning in New Hampshire, Gov. John Kasich of Ohio brought up his years at Lehman Brothers, and laughed off the attacks on his connection with the failed financial firm. Campaigning in New Hampshire, Gov. John Kasich of Ohio brought up his years at Lehman Brothers, and laughed off the attacks on his connection with the failed financial firm.

A new book by the filmmaker and performer Wu Tsang explores — and challenges — the ways in which people communicate. A new book by the filmmaker and performer Wu Tsang explores — and challenges — the ways in which people communicate. 

 Woody Guthrie, in writings uncovered by a scholar working on a book, railed against Donald J. Trump’s father, Fred, or “Old Man Trump,” who was his landlord. Woody Guthrie, in writings uncovered by a scholar working on a book, railed against Donald J. Trump’s father, Fred, or “Old Man Trump,” who was his landlord.

 Is the future what it used to be? Is the future what it used to be?

 Christine Macel, the chief curator of the Pompidou Center, will be the visual arts director of the 2017 Venice Biennale. Christine Macel, the chief curator of the Pompidou Center, will be the visual arts director of the 2017 Venice Biennale.

Mr. Perrero, like many Americans who have lost their jobs, said he was long reluctant to speak out publicly against his former employer. Mr. Perrero, like many Americans who have lost their jobs, said he was long reluctant to speak out publicly against his former employer. 

 Marco Rubio has a carefully curated campaign playlist, one tailored to the conservative voters he is trying to reach in states like Iowa, that includes some modern Christian rock — a list somewhat different from his personal musical tastes. Marco Rubio has a carefully curated campaign playlist, one tailored to the conservative voters he is trying to reach in states like Iowa, that includes some modern Christian rock — a list somewhat different from his personal musical tastes.

 A lawsuit was filed Jan. 15 in a Swiss regional court over the work, once owned by Anna Jaffé, a childless British expatriate whose belongings were seized a year after she died and auctioned off in July 1943 in Nice, France. A lawsuit was filed Jan. 15 in a Swiss regional court over the work, once owned by Anna Jaffé, a childless British expatriate whose belongings were seized a year after she died and auctioned off in July 1943 in Nice, France.

 A report from the nonpartisan New American Leaders Project, which is focused on getting more Asian-American and Latinos elected to state and local offices, found that the fast-growing groups are facing obstacles as they seek to achieve greater representation. A report from the nonpartisan New American Leaders Project, which is focused on getting more Asian-American and Latinos elected to state and local offices, found that the fast-growing groups are facing obstacles as they seek to achieve greater representation.

Only Rand Paul and Ben Carson have responded to questions submitted by The New York Times about their understanding of the scope and limits of executive power. Only Rand Paul and Ben Carson have responded to questions submitted by The New York Times about their understanding of the scope and limits of executive power. 

 Can you unravel this mathematical challenge — a tournament teaser by the physicist Marco Moriconi? Can you unravel this mathematical challenge — a tournament teaser by the physicist Marco Moriconi?

Dionne Searcey continues to chronicle her adventures in Senegal, where she moved her family and works as The Times’s West Africa bureau chief. Dionne Searcey continues to chronicle her adventures in Senegal, where she moved her family and works as The Times’s West Africa bureau chief. 

Tonight, make Sam Sifton’s version of this slow-cooker pot roast that went viral on the internet. Later this week, chocolate pudding and more. Tonight, make Sam Sifton’s version of this slow-cooker pot roast that went viral on the internet. Later this week, chocolate pudding and more. 

In this short documentary, a talented teenager in the Mojave Desert is torn between her goal of attending art school and wanting to help support her family. In this short documentary, a talented teenager in the Mojave Desert is torn between her goal of attending art school and wanting to help support her family. 

 A “super PAC” for Senator Ted Cruz, Keep the Promise I, has two attack ads out against Donald J. Trump, using his own words against him to paint him as a liberal and as someone who has warmly praised the senator from Texas. A “super PAC” for Senator Ted Cruz, Keep the Promise I, has two attack ads out against Donald J. Trump, using his own words against him to paint him as a liberal and as someone who has warmly praised the senator from Texas.

In this short documentary, a talented teenager in the Mojave Desert is torn between ​​​her goal of attending art school and wanting to help support her family. In this short documentary, a talented teenager in the Mojave Desert is torn between ​​​her goal of attending art school and wanting to help support her family. 

 Readers called for change in the Republican Party, in response to a recent column by David Brooks. Readers called for change in the Republican Party, in response to a recent column by David Brooks.

Cancellations at airports serving New York City, and Washington, D.C., are decreasing for the first time since the blizzard began. Cancellations at airports serving New York City, and Washington, D.C., are decreasing for the first time since the blizzard began. 

 Former Gov. Rick Perry’s endorsement comes two days after another high-profile announcement of support for Senator Ted Cruz, by the radio host Glenn Beck. Mr. Perry trumpeted Mr. Cruz’s “willingness to take on the Washington cartel.” Former Gov. Rick Perry’s endorsement comes two days after another high-profile announcement of support for Senator Ted Cruz, by the radio host Glenn Beck. Mr. Perry trumpeted Mr. Cruz’s “willingness to take on the Washington cartel.”

What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including a guide to deals from Kayak and an app from Foursquare for sharing tips. What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including a guide to deals from Kayak and an app from Foursquare for sharing tips. 

Dior presents looks for couture 2016. Dior presents looks for couture 2016. 

The Team will partner with the National Theater of Scotland for a new show at the festival in August. The Team will partner with the National Theater of Scotland for a new show at the festival in August. Brooklyn theater company The Team will perform play Anything That Gives Off Light in its first full production at Edinburgh International Festival.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Rome admits heavy loss at Tobruk in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Rome admits heavy loss at Tobruk in 1941.

 Not going to happen in the GOP. Not going to happen in the GOP.

 Funny bankers. Funny bankers.

 Obama endorses the Clinton theory. Obama endorses the Clinton theory.

 We’re trying something new — a simple, topical weekly list that links to Times articles past and present — for teaching and learning, or just for fun. We’re trying something new — a simple, topical weekly list that links to Times articles past and present — for teaching and learning, or just for fun.

 State Representative Justin T. Bamberg of South Carolina — the lawyer for the family of Walter L. Scott, who was fatally shot by a police officer last year — plans to withdraw his support from Hillary Clinton and endorse Bernie Sanders instead. State Representative Justin T. Bamberg of South Carolina — the lawyer for the family of Walter L. Scott, who was fatally shot by a police officer last year — plans to withdraw his support from Hillary Clinton and endorse Bernie Sanders instead.

 In an era of rising transparency and concerns about corporate ethics, companies eager to please millennials appear to be shifting business models and messages. In an era of rising transparency and concerns about corporate ethics, companies eager to please millennials appear to be shifting business models and messages.

 Strap in, it’ll be a busy week of technology news. Strap in, it’ll be a busy week of technology news.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: New trouble on the Red Lake reservation in 1891. From the International Herald Tribune archives: New trouble on the Red Lake reservation in 1891.

Couture looks from Schiaparelli. Couture looks from Schiaparelli. 

For the caucuses, local reporters know to ask about the prices of corn and beans — when they get the interview. For the caucuses, local reporters know to ask about the prices of corn and beans — when they get the interview. 

For the first time in the European tournament’s 20-year history, the playoffs will include only English and French clubs. For the first time in the European tournament’s 20-year history, the playoffs will include only English and French clubs. 

 It is the final seven days before the Iowa caucuses, and more than a dozen candidates from both parties will be crisscrossing the state — beginning with a town-hall-style forum featuring the Democratic hopefuls on Monday night. It is the final seven days before the Iowa caucuses, and more than a dozen candidates from both parties will be crisscrossing the state — beginning with a town-hall-style forum featuring the Democratic hopefuls on Monday night.

As sales of recorded music have cratered, musicians’ incomes, and their labels’ fortunes, have become dependent on the precarious business of live performance. As sales of recorded music have cratered, musicians’ incomes, and their labels’ fortunes, have become dependent on the precarious business of live performance. 

 A camp for those who are blind or losing their vision offers surprises and a powerful sense of connection and healing. A camp for those who are blind or losing their vision offers surprises and a powerful sense of connection and healing.

Monday: After the storm, snowy news, and a measurement controversy. Monday: After the storm, snowy news, and a measurement controversy. 

 Puerto Rico Debt Talks Collapse and Resume | Twitter Overhauls Its Top Ranks | The Struggle to Quell Emerging-Market Fears Puerto Rico Debt Talks Collapse and Resume | Twitter Overhauls Its Top Ranks | The Struggle to Quell Emerging-Market Fears

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 In a week that was already going to be shortened by a House Democrat retreat, House Republican leaders said they would resume business on Feb. 1, citing the difficulty of traveling into a snowbound city. The Senate prepared to convene this week, but it will do so a day later than expected. In a week that was already going to be shortened by a House Democrat retreat, House Republican leaders said they would resume business on Feb. 1, citing the difficulty of traveling into a snowbound city. The Senate prepared to convene this week, but it will do so a day later than expected.

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 The rewards of knitting and crocheting go well beyond reducing stress and anxiety. The rewards of knitting and crocheting go well beyond reducing stress and anxiety.

 On Mondays, we publish a Times photo without a caption, headline or other information about its origins. Join the conversation by commenting on what you see and why. A live discussion is offered that day from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Eastern. On Mondays, we publish a Times photo without a caption, headline or other information about its origins. Join the conversation by commenting on what you see and why. A live discussion is offered that day from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Eastern.

 This post encourages English Language Learners to check out New York Times visual storytelling while also learning new words. This post encourages English Language Learners to check out New York Times visual storytelling while also learning new words.

 Should Hollywood films better represent the diversity of their audiences? Should Hollywood films better represent the diversity of their audiences?

 Where did the most snow fall during this past weekend’s storm? Where did the most snow fall during this past weekend’s storm?

 My students often have trouble understanding what my true role is. No wonder. My students often have trouble understanding what my true role is. No wonder.

Although Bernie Sanders has electability issues, the Clinton campaign has made mistakes that give him a better chance at the nomination. Although Bernie Sanders has electability issues, the Clinton campaign has made mistakes that give him a better chance at the nomination. Charles M Blow Op-Ed column examines series of campaign mistakes by Hillary Clinton as Democratic town hall approaches before Iowa caucuses; observes she has gone too far in her attacks on Bernie Sanders, whose poll numbers are surging, while missing opportunity to calmly point out quixotic nature of his policy goals; calls on Clinton to find positive, original message, rather than positioning herself as incrementalist successor to Pres Barrack Obama. 

Shouldn’t Sheldon Silver and Dean Skelos have to give up their perks after being convicted of corruption? Shouldn’t Sheldon Silver and Dean Skelos have to give up their perks after being convicted of corruption? Op-Ed article by New York State Assemblyman David Buchwald calls for amendment to New York State Constitution that would mandate public officials forfeit their pensions following conviction of a crime; warns under current law, former Assembly speaker Sheldon Silver and former Senate majority leader Dean Skelos will both receive their pensions despite felony corruption convictions.   

Lawmakers are starting to acknowledge that addiction is a problem that knows no racial barriers. Lawmakers are starting to acknowledge that addiction is a problem that knows no racial barriers. Editorial endorses Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, bill pending in both houses that would shore up drug treatment across country, reform prescription practices and begin pushing back against national drug epidemic; welcomes Congressional support for more rational, less punitive drug policies, noting change has been spurred by heroin and painkiller crisis that is increasingly claiming American lives. 

In presidential elections, opposites attract. In presidential elections, opposites attract. Op-Ed article by David Axelrod admits he was wrong when he predicted short life for Donald Trump's presidential campaign; recalls strategy he developed as lead adviser during Barack Obama's 2008 presidential run, which emphasized differentiating him from incumbent and promoting change; argues Trump has followed his strategy to the letter, capitalizing on widespread frustration with Obama himself. 

Once in power, the new government must free the Rohingya Muslim minority and end years of abuse. Once in power, the new government must free the Rohingya Muslim minority and end years of abuse. Editorial calls on Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, whose party has won majority in Myanmar, to move swiftly to establish protections for nation's Rohingya Muslim minority; notes Aung San Suu Kyi has so far remained quiet about group, which faces discrimination, poverty, incarceration in concentration camps and potential genocide. 

A new bill could make many “quality of life” violations civil, not criminal, offenses, helping to ease the overpolicing in communities of color. A new bill could make many “quality of life” violations civil, not criminal, offenses, helping to ease the overpolicing in communities of color. Editorial welcomes package of bills that would allow New York City police to issue civil, rather than criminal, summonses for minor offenses like public urination, littering and drinking in public; argues that if properly enforced, bill will reduce excessive punishments and conserve police resources; notes it will be essential for officers to avoid heavy-handedness in communities of color. 

Ideology and the neglect of public health. Ideology and the neglect of public health. Paul Krugman Op-Ed column argues that water pollution crisis in Flint, Mich, represents dangerous resurgence of dysfunctional conservative policies at state level; condemns blind ideological antipathy to spending that has endangered infrastructure, social programs and public health in several states across country. 

Readers and advocates discuss the effectiveness of the policy. Readers and advocates discuss the effectiveness of the policy. Letter from Idaho Rep Walt Minnick responds to Jan 19 editorial that criticized American opposition to carbon pricing. 

Two officials of Americans for Prosperity, countering a Sunday Review essay, say recent free-market reforms have put the state “back on track.” Two officials of Americans for Prosperity, countering a Sunday Review essay, say recent free-market reforms have put the state “back on track.” 

Readers react to an Op-Ed article that called spin a “big part of what gets us interested and engaged” in politics. Readers react to an Op-Ed article that called spin a “big part of what gets us interested and engaged” in politics. 

The Union of Concerned Scientists and the Stimson Center discuss a pressing world issue. The Union of Concerned Scientists and the Stimson Center discuss a pressing world issue. 

FoodCorps, a national service group, describes how student tastes can be changed in favor of healthy food. FoodCorps, a national service group, describes how student tastes can be changed in favor of healthy food. 

 Should the former first lady, now Democratic presidential candidate, get credit or blame for her partnership with her husband? Should the former first lady, now Democratic presidential candidate, get credit or blame for her partnership with her husband?

 Gregory Crewdson’s photographs almost always project solitude and intimacy, even if his images take a team to organize. The subject of one of his images looks back at the experience. Gregory Crewdson’s photographs almost always project solitude and intimacy, even if his images take a team to organize. The subject of one of his images looks back at the experience.

Corrections appearing in print on Monday, January 25, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Monday, January 25, 2016. 

Quotation of the Day for Monday, January 25, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Monday, January 25, 2016. 

The former N.F.L. player Jabar Gaffney is facing drug charges after a traffic stop in Jacksonville, Fla. The former N.F.L. player Jabar Gaffney is facing drug charges after a traffic stop in Jacksonville, Fla. Former NFL player Jabar Gaffney is arrested on drug charges during traffic stop in Florida.

The Paris-Roubaix winner John Degenkolb had surgery to repair a deep cut on his leg after he and five other Giant-Alpecin teammates were struck by a car while training in Spain. The Paris-Roubaix winner John Degenkolb had surgery to repair a deep cut on his leg after he and five other Giant-Alpecin teammates were struck by a car while training in Spain. Cyclist John Degenkolb undergoes surgery after he and five teammates are struck by car while training in Spain.

Nick Lindahl, a former professional tennis player and coach, pleaded guilty in an Australian court to a charge related to match-fixing related to a game in a minor tournament in 2013. Nick Lindahl, a former professional tennis player and coach, pleaded guilty in an Australian court to a charge related to match-fixing related to a game in a minor tournament in 2013. Former professional tennis player and coach Nick Lindahl pleads guilty in Australia to match-fixing charge related to 2013 tournament.

Rickie Fowler, who held a two-stroke lead in the Abu Dhabi Championship in the United Arab Emirates after a third-round 65, shot a three-under-par 69 for 16-under 272 over all to take the title. Rickie Fowler, who held a two-stroke lead in the Abu Dhabi Championship in the United Arab Emirates after a third-round 65, shot a three-under-par 69 for 16-under 272 over all to take the title. Rickie Fowler wins Abu Dhabi Championship golf event in United Arab Emirates; other golf news noted.

The American Lindsey Vonn won a World Cup super-G Sunday for her 11th career victory in Cortina d’Ampezzo, Italy, breaking the resort record of the retired Austrian standout Renate Götschl. The American Lindsey Vonn won a World Cup super-G Sunday for her 11th career victory in Cortina d’Ampezzo, Italy, breaking the resort record of the retired Austrian standout Renate Götschl. Lindsey Vonn wins World Cup super-G event in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy, for record-breaking 37th career victory; other winter sports news noted. 

Azarenka, the 14th seed, cruised past Strycova, the versatile Czech veteran who has now lost to Azarenka in Melbourne for three straight years. Azarenka, the 14th seed, cruised past Strycova, the versatile Czech veteran who has now lost to Azarenka in Melbourne for three straight years. Victoria Azarenka defeats Barbora Strycova in fourth round of Australian Open tennis tournament.

The snowstorm that delivered near-record snowfall in New York City brought severe flooding to parts of New Jersey. The snowstorm that delivered near-record snowfall in New York City brought severe flooding to parts of New Jersey. 

 This word has appeared in 15 New York Times articles in the past year. This word has appeared in 15 New York Times articles in the past year.

In the first of four meetings this season, the Western Conference powers Golden State and San Antonio will collide Monday night in Oakland, Calif. In the first of four meetings this season, the Western Conference powers Golden State and San Antonio will collide Monday night in Oakland, Calif. 

Adult enchantment abounds in “The Magicians.” Rachel Bloom steps into her Spanx on “Crazy Ex-Girlfriend.” And Nat Geo remembers the Challenger. Adult enchantment abounds in “The Magicians.” Rachel Bloom steps into her Spanx on “Crazy Ex-Girlfriend.” And Nat Geo remembers the Challenger. 

Here is what to expect on Monday morning in New York and New Jersey after a near-record snowstorm blanketed the region. Here is what to expect on Monday morning in New York and New Jersey after a near-record snowstorm blanketed the region. 

The sci-fi supervillain, played by William B. Davis, was last seen in the 2002 series finale of “The X-Files.” Now, with Fox’s new mini-series, a conversation with the actor. The sci-fi supervillain, played by William B. Davis, was last seen in the 2002 series finale of “The X-Files.” Now, with Fox’s new mini-series, a conversation with the actor. Q&A with actor William B Davis, who has returned as villainous Smoking Man in Fox network's X-Files mini-series.

The Nets ended the Oklahoma City Thunder’s seven-game winning streak with a 116-106 home win. The Nets ended the Oklahoma City Thunder’s seven-game winning streak with a 116-106 home win. NBA Roundup; Brooklyn Nets defeat Oklahoma City Thunder, 116-106; other basketball scores noted.

The owner and founder, Norman Kornbleuth, who has supplied expertise and equipment since 1976, said he was unable to sell the business. The owner and founder, Norman Kornbleuth, who has supplied expertise and equipment since 1976, said he was unable to sell the business. Norman Kornbleuth announces that his popular Greenwich Village kitchen store Broadway Panhandler will close after 40 years in business; cites his wife's health issues and fact that efforts to sell store did not work out.

The police said Carmen Torres-Gonzalez of the Mott Haven section was fatally slashed by a resident in the same apartment building, who was taken into custody. The police said Carmen Torres-Gonzalez of the Mott Haven section was fatally slashed by a resident in the same apartment building, who was taken into custody. New York City police report fatal attack on Carmen Torres-Gonzalez in Mott Haven section of Bronx by man using machete; suspect, whose name has not been released, is in custody. 

President Obama has an affinity for cutting-edge personal technology, but security concerns mean his devices must have certain features disabled. President Obama has an affinity for cutting-edge personal technology, but security concerns mean his devices must have certain features disabled. White House Letter; avid technology enthusiast Pres Obama faces limitations on his use of cutting edge high-tech gadgets; White House technology experts and Secret Service agents must curtail his use of certain devices to ensure all presidential communications are properly safeguarded for national security and his personal protection. 

Officials said a recovery would take days as travel remained treacherous and some spots recorded up to 40 inches of snow. Officials said a recovery would take days as travel remained treacherous and some spots recorded up to 40 inches of snow. States in mid-Atlantic region begin grueling process of clearing snow that had accumulated to record-breaking heights during weekend snow storm. 

The error could be another blow to the practice of linking teacher performance to student exams, a system that has come under fire in recent years. The error could be another blow to the practice of linking teacher performance to student exams, a system that has come under fire in recent years. New York State Education Dept documents reveal that over 200 teachers and principals in state received faulty growth scores, which tie their performances to how well their students do on state exams; revelation may be yet another blow to effort to link educator performance with student performance on exams, which has been contentious policy.

Carolina will return to the Super Bowl for the second time in the franchise’s history after routing Arizona in the N.F.C. championship game. Carolina will return to the Super Bowl for the second time in the franchise’s history after routing Arizona in the N.F.C. championship game. Carolina Panthers defeat Arizona Cardinals, 49-15, in NFC Championship game.

As hundreds of volunteers fanned out across the state to knock on doors, the Democratic candidates campaigned in vote-rich counties in eastern Iowa. As hundreds of volunteers fanned out across the state to knock on doors, the Democratic candidates campaigned in vote-rich counties in eastern Iowa. Democratic 2016 presidential candidates Bernie Sanders and Hillary Rodham Clinton mount aggressive campaigns in final week before Iowa caucuses in attempts to capture female vote; both candidates use tactics undermining policies and reforms espoused by the other. 

The Mustangs had been the last remaining undefeated Division I team. The Mustangs had been the last remaining undefeated Division I team. College Basketball Roundup;Temple men's basketball team defeats Southern Methodist, 89-80; other men's and women's scores noted.

As Mr. Bush wins over voters who were unimpressed before they saw him in person, their shift suggests a possible path to revival for his faltering campaign. As Mr. Bush wins over voters who were unimpressed before they saw him in person, their shift suggests a possible path to revival for his faltering campaign. Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush impresses residents of New Hampshire during live campaign events in which he exhibits confidence and firm understanding of issues that has not come through television appearances; although such events generate voter support, figures confirming uptick have been slow to show up in polls. 

The Senators ended a two-game skid Sunday with a 3-0 victory over the Rangers in Ottawa. The Senators ended a two-game skid Sunday with a 3-0 victory over the Rangers in Ottawa. NHL Roundup; Ottawa Senators defeat New York Rangers, 3-0; other hockey scores noted.

Chelsea remained unbeaten in the Premier League under Guus Hiddink a month into his tenure as interim manager, sending Arsenal to its first home loss since opening day. Chelsea remained unbeaten in the Premier League under Guus Hiddink a month into his tenure as interim manager, sending Arsenal to its first home loss since opening day. Soccer Roundup; Chelsea defeats Arsenal, 1-0, to remain unbeaten in Premier League; other soccer matches and news noted.

Mr. Wanzer, a guard, led the Rochester Royals to the 1951 N.B.A. championship, the only league title of that much-traveled team, whose modern-day successor are the Sacramento Kings. Mr. Wanzer, a guard, led the Rochester Royals to the 1951 N.B.A. championship, the only league title of that much-traveled team, whose modern-day successor are the Sacramento Kings. Bobby Wanzer, Hall of Fame basketball player for nine seasons with the Rochester Royals, dies at age 94. 

A string of key endorsements, including from the state’s largest newspaper, has the Florida senator’s campaign optimistic for a strong third-place finish. A string of key endorsements, including from the state’s largest newspaper, has the Florida senator’s campaign optimistic for a strong third-place finish. Sen Marco Rubio, in final days before Iowa caucuses, has been campaigning in earnest within state, earning important endorsements from popular newspaper The Des Moines Register and Sen Joni Ernst. 

Bradley, a former coach of the U.S. national soccer team, is teaching a new group of players on France’s north coast in the hopes that it will lead him to one of the top European leagues. Bradley, a former coach of the U.S. national soccer team, is teaching a new group of players on France’s north coast in the hopes that it will lead him to one of the top European leagues. Profile of Bob Bradley, American coach of second-tier French soccer team Havre A C; Bradley has coached national teams for United States and Egypt and hopes to prove himself worthy of job in top European division.

Donald Trump, who has said he really wants to win Iowa, is laser-focused on it as the caucuses draw near, even sleeping in a Holiday Inn Express and showing up for church services. Donald Trump, who has said he really wants to win Iowa, is laser-focused on it as the caucuses draw near, even sleeping in a Holiday Inn Express and showing up for church services. Donald Trump attends Presbyterian church service in eastern Iowa, latest indication that he has shifted to campaigning in more populist style as state's primary approaches; Trump has increasingly been deploying tactics and strategies used by more conventional campaigns, contrary to high-drama, media-focused behavior during outset, which led many to wonder how serious he was about securing nomination.

On Sunday, old Peyton Manning was the Peyton Manning of old. His joints didn’t creak and his passes weren’t all weak. He led the Broncos over the Patriots in a game to remember. On Sunday, old Peyton Manning was the Peyton Manning of old. His joints didn’t creak and his passes weren’t all weak. He led the Broncos over the Patriots in a game to remember. Juliet Macur Sports of The Times column holds Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning, who is set to become oldest quarterback ever to start in Super Bowl, played well in team's AFC championship victory over New England Patriots, despite his age. 

All game, the Broncos showed Tom Brady and the Patriots why they led the league in fewest total yards allowed and fewest passing yards allowed. All game, the Broncos showed Tom Brady and the Patriots why they led the league in fewest total yards allowed and fewest passing yards allowed. Denver Broncos defense, with virtually unstoppable pass rush, is key to team's win over New England Patriots in AFC championship game.

The third attack on a Jew in Marseille since October — this time by a radicalized teenager who tried to decapitate a teacher — has evoked old fears in France. The third attack on a Jew in Marseille since October — this time by a radicalized teenager who tried to decapitate a teacher — has evoked old fears in France. Jewish school teacher Benjamin Amsellem uses volume of Torah to fend off machete attack by young male in Marseilles, France; authorities say teen wanted to kill a Jew, citing allegiance to Islamic State, and was self-radicalized through jihadist websites; attack deepens worries by Jews that Islamic terrorists are instigating anti-Semitic acts.

The woman and her baby were in the car, whose tailpipe was blocked by snow, as her husband worked to shovel it out in Passaic, N.J. Her daughter, 3, was also in the car and was in critical condition. The woman and her baby were in the car, whose tailpipe was blocked by snow, as her husband worked to shovel it out in Passaic, N.J. Her daughter, 3, was also in the car and was in critical condition. Woman and 1-year-old son die in Passaic, NJ, of carbon monoxide poisoning while sitting inside parked car with engine running while women's husband shoveled car out after snow storm; poisoning, which also left 3-year-old daughter in critical condition, is due to fact that car's exhaust pipe was buried in snow.  

With many Democrats torn between pragmatism and liberalism, the question of whether the party’s left wing can become a true force again in presidential politics will soon have its first test, in Iowa. With many Democrats torn between pragmatism and liberalism, the question of whether the party’s left wing can become a true force again in presidential politics will soon have its first test, in Iowa. Democratic presidential primary race between Hillary Clinton and Sen Bernie Sanders has intensified into contest between two drastically different visions of role of government; Sanders hopes his brand of liberalism will galvanize voters on far left in party, whereas Clinton seeks to harness power of mainstream Democrats by presenting herself as continuity candidate.

Halep, who was eliminated from the Australian Open last week, said that she will be out of action until at least March for nose surgery. Halep, who was eliminated from the Australian Open last week, said that she will be out of action until at least March for nose surgery. 

One day earlier, officials had bowed to widespread civil unrest and postponed a single-candidate presidential runoff election that was to be held on Sunday. One day earlier, officials had bowed to widespread civil unrest and postponed a single-candidate presidential runoff election that was to be held on Sunday. Supporters of Haitian Pres Michel Martelly take to streets in Port-au-Prince in counterprotests to keep him in office, day after political activists called for his ouster in wake of successful bid to postpone presidential runoff vote amid widespread civil unrest.

Avocados From Mexico and at least two other advertisers, Skittles and Wix.com, have decided to return to the Super Bowl, indicating that live television remains important for advertisers. Avocados From Mexico and at least two other advertisers, Skittles and Wix.com, have decided to return to the Super Bowl, indicating that live television remains important for advertisers. Several companies are preparing Super Bowl commercials for just the second time; often-overlooked group, who rank between first-timers and veterans like Budweiser and Pepsi, risk losing the success of initial campaigns if their new ads flop; Avocados From Mexico is among hopefuls.

Traders and portfolio managers worry that sophisticated institutional investors, who generally tend to take a longer-term view, have been the ones driving the selling over the last six months. Traders and portfolio managers worry that sophisticated institutional investors, who generally tend to take a longer-term view, have been the ones driving the selling over the last six months. Investors are fleeing emerging markets over fears of Chinese currency turbulence and global slowdown, shaking big asset management companies that emphasized third world investments for their higher returns; record $105 billion was withdrawn from global mutual funds in 2015, with United States-based asset managers accounting for 26 percent.

The new president, Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa, won 52 percent of the votes, with 98 percent counted. The new president, Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa, won 52 percent of the votes, with 98 percent counted. Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa is elected president of Portugal, winning about 52 percent of votes; center-right leader is expected to counterbalance Socialist government of Prime Min Antonio Costa. 

In Norwalk, Conn., a historic property is at the center of a dispute between a developer and preservationists led by the grandnephew of Lucille Lortel, the actress who founded the theater. In Norwalk, Conn., a historic property is at the center of a dispute between a developer and preservationists led by the grandnephew of Lucille Lortel, the actress who founded the theater. Waldo Mayo, grandnephew of late actress and theater producer Lucille Lortel, along with  local preservationists in Norwalk, Conn, have been fighting to save White Barn Theater on Lortel's sprawling estate; Lucille Lortel Foundation sold property where theater stands, and Mayo and preservationists are challenging foundation's right to sell.

The countries’ strategic pact gives China a western gateway to Middle East markets, and has saved Iran from international isolation and economic ruin. The countries’ strategic pact gives China a western gateway to Middle East markets, and has saved Iran from international isolation and economic ruin. China and Iran agree to $600 billion trade pact; Chinese, who depend on Iran for oil, view country as part of Pres Xi Jinping's Silk Road expansion plan; have maintained economic foothold in Iran, working around sanctions that kept other world powers from investing there until nuclear treaty was signed and embargo was lifted. 

In its own modest way, a band created during a time of Aboriginal oppression is helping to heal deep racial wounds in Australia. In its own modest way, a band created during a time of Aboriginal oppression is helping to heal deep racial wounds in Australia. Yarrabah Journal; members of Aboriginal community in Yarrabah, Australia, take great pride in Yarrabah Brass Band, which was founded in 1901 and revived by Greg Fourmile and youth counselor Paul Neal in 2012;  pair turned to band as way of inspiring hope in community that suffers poverty and discrimination, seeing it as start of transformation. 

One reason for China’s engagement is that a stable Afghanistan could become a critical transportation hub and market for Chinese goods. One reason for China’s engagement is that a stable Afghanistan could become a critical transportation hub and market for Chinese goods. Afghan foreign minister Salahuddin Rabbani meets with Chinese officials in Beijing to discuss peace talks between Taliban and Afghan government; visit suggests Chinese, who share border with Afghanistan, are concerned about America's withdrawal from volatile region and growth of Islamic extremism.

Soaring home prices have created a housing crisis in ski country, one that has people piling into apartments, living out of trailers and sleeping in shifts. Soaring home prices have created a housing crisis in ski country, one that has people piling into apartments, living out of trailers and sleeping in shifts. Residents of many ski towns in Colorado struggle to secure affordable housing as real estate and rental prices soar; housing experts and local officials attribute increase to growing economic inequality that is sharply felt in such small resort towns, bordered by land that cannot be developed, yet offering significant numbers of jobs, particularly for seasonal workers. 

Robert Krah, who is to be released from prison this week, was caught rooting around in the poor boxes of a church and a synagogue in Queens. Robert Krah, who is to be released from prison this week, was caught rooting around in the poor boxes of a church and a synagogue in Queens. Michael Wilson Crime Scene column recounts tale of arrest of Robert Krah, homeless man in Queens, for petty larceny after he was observed on security camera recordings repeatedly stealing money from a synagogue's poor box using a coat hanger; Krah had been arrested for same crime, using same tool, at a nearby church in 2014. 

Charles H. Ramsey, a former deputy superintendent of the Chicago Police Department who recently retired as Philadelphia&#8217;s police commissioner, will help guide Chicago in civil rights reforms. Charles H. Ramsey, a former deputy superintendent of the Chicago Police Department who recently retired as Philadelphia&#8217;s police commissioner, will help guide Chicago in civil rights reforms. Chicago officials announce return of Charles H Ramsey, former deputy superintendent of Chicago Police Dept, as senior adviser whose duties will include helping police force in implementation of civil rights reforms. 

Tom Porton, who has taught at a Bronx high school for 45 years, says he does not like where modern education is headed. Tom Porton, who has taught at a Bronx high school for 45 years, says he does not like where modern education is headed. Side Street column examines resignation of English teacher Tom Porton from James Monroe High School in Bronx; Porton has won awards for his efforts to teach teenagers about HIV prevention, but his resignation followed clash with school's principal, Brendan Lyons, who objected to Porton handing out HIV and AIDS educational fliers.

Denver advanced to its second Super Bowl in three seasons, sacking Brady four times and holding off New England in the A.F.C. championship game. Denver advanced to its second Super Bowl in three seasons, sacking Brady four times and holding off New England in the A.F.C. championship game. Denver Broncos defeat New England Patriots, 20-18, in AFC Championship game.

The deal, which might be announced as soon as Monday, could be for as much as $20 billion, a person briefed on the discussions said. The deal, which might be announced as soon as Monday, could be for as much as $20 billion, a person briefed on the discussions said. Tyco International is in final talks with Johnson Controls concerning merger valued at up to $20 billion.

Statements during jury selection for the trial of Officer Peter Liang, who shot an unarmed man in a housing project, point to the public debate after several high-profile killings by the police. Statements during jury selection for the trial of Officer Peter Liang, who shot an unarmed man in a housing project, point to the public debate after several high-profile killings by the police. Opening statements in manslaughter trial of New York City Police Officer Peter Liang will begin in State Supreme Court in Brooklyn; Lian is charged in 2014 fatal shooting of Akai Gurley, unarmed black man, in stairwell of Brooklyn housing project; trial will likely hinge on whether jurors in case believe unusual criminal charge against police officer is warranted, verdict potentially impacted by string of high-profile deaths of unarmed black men involving police officers.

The American Psychological Association has been asked to revisit its “blanket prohibition” on the involvement of psychologists in national security interrogations. The American Psychological Association has been asked to revisit its “blanket prohibition” on the involvement of psychologists in national security interrogations. Defense Dept requests that American Psychological Assn revisit blanket prohibition on presence of psychologists in national security interrogations; 2015 ban followed release of report revealing influential psychologists had helped cover up harsh interrogation program used by Central Intelligence Agency at Guantanamo Bay prison; Pentagon officials express support for ethics guidelines in use of psychologists but say blanket prohibition is counterproductive in meeting national security needs. 

The storm caused the company to cancel Saturday’s performance, an unfortunate interruption of momentum built in the first week of its winter season. The storm caused the company to cancel Saturday’s performance, an unfortunate interruption of momentum built in the first week of its winter season. Brian Seibert reviews New York City Ballet performance of George Balanchine's Liebeslieder Walzer and other works at David H Koch Theater. 

This new series, starring Tom Ellis, features the fallen angel as a nightclub owner in Los Angeles. This new series, starring Tom Ellis, features the fallen angel as a nightclub owner in Los Angeles. Neil Genzlinger reviews Fox television series Lucifer, starring Tom Ellis. 

The “Now That’s What I Call Music!” series has released its first modern rock album, a counterintuitive choice that may nonetheless mesh with the audience for the series. The “Now That’s What I Call Music!” series has released its first modern rock album, a counterintuitive choice that may nonetheless mesh with the audience for the series. Sony and Universal, which have for years produced series of pop compilation CDs Now That's What I Call Music!, diverge from regular format with release of album Now That's What I Call Rock!; move comes at time when CD sales, as well as cultural prominence of contemporary rock, are declining.

Jo Marchant, who holds a Ph.D. in genetics and microbiology, crisscrossed the globe to study the latest in mind-body research. Jo Marchant, who holds a Ph.D. in genetics and microbiology, crisscrossed the globe to study the latest in mind-body research. Jennifer Senior reviews book Cure: A Journey Into the Science of Mind Over Body by Jo Marchant. 

As the price keeps rising for the Joint Strike Fighter, the world’s costliest weapon, the program has raised questions of whether it will ever be ready, or effective. As the price keeps rising for the Joint Strike Fighter, the world’s costliest weapon, the program has raised questions of whether it will ever be ready, or effective. 

The gallery and its director are accused in a $25 million lawsuit of knowingly selling a fake painting that was one of many fraudulently commissioned by a Long Island dealer. The gallery and its director are accused in a $25 million lawsuit of knowingly selling a fake painting that was one of many fraudulently commissioned by a Long Island dealer. Trial is set to open in forgery suit filed by family of Sotheby’s chairman Domenico De Sole against defunct art gallery Knoedler & Company; testimony from probable witnesses, including De Sole, former gallery director Ann Freedman and former art dealer Glafira Rosales, could offer glimpse into hidden workings of art market.

The theater-themed fan convention drew nearly 6,000 people for the three-day event at the New York Hilton Midtown, despite a massive snowstorm that shut down Broadway. The theater-themed fan convention drew nearly 6,000 people for the three-day event at the New York Hilton Midtown, despite a massive snowstorm that shut down Broadway. BroadwayCon draws nearly 6,000 musical theater fans to New York Hilton Midtown despite massive snowstorm that paralyzed transportation and caused some celebrities to cancel.

Eight Egyptian officials are to face a disciplinary tribunal for their role in a botched repair job that caused lasting damage to the famed burial mask. Eight Egyptian officials are to face a disciplinary tribunal for their role in a botched repair job that caused lasting damage to the famed burial mask. Egypt’s administrative prosecution authority accuses eight officials from state-run Egyptian Museum of gross negligence after burial mask of King Tutankhamen was broken by museum workers and its repair was botched.

This series is set on a supernatural college campus where the Beast is a threat. This series is set on a supernatural college campus where the Beast is a threat. Mike Hale reviews Syfy network series The Magicians starring Jason Ralph. 

Voters gave Tsai Ing-wen and her Democratic Progressive Party, which is skeptical of a closer relationship with China, control of Taiwan’s legislature for the first time. Voters gave Tsai Ing-wen and her Democratic Progressive Party, which is skeptical of a closer relationship with China, control of Taiwan’s legislature for the first time. 

A patriarch in a folk-singing dynasty, who is now 69, offered songs of rue, aging and sarcasm, many — but not all of which — he wrote himself across decades. A patriarch in a folk-singing dynasty, who is now 69, offered songs of rue, aging and sarcasm, many — but not all of which — he wrote himself across decades. Stephen Holden reviews concert by folk singer Loudon Wainwright III at Appel Room, part of Lincoln Center's American Songbook series. 

Apple, Microsoft and Amazon will announce their quarterly reports, the Fed will gather for the first time this year, and American and European negotiators have until Sunday to reach an agreement. Apple, Microsoft and Amazon will announce their quarterly reports, the Fed will gather for the first time this year, and American and European negotiators have until Sunday to reach an agreement. 

The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week. The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week. 

Palmer, who was pegged for stardom early on but endured some trying seasons, threw four interceptions in his first conference title game as the Cardinals were routed by the Panthers. Palmer, who was pegged for stardom early on but endured some trying seasons, threw four interceptions in his first conference title game as the Cardinals were routed by the Panthers. William C Rhoden Sports of The Times column asserts Arizona Cardinals quarterback Carson Palmer played memorable season, despite 49-15 loss to Carolina Panthers in playoffs.

This play, an adaptation of Margery Williams‘s 1922 book, features the bond between a boy and a stuffed toy he receives for Christmas. This play, an adaptation of Margery Williams‘s 1922 book, features the bond between a boy and a stuffed toy he receives for Christmas. Alexis Soloski reviews play Velveteen Rabbit, Unicorn Theater stage adaption of Margery Williams children's book, directed by Purni Morell at New Victory Theater.

David McVicar stages Leoncavallo and Mascagni’s operas in the same Sicilian village square, two world wars apart at the Metropolitan Opera. David McVicar stages Leoncavallo and Mascagni’s operas in the same Sicilian village square, two world wars apart at the Metropolitan Opera. Corinna da Fonseca-Wollheim reviews Metropolitan Opera's double bill of Pagliacci and Cavalleria Rusticana, directed by David McVicar. 

Years after a similar effort failed, lawmakers are confronting an issue that remains a wide divide between Italy and most of the rest of the West. Years after a similar effort failed, lawmakers are confronting an issue that remains a wide divide between Italy and most of the rest of the West. Italian Senate is expected to begin voting on legislation to legalize civil unions for gays and lesbians; country remains outlier in Western world with respect to same-sex marriage or civil unions, in large part because of continuing influence of Roman Catholic Church; while passage of legislation initially seemed certain, doubts have been raised, as issue could split governing coalition.

The video appears aimed at making it clear that the assailants &#8212; nearly all of whom had European passports &#8212; had been carrying out atrocities in the group&#8217;s name long before their return into Europe. The video appears aimed at making it clear that the assailants &#8212; nearly all of whom had European passports &#8212; had been carrying out atrocities in the group&#8217;s name long before their return into Europe. Islamic State releases video depicting suspects of November 2015 Paris attacks carrying out executions in Syria and Iraq; if confirmed, video would substantiate idea that perpetrators were core members of terrorist group; video threatens attack on Britain. 

The social networking company will undergo a major overhaul of its top ranks in the next few weeks, from its eight-member board to key executives in engineering and product. The social networking company will undergo a major overhaul of its top ranks in the next few weeks, from its eight-member board to key executives in engineering and product. Twitter chief executive Jack Dorsey says social networking firm is overhauling its top levels, ranging from eight-member board to key executives in engineering and product.

Whether or not negotiators reach a pact by Feb. 1 on how companies like Google and Facebook use Europeans’ online data, Isabelle Falque-Pierrotin is in a position to propel privacy protection efforts. Whether or not negotiators reach a pact by Feb. 1 on how companies like Google and Facebook use Europeans’ online data, Isabelle Falque-Pierrotin is in a position to propel privacy protection efforts. Isabelle Falque-Pierrotin, France's top privacy regulator, is at center of attempts to monitor how digital data is transferred out of European Union; her efforts mark latest standoff between Europe and American tech firms; Falque-Pierrotin's role could grow even further if American and European negotiators fail to achieve new data-transferring agreement by Feb 1. 

Officials said the men, who are thought to be dangerous, cut through steel bars and rappelled from the roof of the Orange County Central Men’s Jail in Santa Ana. Officials said the men, who are thought to be dangerous, cut through steel bars and rappelled from the roof of the Orange County Central Men’s Jail in Santa Ana. Southern California authorities search for inmates Hossein Nayeri, Jonathan Tieu and Bac Duong after their escape from maximum-security Orange County Central Men’s Jail; inmates are described as very dangerous and reward of up to $50,000 is being offered for any information on their whereabouts. 

On a stormy weekend in the East, the Oscar nominations leader with a very snow landscape drew audiences. On a stormy weekend in the East, the Oscar nominations leader with a very snow landscape drew audiences. 

Some attendees, especially distributors, are wondering if the film festival has fallen too deep into the art house rabbit hole. Some attendees, especially distributors, are wondering if the film festival has fallen too deep into the art house rabbit hole. 

Demographic trends and the outcome of the 2012 presidential election don’t bode well for a Republican approach highlighting hostility to immigration. Demographic trends and the outcome of the 2012 presidential election don’t bode well for a Republican approach highlighting hostility to immigration. 

On Sunday, with a trip to Super Bowl 50 at stake, the Cardinals will face the Panthers. On Sunday, with a trip to Super Bowl 50 at stake, the Cardinals will face the Panthers. Preview of NFC championship game preview between Arizona Cardinals and Carolina Panthers highlighted.

On Sunday, with a trip to Super Bowl 50 at stake, the defenses could be the key to victory. On Sunday, with a trip to Super Bowl 50 at stake, the defenses could be the key to victory. Preview of AFC championship game, between New England Patriots and the Denver Broncos highlighted.

Approaching addiction as a disease, the Gloucester Police Department became the unusual law enforcement agency offering heroin users an alternative to prison. Approaching addiction as a disease, the Gloucester Police Department became the unusual law enforcement agency offering heroin users an alternative to prison. Profile of Gloucester, Mass, Police Chief Leonard Campanello, who has established innovative program in which heroin addicts who turn themselves in to police are guided toward immediate treatment with no fear of criminal charges; 391 addicts have taken part in program since Campanello began offering it in spring of 2015, and police departments across nation have begun offering similar programs, indication of frustration nationwide with heroin addiction epidemic. 

Law enforcement agencies and organizations in several states are offering addicts referrals to treatment programs, either in lieu of arrest, as in Gloucester, Mass., or through direct outreach. Law enforcement agencies and organizations in several states are offering addicts referrals to treatment programs, either in lieu of arrest, as in Gloucester, Mass., or through direct outreach. 

They had the toughest ticket in town, but the snow foiled their plans. Some will get refunds, but what they really want is tickets for another show. They had the toughest ticket in town, but the snow foiled their plans. Some will get refunds, but what they really want is tickets for another show. Ticket holders for Broadway musical Hamilton are disappointed and frustrated after Saturday performances are cancelled due to blizzard; some will be refunded for expensive and hard-to-get tickets, but no exchanges are offered, as performances are booked solid for months. 

New York City emerged from the weekend’s blizzard with relatively little damage, but the toll along the East Coast was more sobering: 29 deaths, thousands of homes without power and serious flooding. New York City emerged from the weekend’s blizzard with relatively little damage, but the toll along the East Coast was more sobering: 29 deaths, thousands of homes without power and serious flooding. New York City appears to have weathered one of largest blizzards ever recorded as both Gov Andrew M Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio announce most mass transportation services have returned to normal operations for Monday morning commute; 29 people die across Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern states due to storm, and some areas report severe flooding and thousands of homes without power.

With iPhone sales projected to decelerate, investors will be scouring Apple’s earnings report on Tuesday for signs of how fast the company’s downshift is happening. With iPhone sales projected to decelerate, investors will be scouring Apple’s earnings report on Tuesday for signs of how fast the company’s downshift is happening. Investors are starting to look at Apple as 'value' stock rather than growth stock, which often have far lower valuations; company's record of 50 or 60 percent annual growth may be fading; investors will closely peruse new earnings report.

While other teams racked up goals in the Premier League with play after stellar play, Manchester United fans got to see a 1-0 loss at home. While other teams racked up goals in the Premier League with play after stellar play, Manchester United fans got to see a 1-0 loss at home. 

The last time Sharapova beat Williams, Barack Obama had just been elected a senator and Lindsay Davenport – now a mother of four — was No. 1. The last time Sharapova beat Williams, Barack Obama had just been elected a senator and Lindsay Davenport – now a mother of four — was No. 1. Christopher Clarey On Tennis column holds Maria Sharapova faces tough challenge in upcoming Australian Open quarterfinals match against Serena Williams, who has beaten her 17 consecutive times.

New commercials aim to show how the former YMCA benefits communities by offering more than a gym and swimming pool, and to raise charitable funds. New commercials aim to show how the former YMCA benefits communities by offering more than a gym and swimming pool, and to raise charitable funds. Advertising column; YMCA initiates its first national ad campaign, which will attempt to change public's perception of nonprofit organization and raise funds; wants to expand its appeal beyond that of gym.  

Art Agency, Partners will help bolster expertise on private sales and advising for the 271-year-old auction house. Art Agency, Partners will help bolster expertise on private sales and advising for the 271-year-old auction house. 

El presidente actual, Michel Martelly, debe renunciar y dar paso a una transición que pueda aprobar reformas que permitan elecciones libres. El presidente actual, Michel Martelly, debe renunciar y dar paso a una transición que pueda aprobar reformas que permitan elecciones libres. 

Pantsula, a dance that is more like a way of life, captivated Chris Saunders, who set out to document a subculture with roots in jazz and hip-hop. Pantsula, a dance that is more like a way of life, captivated Chris Saunders, who set out to document a subculture with roots in jazz and hip-hop. 

En muchos casos puede que las muestras de incompetencia sean un grito de ayuda de un joven realmente abrumado o sumamente estresado. En muchos casos puede que las muestras de incompetencia sean un grito de ayuda de un joven realmente abrumado o sumamente estresado. 

 Mr. Weil, Twitter’s former senior vice president for product, will become head of product for Instagram, one of Twitter’s biggest competitors. Mr. Weil, Twitter’s former senior vice president for product, will become head of product for Instagram, one of Twitter’s biggest competitors.

 Adam G. Perl spins a new puzzle theme. Adam G. Perl spins a new puzzle theme.

 Jumping on the news that Donald Trump was sitting out Thursday night’s debate, Senator Ted Cruz playfully challenged Mr. Trump to a two-man showdown. Jumping on the news that Donald Trump was sitting out Thursday night’s debate, Senator Ted Cruz playfully challenged Mr. Trump to a two-man showdown.

 The president, who has spoken highly of Hillary Clinton recently, will meet with Senator Bernie Sanders, whom he does not have much of a relationship with. The president, who has spoken highly of Hillary Clinton recently, will meet with Senator Bernie Sanders, whom he does not have much of a relationship with.

 The candidate excoriated a reporter who was trying to ask him about his previous pro-abortion rights stance at a raucous news conference before a campaign event. The candidate excoriated a reporter who was trying to ask him about his previous pro-abortion rights stance at a raucous news conference before a campaign event.

 His campaign manager said Mr. Sanders did not want to participate in an unsanctioned debate Feb. 4 in New Hampshire because he could risk being denied participation in future debates. His campaign manager said Mr. Sanders did not want to participate in an unsanctioned debate Feb. 4 in New Hampshire because he could risk being denied participation in future debates.

 Broadway’s box-office grosses dropped by a bruising 39 percent last week, the result of a blizzard that prompted the cancellation of all Saturday matinee and evening performances. Broadway’s box-office grosses dropped by a bruising 39 percent last week, the result of a blizzard that prompted the cancellation of all Saturday matinee and evening performances.

Pantsula, a dance that is more like a way of life, captivated Chris Saunders, who set out to document a subculture with roots in jazz and hip-hop. Pantsula, a dance that is more like a way of life, captivated Chris Saunders, who set out to document a subculture with roots in jazz and hip-hop. 

 Moments after Fox News announced the lineup for Thursday’s Republican debate, Donald J. Trump said Tuesday it is pretty “irrevocable” that he will skip the event, which takes place just days before the Iowa caucuses. Moments after Fox News announced the lineup for Thursday’s Republican debate, Donald J. Trump said Tuesday it is pretty “irrevocable” that he will skip the event, which takes place just days before the Iowa caucuses.

Que El Salvador haya aconsejado dejar de tener niños durante dos años es algo que le ha parecido especialmente radical a muchos expertos. Que El Salvador haya aconsejado dejar de tener niños durante dos años es algo que le ha parecido especialmente radical a muchos expertos. 

 Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Damon Darlin, Kate Phillips and others. Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Damon Darlin, Kate Phillips and others.

 While not actually saying she would name Mr. Obama to the Supreme Court, Mrs. Clinton didn’t dismiss the idea either, saying “I love that.” While not actually saying she would name Mr. Obama to the Supreme Court, Mrs. Clinton didn’t dismiss the idea either, saying “I love that.”

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

For his spring/summer 2016 haute couture presentation, the designer took inspiration from the gardens of Paris. For his spring/summer 2016 haute couture presentation, the designer took inspiration from the gardens of Paris. 

 Senator Bernie Sanders reiterated his commitment to not personally attack Hillary Clinton but said that he would continue to point out her ties to big commercial banks. Senator Bernie Sanders reiterated his commitment to not personally attack Hillary Clinton but said that he would continue to point out her ties to big commercial banks.

Cédric and Nicolas Hervet opened Hervet Manufacturier on Thursday, and the musician Thomas Bangalter documented the process. Cédric and Nicolas Hervet opened Hervet Manufacturier on Thursday, and the musician Thomas Bangalter documented the process. Cousins Cedric and Nicolas Hervet design collection of furniture and smaller items, with futuristic feel, for Hervet Manufacturier.

Roy Shvartzapel’s holiday breads were so good that his discerning devotees wouldn’t change a thing. But now he has a Valentine’s Day version. Roy Shvartzapel’s holiday breads were so good that his discerning devotees wouldn’t change a thing. But now he has a Valentine’s Day version. Pastry chef Roy Shvartzapel, owner of virtual luxury bakery From Roy, unveils panettone for Valentine's Day.

The ruins of the modernist St. Peter’s Seminary in Scotland will open for atmospheric tours as part of an architecture tour in March. The ruins of the modernist St. Peter’s Seminary in Scotland will open for atmospheric tours as part of an architecture tour in March. 

 Photos from Israel, Indonesia, Paris and South Africa. Photos from Israel, Indonesia, Paris and South Africa.

An investigative video shows that female correctional officers around the country face many threats in the workplace, including at the hands of their co-workers. An investigative video shows that female correctional officers around the country face many threats in the workplace, including at the hands of their co-workers. 

Israel and More — Pictures of the Day Israel and More — Pictures of the Day 

Answers to questions about depression screening and maternal mental illness, following new recommendations saying that women should be screened for depression during pregnancy and after childbirth. Answers to questions about depression screening and maternal mental illness, following new recommendations saying that women should be screened for depression during pregnancy and after childbirth. 

The makeup director Peter Philips put a few models in bright lipsticks — a nod to Christian Dior’s “coup de Trafalgar.” The makeup director Peter Philips put a few models in bright lipsticks — a nod to Christian Dior’s “coup de Trafalgar.” 

 Gov. Chris Christie apologized Tuesday for having labeled a New Jersey mayor as “crazy” after the mayor suggested the flooding from last weekend’s blizzard had been worse than during Hurricane Sandy. Gov. Chris Christie apologized Tuesday for having labeled a New Jersey mayor as “crazy” after the mayor suggested the flooding from last weekend’s blizzard had been worse than during Hurricane Sandy.

Hillary Rodham Clinton participated in a conference on U.S. cities in Washington on Monday, saying that cities are driving prosperity despite the persistence of wealth gaps. Hillary Rodham Clinton participated in a conference on U.S. cities in Washington on Monday, saying that cities are driving prosperity despite the persistence of wealth gaps. 

 The New Hampshire Union Leader and NBC News plan to hold a debate next Thursday that has not been sanctioned by the Democratic National Committee. The New Hampshire Union Leader and NBC News plan to hold a debate next Thursday that has not been sanctioned by the Democratic National Committee.

 Mr. Rubio is trying to persuade conservative Republican voters that he is the most anti-establishment establishment candidate. Mr. Rubio is trying to persuade conservative Republican voters that he is the most anti-establishment establishment candidate.

 Fox News is showing no signs of giving in to Donald J, Trump in his request to remove Megyn Kelly as debate moderator on Thursday. Fox News is showing no signs of giving in to Donald J, Trump in his request to remove Megyn Kelly as debate moderator on Thursday.

A closer look at the construction of an embroidered top and coat in the house’s spring/summer 2016 couture collection. A closer look at the construction of an embroidered top and coat in the house’s spring/summer 2016 couture collection. 

The couture 2016 collection from Giorgio Armani Privé. The couture 2016 collection from Giorgio Armani Privé. 

 After Donald J. Trump picked up the endorsement of Jerry Falwell Jr., Mr. Trump took to Twitter to attack Bob Vander Plaats, an influential Christian conservative who is backing Ted Cruz. After Donald J. Trump picked up the endorsement of Jerry Falwell Jr., Mr. Trump took to Twitter to attack Bob Vander Plaats, an influential Christian conservative who is backing Ted Cruz.

President Obama hosted the emir of Qatar, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, on Tuesday, and both said they were committed to defeating the Islamic State and other terrorist organizations. President Obama hosted the emir of Qatar, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, on Tuesday, and both said they were committed to defeating the Islamic State and other terrorist organizations. 

On the final day of the Sustainable Development Summit, Obama addressed world leaders about economic inequality and limited opportunities for women. On the final day of the Sustainable Development Summit, Obama addressed world leaders about economic inequality and limited opportunities for women. 

 Joe Arpaio, the hard-line anti-immigration sheriff from Arizona, will appear with endorse Donald J. Trump for president in Iowa on Tuesday, according to Mr. Trump’s campaign. Joe Arpaio, the hard-line anti-immigration sheriff from Arizona, will appear with endorse Donald J. Trump for president in Iowa on Tuesday, according to Mr. Trump’s campaign.

Fredericka Gray, the twin sister of Freddie Gray who suffered a spinal cord injury in police custody, appealed for calm on Saturday before a peaceful protest gave way to violence in Baltimore. Fredericka Gray, the twin sister of Freddie Gray who suffered a spinal cord injury in police custody, appealed for calm on Saturday before a peaceful protest gave way to violence in Baltimore. 

Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter and Gen. Martin E. Dempsey, in Washington to testify about ISIS strategy before Congress, spoke of the military helicopter crash off the coast of Florida. Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter and Gen. Martin E. Dempsey, in Washington to testify about ISIS strategy before Congress, spoke of the military helicopter crash off the coast of Florida. 

 Evidence cannot penetrate. Evidence cannot penetrate.

 There are almost no philosophical conservatives. There are almost no philosophical conservatives.

 Random House said Tuesday that it had acquired a biography of Mr. Michaels to be written by Susan Morrison. Random House said Tuesday that it had acquired a biography of Mr. Michaels to be written by Susan Morrison.

The ABC sitcom returns on Tuesday. The ABC sitcom returns on Tuesday. 

 Roberto Alagna, another well-loved tenor, will replace him, singing the role of des Grieux in Puccini’s “Manon Lescaut” for the first time. Roberto Alagna, another well-loved tenor, will replace him, singing the role of des Grieux in Puccini’s “Manon Lescaut” for the first time.

 The government announced that it would spend almost $2 million in a four-year plan to help museums track down art ownership. The government announced that it would spend almost $2 million in a four-year plan to help museums track down art ownership.

For spring/summer 2016, the house paid homage to its roots while celebrating a more modern approach to dressing. For spring/summer 2016, the house paid homage to its roots while celebrating a more modern approach to dressing. 

 The evangelical leader Jerry Falwell Jr. endorsed Donald J. Trump for president, giving the Republican presidential candidate another boost in the final days before the Iowa caucuses. The evangelical leader Jerry Falwell Jr. endorsed Donald J. Trump for president, giving the Republican presidential candidate another boost in the final days before the Iowa caucuses.

The house’s spring/summer 2016 haute couture show was filled with references to food — with, of course, a heavy dose of shocking pink. The house’s spring/summer 2016 haute couture show was filled with references to food — with, of course, a heavy dose of shocking pink. 

 Having a mother or father who is depressed increases the risk of preterm birth, a new study has found. Having a mother or father who is depressed increases the risk of preterm birth, a new study has found.

 Gov. John Kasich of Ohio picked up endorsements from The Boston Globe and The Concord Monitor, while Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey won the backing of The Boston Herald. Gov. John Kasich of Ohio picked up endorsements from The Boston Globe and The Concord Monitor, while Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey won the backing of The Boston Herald.

 Amy Tan’s novel “Saving Fish From Drowning” includes a number of references to leeches, and now one has been named for Ms. Tan. Amy Tan’s novel “Saving Fish From Drowning” includes a number of references to leeches, and now one has been named for Ms. Tan.

 The Green Day singer-guitarist wrote that it would be “a shame” if the high school production was shut down over worries over the show’s content. The Green Day singer-guitarist wrote that it would be “a shame” if the high school production was shut down over worries over the show’s content.

Now that former President Hugo Chávez’s old adversaries have taken over Parliament, they want to give away the deeds to hundreds of thousands of homes that he built. Now that former President Hugo Chávez’s old adversaries have taken over Parliament, they want to give away the deeds to hundreds of thousands of homes that he built. 

Christopher Drew provides back story on a piece he co-wrote about a Navy SEAL commander’s suicide. Christopher Drew provides back story on a piece he co-wrote about a Navy SEAL commander’s suicide. 

 Hike not looking good. Hike not looking good.

 Disney announced Tuesday that it would begin a national tour of “Aladdin” with a 12-week run in Chicago, at the Cadillac Palace Theater, starting in April 2017. Disney announced Tuesday that it would begin a national tour of “Aladdin” with a 12-week run in Chicago, at the Cadillac Palace Theater, starting in April 2017.

Coming up are some breakout choreography from the 1970s at the Brooklyn Academy of Music, and Balanchine’s “Mozartiana” back in City Ballet’s repertory. Coming up are some breakout choreography from the 1970s at the Brooklyn Academy of Music, and Balanchine’s “Mozartiana” back in City Ballet’s repertory. 

An independent report commissioned by the city comptroller’s office found the city’s retirement system needed additional resources, staffing and the basic tools required to understand the complicated risk embedded in its investments. An independent report commissioned by the city comptroller’s office found the city’s retirement system needed additional resources, staffing and the basic tools required to understand the complicated risk embedded in its investments. 

The CW series returns for its midseason premiere. The CW series returns for its midseason premiere. 

 Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska reeled off a stream of Twitter messages going after Donald J. Trump, questioning the candidate’s flip-flopping on gun rights and health care policy — and his well-publicized history of bedroom exploits. Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska reeled off a stream of Twitter messages going after Donald J. Trump, questioning the candidate’s flip-flopping on gun rights and health care policy — and his well-publicized history of bedroom exploits.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: A Nazi pilot arrives in New York after his escape from a Canadian prison train in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: A Nazi pilot arrives in New York after his escape from a Canadian prison train in 1941.

The latest couture looks from Bouchra Jarrar. The latest couture looks from Bouchra Jarrar. 

 If Jack Dorsey and the other leaders at Twitter thought news of a high-level shake-up would excite investors, they were wrong. If Jack Dorsey and the other leaders at Twitter thought news of a high-level shake-up would excite investors, they were wrong.

 In this courtroom, where time is tight and details are long, genes trump all else. We were not an option. We were a footnote. In this courtroom, where time is tight and details are long, genes trump all else. We were not an option. We were a footnote.

 The Broadway musical, which has already announced that it plans to begin an open-ended run in Chicago this fall, is also planning a separate tour next year, starting in San Francisco, moving to Los Angeles, and then on to other cities. The Broadway musical, which has already announced that it plans to begin an open-ended run in Chicago this fall, is also planning a separate tour next year, starting in San Francisco, moving to Los Angeles, and then on to other cities.

 Leslie Berland, a former American Express executive, was named Twitter’s chief marketing officer, taking over a position that has been in flux in recent years. Leslie Berland, a former American Express executive, was named Twitter’s chief marketing officer, taking over a position that has been in flux in recent years.

A woman, her daughter and an elderly man, passengers in a taxi, related in different ways to the songs being played by the Senegalese driver. A woman, her daughter and an elderly man, passengers in a taxi, related in different ways to the songs being played by the Senegalese driver. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Spain plans to intern German troops in Guinea in 1916. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Spain plans to intern German troops in Guinea in 1916.

 Here’s another sampling of overstuffed or impenetrable sentences in recent stories. Such passages are an unnecessary burden for hurried readers, and often lead to grammatical trouble. Here’s another sampling of overstuffed or impenetrable sentences in recent stories. Such passages are an unnecessary burden for hurried readers, and often lead to grammatical trouble.

Maybe neither. Arthur C. Brooks and Gail Collins on Trump, Cruz, Rubio, Sanders, Clinton and Bloomberg. Maybe neither. Arthur C. Brooks and Gail Collins on Trump, Cruz, Rubio, Sanders, Clinton and Bloomberg. 

 On what was perhaps the best day of Hillary Clinton’s primary campaign since October, she ended with a strong presence at a town-hall-style forum hosted by CNN, the final appearance by all three Democrats in the same place before the Iowa caucuses. On what was perhaps the best day of Hillary Clinton’s primary campaign since October, she ended with a strong presence at a town-hall-style forum hosted by CNN, the final appearance by all three Democrats in the same place before the Iowa caucuses.

Karl Lagerfeld’s designs for couture 2016. Karl Lagerfeld’s designs for couture 2016. 

 Have you been following the past week’s news? Take our quiz to see what you know and to learn more. Look for a new edition each week on Tuesday morning. Have you been following the past week’s news? Take our quiz to see what you know and to learn more. Look for a new edition each week on Tuesday morning.

 Less than a week before Republicans head to the caucuses, a Quinnipiac University survey found that 31 percent of likely Republican participants supported Mr. Trump, while 29 percent backed Mr. Cruz. Less than a week before Republicans head to the caucuses, a Quinnipiac University survey found that 31 percent of likely Republican participants supported Mr. Trump, while 29 percent backed Mr. Cruz.

 Polls in Iowa and New Hampshire show that voters there share concerns, and a partisan divide, as Republicans are most worried about terrorism and foreign policy, while Democrats are focused primarily on jobs and the economy. Polls in Iowa and New Hampshire show that voters there share concerns, and a partisan divide, as Republicans are most worried about terrorism and foreign policy, while Democrats are focused primarily on jobs and the economy.

 A conservative group has issued grades to the candidates based, it says, on who is “the most effective and principled leader,” and it will use social media to try to influence the views of more than 100,000 likely caucusgoers. A conservative group has issued grades to the candidates based, it says, on who is “the most effective and principled leader,” and it will use social media to try to influence the views of more than 100,000 likely caucusgoers.

 Why Shkreli Will Talk on Social Media but Not to Congress | American Apparel Founder Loses Bid to Return Why Shkreli Will Talk on Social Media but Not to Congress | American Apparel Founder Loses Bid to Return

 Representative Charlie Dent, Republican of Pennsylvania, who has not made an endorsement, said that Mr. Trump could appeal to a wider bloc in the general election than Mr. Cruz. Representative Charlie Dent, Republican of Pennsylvania, who has not made an endorsement, said that Mr. Trump could appeal to a wider bloc in the general election than Mr. Cruz.

Tuesday: Passing the impassable, warmer weather, and snow geese. Tuesday: Passing the impassable, warmer weather, and snow geese. 

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

Here’s what you need to know to start the day Here’s what you need to know to start the day 

 A reader asks: Why is it important to take all the antibiotics a doctor prescribes? A reader asks: Why is it important to take all the antibiotics a doctor prescribes?

 Has a friend ever been there for you during a difficult time in your life? Has a friend ever been there for you during a difficult time in your life?

The debate about exposed female nipples intensified in 2015. Many women wonder why their nipples are censored, while men’s aren’t. The debate about exposed female nipples intensified in 2015. Many women wonder why their nipples are censored, while men’s aren’t. 

 How many people are serving sentences of life without parole for crimes they committed when they were not yet 18? How many people are serving sentences of life without parole for crimes they committed when they were not yet 18?

 Agencies and hospitals working together want methods and protocols with which to guard better against the risks that can harm — or kill — the patient. Agencies and hospitals working together want methods and protocols with which to guard better against the risks that can harm — or kill — the patient.

Globalized trade has been a huge success, but that doesn’t absolve us from the moral imperative of helping those left behind. Globalized trade has been a huge success, but that doesn’t absolve us from the moral imperative of helping those left behind. Steven Rattner Op-Ed article points out that while globalization has undoubtedly benefited entire world, there are many people in United States who have been hurt by it, particularly in manufacturing sector; underscores moral necessity of helping those who have lost their jobs to globalization.

Those who play certain sports should have their hearts tested. Those who play certain sports should have their hearts tested. Sandeep Jauhar Op-Ed article advocates electrocardiogram screening for male college athletes in sports like basketball and soccer that pose higher risk of sudden cardiac death.

With the presidential runoff thankfully put off indefinitely, what’s needed is a transitional government leading to fair elections. With the presidential runoff thankfully put off indefinitely, what’s needed is a transitional government leading to fair elections. Editorial underscores necessity of full investigation into Haiti's disputed 2015 elections as part of electoral reform process so that people can trust in government; suggests Pres Michel Martelly should leave office so that country's leaders can agree on reforms during brief period of transitional government before new elections are held.

 She was never late, or even early. What was that about? She was never late, or even early. What was that about?

Military intervention in Libya could lead to expanded American involvement in other countries in Africa. Military intervention in Libya could lead to expanded American involvement in other countries in Africa. Editorial criticizes fact that Obama administration is considering opening third military front against Islamic State group in Libya without meaningful debate in Congress; underscores absurdity that campaign against group is predicated on 2001 law meant to target Al Qaeda; blames Congress for abdicating its duty to vote on matter.

There are many good reasons to think Trump, Cruz and Sanders won’t make it past the primaries, much less the conventions. There are many good reasons to think Trump, Cruz and Sanders won’t make it past the primaries, much less the conventions. David Brooks Op-Ed column outlines reasons why he firmly believes neither Donald Trump, Ted Cruz nor Bernie Sanders will win presidential election; expresses confidence that both major parties will nominate candidates who represent most stable presence.

Why the tallest candidate, with a name near the beginning of the alphabet, may triumph. Why the tallest candidate, with a name near the beginning of the alphabet, may triumph. 

 Could a capable nonpartisan billionaire, like Michael Bloomberg, fix our damaged political system needs or just give rich people more power? Could a capable nonpartisan billionaire, like Michael Bloomberg, fix our damaged political system needs or just give rich people more power?

 A chance encounter with a man trying for a new start in Oakland led to a complex, three-year tale with no easy answers. A chance encounter with a man trying for a new start in Oakland led to a complex, three-year tale with no easy answers.

With the federal government mostly gridlocked, policy makers find local victories on issues like parental leave and paid sick leave. With the federal government mostly gridlocked, policy makers find local victories on issues like parental leave and paid sick leave. The Upshot; liberal policy makers, frustrated by gridlocked federal government, are turning to cities to get laws passed; search for local legislative victories is seen as pathway for federal and state governments to follow; among more recent example is proposal from San Francisco city and county supervisor, Scott Wiener, for law requiring businesses in city to pay employees for parental leave. 

Quotation of the Day for Tuesday, January 26, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Tuesday, January 26, 2016. 

Corrections appearing in print on Tuesday, January 26, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Tuesday, January 26, 2016. 

“Outsiders,” a would-be “Justified,” comes to WGN America. Jack Black does his panda shtick. And John Quiñones brings back his shame game. “Outsiders,” a would-be “Justified,” comes to WGN America. Jack Black does his panda shtick. And John Quiñones brings back his shame game. 

Andre Agassi and John McEnroe have agreed to play this summer in New Haven, which has been added as a stop on the PowerShares Series circuit for over-30 men’s players. Andre Agassi and John McEnroe have agreed to play this summer in New Haven, which has been added as a stop on the PowerShares Series circuit for over-30 men’s players. 

The Red Bulls signed goalkeeper Luis Robles and midfielders Shaun Wright-Phillips, Mike Grella and Sal Zizzo. Financial terms of the contracts were not disclosed. The Red Bulls signed goalkeeper Luis Robles and midfielders Shaun Wright-Phillips, Mike Grella and Sal Zizzo. Financial terms of the contracts were not disclosed. 

LeBron James scored 25 points as Cleveland beat the Timberwolves, who got 26 points and 11 rebounds from Karl Anthony-Towns. LeBron James scored 25 points as Cleveland beat the Timberwolves, who got 26 points and 11 rebounds from Karl Anthony-Towns. Cleveland Cavaliers beat Minnesota Timberwolves, 114-107; other pro basketball news noted.

Tamika Catchings, Sue Bird and Diana Taurasi, who have each won three Olympic gold medals, were among the 25 finalists for the basketball team. Tamika Catchings, Sue Bird and Diana Taurasi, who have each won three Olympic gold medals, were among the 25 finalists for the basketball team. 

Brett Connolly redirected a Zdeno Chara shot from the point with 1 minute 54 seconds left, lifting Boston to a victory at Philadelphia. Brett Connolly redirected a Zdeno Chara shot from the point with 1 minute 54 seconds left, lifting Boston to a victory at Philadelphia. Boston Bruins beat Philadelphia Flyers, 3-2; other pro hockey scores noted.

Hillary Clinton cast doubt on the feasibility of Bernie Sanders’s agenda, and he painted her judgment on foreign policy as weak. Hillary Clinton cast doubt on the feasibility of Bernie Sanders’s agenda, and he painted her judgment on foreign policy as weak. Democratic presidential candidates meet for final debate ahead of Iowa caucuses; Hillary Rodham Clinton casts doubt on feasibility of Bernie Sanders' agenda, while he paints her judgment on foreign policy as weak.

Major League Baseball is studying whether to raise the bottom of the strike zone from the hollow beneath the kneecap back to the top of the kneecap. Major League Baseball is studying whether to raise the bottom of the strike zone from the hollow beneath the kneecap back to the top of the kneecap. Major League Baseball owners consider proposal to move bottom of strike zone back to top of kneecap, where it was until 1995; other baseball news noted.

Mr. Cruz’s new ad, “New York Values,” tries to portray Mr. Trump as not just a fraud but an elitist — an impostor posing as a conservative and belittling of Iowans. Mr. Cruz’s new ad, “New York Values,” tries to portray Mr. Trump as not just a fraud but an elitist — an impostor posing as a conservative and belittling of Iowans. 

Monte Morris scored 21 points, and Georges Niang had 19 for No. 14 Iowa State, which earned its fourth straight victory. Monte Morris scored 21 points, and Georges Niang had 19 for No. 14 Iowa State, which earned its fourth straight victory. Iowa State beats Kansas, 85-72; other college basketball scores noted.

 This word has appeared in 277 New York Times articles in the past year. This word has appeared in 277 New York Times articles in the past year.

The 2017 budget plan would make it easier for small businesses to form retirement savings plans for their workers. The 2017 budget plan would make it easier for small businesses to form retirement savings plans for their workers. Pres Obama's 2017 budget proposal will include plan to change 401(k) rules for small businesses, reducing administrative costs and rules for compliance; goal of proposal is to increase availability of such retirement plans to more Americans.

KENNEDY--Michael John, on January 25, 2016 at age 78 of cancer. Civil rights lawyer who fought for the First, Fourth, Fifth and Sixth Amendments. Mr. Kennedy, whose career as both a civil liberties and criminal attorney began in California in the 1960s, successfully defended Black Panther Huey Newton on manslaughter and murder charges in Oakland. In San Francisco, he won acquittal for all seven young Mexican Americans, Los Siete de la Raza, charged with murdering a police officer in the city's Mission District. And when Jimmy Mitchell, co-owner of San Francisco's notorious O'Farrell Theatre-which journalist Hunter S. Thompson called 'The Carnegie Hall of Public Sex'-was accused of killing his brother Artie in a drunken rage, Mr. Kennedy succeeded in having the charge reduced from murder in the second degree to manslaughter. In Illinois he represented Rennie Davis, a member of the Chicago Eight accused of conspiracy and inciting a riot during the 1968 Democratic National Convention and served as Mr. Davis's lawyer before the House Un-American Activities Committee in Washington, D.C. He also represented Bernardine Dohrn who belonged to 1960s radical group, The Weathermen. Other of his clients belonged to the Brotherhood of Eternal Love, the most famous member of which was Timothy Leary, LSD guru to a generation. In Lincoln, Nebraska, Mr. Kennedy won acquittal for a Penobscot Native American charged with assaulting FBI agents at Wounded Knee. Perhaps his most famous trial and certainly the most time consuming-it still remains the longest criminal jury trial in U.S. Federal Court history-was The Pizza Connection; the name came from accusations of drug money laundering through pizza parlors in New York City. When the U.S. Attorney put two warring mafia families on trial, the case played out like a drama between the Capulets and the Montagues with Mr. Kennedy retained as chief council representing one of the godfathers, Sicilian mob boss Gaetano Badalamenti. Wire taps were the basis for charges against six Americans raising money in New York to buy weapons for the IRA in Ireland. As lead council, Mr. Kennedy won an acquittal for all six men. He also won clemency from New York Governor Mario Cuomo for Jean Harris, the private girls' school headmistress who was in prison for the notorious murder of her lover, Scarsdale Diet doctor Herman Tarnower. Mr. Kennedy worked on only one divorce case in his career and although the settlement was sealed, reliable sources reported that Ivana Trump was very pleased. There were many pro-bono cases about which no one has written. And there were many times when people from all walks of life, the high, the low, and the undocumented, sought Kennedy's advice privately and many times he privately reached out to connections, sometimes in the government, sometimes in the underworld. As general council to High Times Magazine for 41 years, Mr. Kennedy and his friend, the magazine's founder, the late Tom Forcade, sought to subvert prohibition of marijuana. When a reporter recently asked Mr. Kennedy how he kept High Times out of trouble for so long, he replied simply that he had never asked or allowed them to do anything illegal but added: "At High Times we will never forget what was done in the name of law enforcement to our scarred arrestees, and those who still rot in prison for daring to try to enjoy themselves peacefully and harmlessly." Mr. Kennedy was the consummate gentleman, with a quick Irish wit and a quick Irish temper. But he very rarely raised his voice, being the personification of Theodore Roosevelt's foreign policy: Speak softly but carry a big stick. The romance between Michael Kennedy and Eleanora, his wife of forty-seven years, is the stuff of fairy tales. Marrying after love at first sight, they never spent a night apart and sometimes signed their names as one word. Although not an attorney, Mrs. Kennedy was her husband's most trusted associate and confidant working entirely behind the scenes on every case, becoming an unofficial voir dire expert. The couple eschewed the label 'socialite' but could be seen often at benefits for Memorial Sloan Kettering Hospital, the Central Park Conservancy and the United Nations. They gave as many parties as they attended, a number of which were chronicled in New York Magazine and the New York Social Diary. When not working or traveling, Mr. Kennedy spent his time between New York City, his Hamptons home Kilkare, his old Key West cottage in West Palm Beach and his house in Ireland's Black Valley. Michael John Kennedy, who died at Memorial Sloan Kettering Hospital, was born in the state of Washington in 1937. After boarding school in Washington, he attended University of California at Berkeley and Hastings Law School. Besides his wife Eleanora, he leaves his daughters Anna Safir and Lisa Kennedy, his son Scott Hamilton Kennedy, three granddaughters and two grandsons. Friends may call at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street on Wednesday from 2-4 and 6-8pm. The funeral service will be held on Thursday at 10am at the Church of St. Paul the Apostle, 60th Street and Columbus Avenue. 1/3 KENNEDY--Michael John, on January 25, 2016 at age 78 of cancer. Civil rights lawyer who fought for the First, Fourth, Fifth and Sixth Amendments. Mr. Kennedy, whose career as both a civil liberties and criminal attorney began in California in the 1960s, successfully defended Black Panther Huey Newton on manslaughter and murder charges in Oakland. In San Francisco, he won acquittal for all seven young Mexican Americans, Los Siete de la Raza, charged with murdering a police officer in the city's Mission District. And when Jimmy Mitchell, co-owner of San Francisco's notorious O'Farrell Theatre-which journalist Hunter S. Thompson called 'The Carnegie Hall of Public Sex'-was accused of killing his brother Artie in a drunken rage, Mr. Kennedy succeeded in having the charge reduced from murder in the second degree to manslaughter. In Illinois he represented Rennie Davis, a member of the Chicago Eight accused of conspiracy and inciting a riot during the 1968 Democratic National Convention and served as Mr. Davis's lawyer before the House Un-American Activities Committee in Washington, D.C. He also represented Bernardine Dohrn who belonged to 1960s radical group, The Weathermen. Other of his clients belonged to the Brotherhood of Eternal Love, the most famous member of which was Timothy Leary, LSD guru to a generation. In Lincoln, Nebraska, Mr. Kennedy won acquittal for a Penobscot Native American charged with assaulting FBI agents at Wounded Knee. Perhaps his most famous trial and certainly the most time consuming-it still remains the longest criminal jury trial in U.S. Federal Court history-was The Pizza Connection; the name came from accusations of drug money laundering through pizza parlors in New York City. When the U.S. Attorney put two warring mafia families on trial, the case played out like a drama between the Capulets and the Montagues with Mr. Kennedy retained as chief council representing one of the godfathers, Sicilian mob boss Gaetano Badalamenti. Wire taps were the basis for charges against six Americans raising money in New York to buy weapons for the IRA in Ireland. As lead council, Mr. Kennedy won an acquittal for all six men. He also won clemency from New York Governor Mario Cuomo for Jean Harris, the private girls' school headmistress who was in prison for the notorious murder of her lover, Scarsdale Diet doctor Herman Tarnower. Mr. Kennedy worked on only one divorce case in his career and although the settlement was sealed, reliable sources reported that Ivana Trump was very pleased. There were many pro-bono cases about which no one has written. And there were many times when people from all walks of life, the high, the low, and the undocumented, sought Kennedy's advice privately and many times he privately reached out to connections, sometimes in the government, sometimes in the underworld. As general council to High Times Magazine for 41 years, Mr. Kennedy and his friend, the magazine's founder, the late Tom Forcade, sought to subvert prohibition of marijuana. When a reporter recently asked Mr. Kennedy how he kept High Times out of trouble for so long, he replied simply that he had never asked or allowed them to do anything illegal but added: "At High Times we will never forget what was done in the name of law enforcement to our scarred arrestees, and those who still rot in prison for daring to try to enjoy themselves peacefully and harmlessly." Mr. Kennedy was the consummate gentleman, with a quick Irish wit and a quick Irish temper. But he very rarely raised his voice, being the personification of Theodore Roosevelt's foreign policy: Speak softly but carry a big stick. The romance between Michael Kennedy and Eleanora, his wife of forty-seven years, is the stuff of fairy tales. Marrying after love at first sight, they never spent a night apart and sometimes signed their names as one word. Although not an attorney, Mrs. Kennedy was her husband's most trusted associate and confidant working entirely behind the scenes on every case, becoming an unofficial voir dire expert. The couple eschewed the label 'socialite' but could be seen often at benefits for Memorial Sloan Kettering Hospital, the Central Park Conservancy and the United Nations. They gave as many parties as they attended, a number of which were chronicled in New York Magazine and the New York Social Diary. When not working or traveling, Mr. Kennedy spent his time between New York City, his Hamptons home Kilkare, his old Key West cottage in West Palm Beach and his house in Ireland's Black Valley. Michael John Kennedy, who died at Memorial Sloan Kettering Hospital, was born in the state of Washington in 1937. After boarding school in Washington, he attended University of California at Berkeley and Hastings Law School. Besides his wife Eleanora, he leaves his daughters Anna Safir and Lisa Kennedy, his son Scott Hamilton Kennedy, three granddaughters and two grandsons. Friends may call at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street on Wednesday from 2-4 and 6-8pm. The funeral service will be held on Thursday at 10am at the Church of St. Paul the Apostle, 60th Street and Columbus Avenue. 1/3 

MACTAS--Leah, passed away on January 24, 2016 after bravely living through a long period of distress, never complaining and maintaining her characteristic strength and her well-known and admired smile. Leah was a woman who lived her life always "making a difference." The centerpieces of Leah's life were her love for her husband Leonard, her much adored sons Mark, Edward, Jay, Bruce and Seth, their wives, her ten cherished grandchildren and her great- grandchild. She also had the good fortune to be part of a large and wonderful family, including brother and sisters- in-law, cherished niece and nephew, all dearly loved. She will be remembered and missed by all. Her legacy is her gift to her loved ones. Donations in her memory may be made to: Leah Mactas Fund for Children, Temple Emanuel of the Pascack Valley, 87 Overlook Drive, Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677. Funeral Services are 1pm, Wednesday, January 27, 2016 at Robert Schoem's, W-150 Rte. 4 East, Paramus, NJ, followed by burial at the Sanctuary of Abraham and Sarah, Cedar Park Cemetery, 735 Forest Ave., Paramus, NJ. 1/3 MACTAS--Leah, passed away on January 24, 2016 after bravely living through a long period of distress, never complaining and maintaining her characteristic strength and her well-known and admired smile. Leah was a woman who lived her life always "making a difference." The centerpieces of Leah's life were her love for her husband Leonard, her much adored sons Mark, Edward, Jay, Bruce and Seth, their wives, her ten cherished grandchildren and her great- grandchild. She also had the good fortune to be part of a large and wonderful family, including brother and sisters- in-law, cherished niece and nephew, all dearly loved. She will be remembered and missed by all. Her legacy is her gift to her loved ones. Donations in her memory may be made to: Leah Mactas Fund for Children, Temple Emanuel of the Pascack Valley, 87 Overlook Drive, Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677. Funeral Services are 1pm, Wednesday, January 27, 2016 at Robert Schoem's, W-150 Rte. 4 East, Paramus, NJ, followed by burial at the Sanctuary of Abraham and Sarah, Cedar Park Cemetery, 735 Forest Ave., Paramus, NJ. 1/3 

FISHMAN--Leonard. The Officers, Board of Governors, The Women's Group, Members and Staff of The Muttontown Club mourn the passing of our beloved member, Leonard Fishman, and extend our sincerest condolences to his wife Susan Fishman and their children, Holly and Jon and their families. Robert Sherman, President 1/3 FISHMAN--Leonard. The Officers, Board of Governors, The Women's Group, Members and Staff of The Muttontown Club mourn the passing of our beloved member, Leonard Fishman, and extend our sincerest condolences to his wife Susan Fishman and their children, Holly and Jon and their families. Robert Sherman, President 1/3 

PERLMUTTER--Stephen David, passed away on January 17, 2016 at the age of 68. A loving husband, father, brother, and friend. He is survived by his wife Diane, his daughters Jaclyn and Caren, and his sisters Iris and Susan. A lifetime New Yorker, Stephen grew up in the Bronx, graduated from Bronx Science, CCNY, and Brooklyn Law School, and served the State of New York as an Administrative Law Judge. Stephen was a history buff, a lover of comedies, and an appreciator of musicals. He will be greatly missed. The family extends their gratitude to the physicians and staff at Memorial Sloan Kettering, where donations can be made in Steve's honor. 1/3 PERLMUTTER--Stephen David, passed away on January 17, 2016 at the age of 68. A loving husband, father, brother, and friend. He is survived by his wife Diane, his daughters Jaclyn and Caren, and his sisters Iris and Susan. A lifetime New Yorker, Stephen grew up in the Bronx, graduated from Bronx Science, CCNY, and Brooklyn Law School, and served the State of New York as an Administrative Law Judge. Stephen was a history buff, a lover of comedies, and an appreciator of musicals. He will be greatly missed. The family extends their gratitude to the physicians and staff at Memorial Sloan Kettering, where donations can be made in Steve's honor. 1/3 

RISEMAN--Milton, January 24, 2016, of Radnor, PA. Beloved husband of Judith (nee Schechtman); loving father of Alex (Lori) Riseman and Samantha (Collin) Conoley; cherished grandfather of Ariel, Sophia, Matthew, Declan and Nola. Relatives and friends are invited to graveside services Wednesday 1:00pm, Sharon Gardens, 273 Lakeview Avenue, Valhalla, NY 10595. Shiva will be observed at the late residence. In lieu of flowers, contributions in his memory may be made to The Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation (MMRF) or The Melanoma International Foundation (MIF). 1/3 RISEMAN--Milton, January 24, 2016, of Radnor, PA. Beloved husband of Judith (nee Schechtman); loving father of Alex (Lori) Riseman and Samantha (Collin) Conoley; cherished grandfather of Ariel, Sophia, Matthew, Declan and Nola. Relatives and friends are invited to graveside services Wednesday 1:00pm, Sharon Gardens, 273 Lakeview Avenue, Valhalla, NY 10595. Shiva will be observed at the late residence. In lieu of flowers, contributions in his memory may be made to The Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation (MMRF) or The Melanoma International Foundation (MIF). 1/3 

EISENPRESSER--George. We note with sorrow the passing of longtime member, George Eisenpresser, and extend sincerest condolences to his bereaved family. Rabbi Angela W. Buchdahl and President Abigail Pogrebin, Central Synagogue of New York City 1/3 EISENPRESSER--George. We note with sorrow the passing of longtime member, George Eisenpresser, and extend sincerest condolences to his bereaved family. Rabbi Angela W. Buchdahl and President Abigail Pogrebin, Central Synagogue of New York City 1/3 

BOUSVAROS--George M.D.,of Larchmont, NY passed away on January 19, 2016 after a brief illness. He was 86 years old. He was born in Thessaloniki, Greece, the only child of Athanasios and Glykeria Bousvaros. He graduated with the highest honors from the University of Athens Medical School, completed postgraduate training in cardiology in London and Canada, and immigrated to the United States in 1966. During his illustrious career as a physician, he was Chief of the divisions of cardiology at the Veteran's Administration Hospital in Albany and Metropolitan Hospital in Manhattan, and Professor of Medicine at Albany Medical School and the New York Medical College. After giving up his administrative duties, he continued to serve the people of New York as a cardiologist at Lincoln Hospital until he became ill. He was an outstanding husband, father, physician, teacher, and human being. He is survived by his wife Olga, two children Dr. Athos Bousvaros and Maria Tollefson, their spouses Dr. Margaret Lotz and Dr. Terry Tollefson and three grandchildren Sophia, George and Byron. The wake will be held at the Coxe and Graziano Funeral Home in Mamaroneck, NY on Friday, January 29 from 5-9pm. The service and burial will be on Saturday, January 30 at 10am at the Holy Trinity Orthodox Church in New Rochelle, NY. Flowers may be sent to the funeral home. Donations can be made to the Holy Trinity Church, 10 Mill Rd, New Rochelle, NY 10804. 1/3 BOUSVAROS--George M.D.,of Larchmont, NY passed away on January 19, 2016 after a brief illness. He was 86 years old. He was born in Thessaloniki, Greece, the only child of Athanasios and Glykeria Bousvaros. He graduated with the highest honors from the University of Athens Medical School, completed postgraduate training in cardiology in London and Canada, and immigrated to the United States in 1966. During his illustrious career as a physician, he was Chief of the divisions of cardiology at the Veteran's Administration Hospital in Albany and Metropolitan Hospital in Manhattan, and Professor of Medicine at Albany Medical School and the New York Medical College. After giving up his administrative duties, he continued to serve the people of New York as a cardiologist at Lincoln Hospital until he became ill. He was an outstanding husband, father, physician, teacher, and human being. He is survived by his wife Olga, two children Dr. Athos Bousvaros and Maria Tollefson, their spouses Dr. Margaret Lotz and Dr. Terry Tollefson and three grandchildren Sophia, George and Byron. The wake will be held at the Coxe and Graziano Funeral Home in Mamaroneck, NY on Friday, January 29 from 5-9pm. The service and burial will be on Saturday, January 30 at 10am at the Holy Trinity Orthodox Church in New Rochelle, NY. Flowers may be sent to the funeral home. Donations can be made to the Holy Trinity Church, 10 Mill Rd, New Rochelle, NY 10804. 1/3 

GREENFELD--Marvin, on January 21, 2016, of New York City, formerly of Alexandria, VA, died peacefully shortly before his 91st birthday. Devoted husband to the late Renee E. Greenfeld and to second wife the late Marilyn Bartick. Loving father to Anne M. Greenfeld, Stephen S. Greenfeld, and the late Lawrence I. Greenfeld, and loving stepfather to Melissa Bartick. A WWII Veteran, he had a long professional career in electrical engineering and management, loved jazz and classical music-he was an outstanding trumpet player-and was an inveterate punster. Our father also frequently contributed to dozens of charitable organizations. Funeral service will be held on Friday, January 29, 2016, 12pm at Judean Memorial Gardens Chapel, 16225 Batchellors Forest Rd., Olney, MD. Interment will immediately follow in Judean Memorial Gardens Cemetery. 1/3 GREENFELD--Marvin, on January 21, 2016, of New York City, formerly of Alexandria, VA, died peacefully shortly before his 91st birthday. Devoted husband to the late Renee E. Greenfeld and to second wife the late Marilyn Bartick. Loving father to Anne M. Greenfeld, Stephen S. Greenfeld, and the late Lawrence I. Greenfeld, and loving stepfather to Melissa Bartick. A WWII Veteran, he had a long professional career in electrical engineering and management, loved jazz and classical music-he was an outstanding trumpet player-and was an inveterate punster. Our father also frequently contributed to dozens of charitable organizations. Funeral service will be held on Friday, January 29, 2016, 12pm at Judean Memorial Gardens Chapel, 16225 Batchellors Forest Rd., Olney, MD. Interment will immediately follow in Judean Memorial Gardens Cemetery. 1/3 

LEWIS--Gladys I.,"Lady Lewis" passed away Thursday, January 21, 2016 in Monroe, NJ. Wife of the late Sir W. Arthur Lewis, she is survived by her daughters, Elizabeth Channon and Barbara Virgil, and their families. Services Saturday, January 30, 2016 at 11:00am at St. David's Episcopal Church, Cranbury, NJ. Visitation Friday, January 29, 2016 from 4-7pm at A.S. Cole & Son Funeral Home, 22 N. Main St., Cranbury, NJ 08512 and Saturday, January 30, 2016 from 10am- 10:45am at St. David's Episcopal Church, Cranbury, NJ. www.saulfuneralhomes.com 1/3 LEWIS--Gladys I.,"Lady Lewis" passed away Thursday, January 21, 2016 in Monroe, NJ. Wife of the late Sir W. Arthur Lewis, she is survived by her daughters, Elizabeth Channon and Barbara Virgil, and their families. Services Saturday, January 30, 2016 at 11:00am at St. David's Episcopal Church, Cranbury, NJ. Visitation Friday, January 29, 2016 from 4-7pm at A.S. Cole & Son Funeral Home, 22 N. Main St., Cranbury, NJ 08512 and Saturday, January 30, 2016 from 10am- 10:45am at St. David's Episcopal Church, Cranbury, NJ. www.saulfuneralhomes.com 1/3 

Randolph Holder, who was fatally shot in October, was the only officer who could testify that he had seen a weapon in the defendant’s hands. Randolph Holder, who was fatally shot in October, was the only officer who could testify that he had seen a weapon in the defendant’s hands. 

Davis, an All-Pro linebacker who broke his right forearm in Sunday’s victory in the N.F.C. title game, may need to wear a brace, Coach Ron Rivera said. Davis, an All-Pro linebacker who broke his right forearm in Sunday’s victory in the N.F.C. title game, may need to wear a brace, Coach Ron Rivera said. NFL Roundup; Carolina Panthers linebacker Thomas Davis undergoes surgery for broken arm but will likely able to play in Super Bowl; other football news noted.

The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences late Monday disclosed guidelines meant to settle at least some questions surrounding new diversity-oriented rules. The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences late Monday disclosed guidelines meant to settle at least some questions surrounding new diversity-oriented rules. Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences unveils new guidelines that represent radical changes to voting requirements; new diversity-oriented rules may cost many members their Oscar voting rights.

The Rangers scraped out a win over the Sabres, but despite their talent, they remain stuck in an Eastern Conference traffic jam as they enter the All-Star break. The Rangers scraped out a win over the Sabres, but despite their talent, they remain stuck in an Eastern Conference traffic jam as they enter the All-Star break. New York Rangers defeat Buffalo Sabres, 6-3.

A Brooklyn woman who was trying to coax the cat out from the undercarriage of her car flagged down passing police officers who normally specialize in counterterrorism. A Brooklyn woman who was trying to coax the cat out from the undercarriage of her car flagged down passing police officers who normally specialize in counterterrorism. 

Williams earned her 18th straight victory against Sharapova, the fifth seed, to advance to a semifinal against another player she has dominated, Agnieszka Radwanska. Williams earned her 18th straight victory against Sharapova, the fifth seed, to advance to a semifinal against another player she has dominated, Agnieszka Radwanska. Serena Williams scores 18th consecutive win over Maria Sharapova in Australian Open quarterfinals.

Angel Feliz-Volquez, 26, was charged on Monday with killing Carmen Torres-Gonzalez, 59, with the 20-inch weapon outside her mother’s apartment in a Bronx public housing project. Angel Feliz-Volquez, 26, was charged on Monday with killing Carmen Torres-Gonzalez, 59, with the 20-inch weapon outside her mother’s apartment in a Bronx public housing project. Angel Feliz-Volquez is charged with murdering Carmen Torres-Gonzalez with machete in Bronx public housing complex where both resided; Feliz-Volquez tells detectives  neighbors, including Torres-Gonzalez, were spying on him.

The gallery is accused of selling dozens of fake works that it said were by master artists, including a purported Rothko purchased by Domenico and Eleanore De Sole for $8.3 million in 2004. The gallery is accused of selling dozens of fake works that it said were by master artists, including a purported Rothko purchased by Domenico and Eleanore De Sole for $8.3 million in 2004. 

The Islanders, who had won three of their last four, lost their last game before the All-Star break, with Detroit capitalizing on two quick second-period goals. The Islanders, who had won three of their last four, lost their last game before the All-Star break, with Detroit capitalizing on two quick second-period goals. Detroit Red Wings defeat New York Islanders, 4-2.

Audiotapes of the three calls released Monday showed that Quintonio LeGrier was treated curtly by dispatchers, one of whom hung up on him. Audiotapes of the three calls released Monday showed that Quintonio LeGrier was treated curtly by dispatchers, one of whom hung up on him. 

In the third season since its reconfiguration, the conference has three teams in the top 10 in the Associated Press poll: Villanova, Xavier and Providence. In the third season since its reconfiguration, the conference has three teams in the top 10 in the Associated Press poll: Villanova, Xavier and Providence. 

The practice can lead to “devastating, lasting psychological consequences,” he said in an opinion article in The Washington Post. The practice can lead to “devastating, lasting psychological consequences,” he said in an opinion article in The Washington Post. Pres Obama, based on Justice Dept recommendation, issues prohibition against keeping juveniles in solitary confinement in federal prisons; president has been increasingly aggressive on criminal justice and correctional policies that are viewed as biased against blacks and other minorities.

The internationally recognized Parliament voted down a proposed 32-member cabinet in a blow to international efforts to help form a unified government. The internationally recognized Parliament voted down a proposed 32-member cabinet in a blow to international efforts to help form a unified government. Libya's internationally recognized Parliament, which meets in Tobruk, rejects proposal for United Nations-backed 32-member unity cabinet, complicating efforts to reconcile country's factions.

Mr. Christie fought his way into contention in New Hampshire, though his opponents are questioning his campaign story line, testing his momentum. Mr. Christie fought his way into contention in New Hampshire, though his opponents are questioning his campaign story line, testing his momentum. Gov Chris Christie of New Jersey returns to campaign trail in New Hampshire, where he has fought his way into contention in crowded Republican field, as primary approaches.

The anniversary of the Jan. 25 revolution was commemorated quietly by some of those who helped drive millions of Egyptians to the streets in 2011. The anniversary of the Jan. 25 revolution was commemorated quietly by some of those who helped drive millions of Egyptians to the streets in 2011. 

The Central African Republic’s constitutional court scrapped results from a legislative election, citing irregularities like illegible ballots and poor training for election workers. The Central African Republic’s constitutional court scrapped results from a legislative election, citing irregularities like illegible ballots and poor training for election workers. Constitutional court in Central African Republic certifies presidential election results, setting stage for presidential runoff election between Anicet-Georges Dologuele and Faustin Archange Touadera; court separately invalidates legislative election results, confounding candidates.

Islamic State extremists will keep trying attacks on so-called soft targets in Europe as the group increasingly goes global. Islamic State extremists will keep trying attacks on so-called soft targets in Europe as the group increasingly goes global. Europol agency releases report warning that Islamic State extremists will continue to conduct terrorist attacks on so-called soft targets in Europe.

The number of people who get insurance this year through the Affordable Care Act&#8217;s public marketplaces is expected to be 13 million, down from a prior projection of 21 million. The number of people who get insurance this year through the Affordable Care Act&#8217;s public marketplaces is expected to be 13 million, down from a prior projection of 21 million. Congressional Budget Office estimates that 13 million people will get health insurance through Affordable Care Act's public marketplaces in 2016, sharp reduction from its previous estimate of 21 million; also lowers its estimate of number of people who will receive subsidies, from 15 million, to 11 million a month.

Lawmakers in Libya overwhelmingly rejected a proposed United Nations-backed unity cabinet on Monday, dealing a blow to diplomatic efforts. Lawmakers in Libya overwhelmingly rejected a proposed United Nations-backed unity cabinet on Monday, dealing a blow to diplomatic efforts. 

Egyptians marked the fifth anniversary of the uprising that toppled President Hosni Mubarak with a handful of flash protests but none of the violence or anger that drove the uprising. Egyptians marked the fifth anniversary of the uprising that toppled President Hosni Mubarak with a handful of flash protests but none of the violence or anger that drove the uprising. Handful of antigovernment demonstrations in Cairo, on anniversary of 2011 ouster of Egyptian Pres Hosni Mubarak,are easily quelled by authorities; recent crackdown on political opposition by regime of Pres Abdel Fattah el-Sisi has left few activists free to protest; some residents express gratitude for relative stability.

Johnson Controls is just the latest corporation to flee America for greener, lower-tax pastures. And until lawmakers reform the tax code, the exodus will continue. Johnson Controls is just the latest corporation to flee America for greener, lower-tax pastures. And until lawmakers reform the tax code, the exodus will continue. Andrew Ross Sorkin DealBook column observes that auto parts supplier Johnson Controls is latest company to renounce its United States corporate citizenship; says stream
 of companies relocating overseas will go on until Congress reforms tax code.

Grappling with a mosquito-borne virus linked to brain damage in infants, El Salvador is advising all women in the country not to get pregnant until 2018. Grappling with a mosquito-borne virus linked to brain damage in infants, El Salvador is advising all women in the country not to get pregnant until 2018. El Salvador, beset by mosquito-borne Zika virus, advises all women in country to avoid becoming pregnant until 2018; warning is indication of government's desperation over epidemic, which has spread across Latin America and infected more than million people in Brazil.

Ms. Teachout, who campaigned in 2014 for the Democratic nomination for governor, is now running for federal office in a district that was heavily contested two years ago. Ms. Teachout, who campaigned in 2014 for the Democratic nomination for governor, is now running for federal office in a district that was heavily contested two years ago. Zephyr Teachout, former challenger in New York's gubernatorial race against Gov Andrew M Cuomo, announces bid for New York's 19th Congressional District; Teachout's inclusion adds strong liberal element to competitive race for district currently represented by Republican Chris Gibson.

Temperatures abruptly plunged to a 16-year low of 39 degrees Fahrenheit in the subtropical capital. Temperatures abruptly plunged to a 16-year low of 39 degrees Fahrenheit in the subtropical capital. Taiwanese officials attribute deaths of at least 57 people in greater Taipei area to unusual cold front that brought temperatures as low as 39 degrees; most of victims were seniors.

At the 2016 Sundance Film Festival, the big streaming services, not the traditional studios, are driving the deal-making. At the 2016 Sundance Film Festival, the big streaming services, not the traditional studios, are driving the deal-making. Big video-streaming services like Amazon and Netflix are calling shots amid deal-making at Sundance Film Festival; Amazon has bought four movies and Netflix three, with most traditional distributors yet to purchase anything. 

Airstrikes by the Saudi-led military coalition hit the home of a senior judge in Sana, killing the judge along with his relatives. Airstrikes by the Saudi-led military coalition hit the home of a senior judge in Sana, killing the judge along with his relatives. Saudi-led military coalition's airstrike on Sana, Yemen, hits home of Yayha Alrubaid, senior judge who had prosecuted members of Saudi-backed government who were in exile for high treason; strike kills Alrubaid and six of his relatives.

For the accord to work, governments must resist ever more affordable fossil fuels in favor of policies that encourage and, in many cases, require the use of renewable energy sources. For the accord to work, governments must resist ever more affordable fossil fuels in favor of policies that encourage and, in many cases, require the use of renewable energy sources. Sweeping global agreement on cutting carbon emissions by embracing renewable energy sources is being tested by plummeting oil prices; officials in United States and China say they will remain steadfast in moving ahead with energy efficiency programs, which can be costly and unpopular, particularly in face of increasingly affordable fossil fuels. 

Lawyers for Mr. Skelos, a former majority leader of the New York Senate, and his son, Adam, filed a motion arguing government prosecutors failed to submit enough evidence. Lawyers for Mr. Skelos, a former majority leader of the New York Senate, and his son, Adam, filed a motion arguing government prosecutors failed to submit enough evidence. Lawyers for former New York State Sen Dean G Skelos and his son Adam Skelos, who were convicted on federal corruption charges in December, file motion seeking acquittal judgement and new trial.

Two of the three inmates who escaped Friday from a maximum security jail in Orange County are believed to be members of Vietnamese gangs, and could be embedded within the county’s sizable Vietnamese community. Two of the three inmates who escaped Friday from a maximum security jail in Orange County are believed to be members of Vietnamese gangs, and could be embedded within the county’s sizable Vietnamese community. California officials suggest inmates Jonathan Tieu and Bac Duong, who escaped from maximum-security jail in Orange County with third inmate Hossein Nayeri, are likely members of Vietnamese gangs; efforts to re-capture men continue.  

Bad weather often causes cancellations at hotels, who then make up for lost revenue by offering a discounted rate to local residents. Bad weather often causes cancellations at hotels, who then make up for lost revenue by offering a discounted rate to local residents. Some hotels discount rates during winter storms, filling empty rooms and engendering good will among local residents and emergency workers.

Ten people have died in avalanches across the West in the last 10 days, making this month the deadliest January for slides in nearly 20 years. Ten people have died in avalanches across the West in the last 10 days, making this month the deadliest January for slides in nearly 20 years. Colorado Avalanche Information Center reports 14 deaths caused by avalanches across West in last 10 days, making January deadliest month for slides in almost two decades.  

A judge on Monday again denied a request by the Detroit Public Schools to obtain a temporary restraining order for teacher “sickouts” that have closed dozens of buildings this month. A judge on Monday again denied a request by the Detroit Public Schools to obtain a temporary restraining order for teacher “sickouts” that have closed dozens of buildings this month. Michigan State Judge Cynthia Stephens denies second request from Detroit Public Schools  for temporary restraining order against teacher sickouts, which have closed dozens of schools; teacher strikes are illegal in Michigan, but judge rules district did not provide enough evidence to prove sickouts were intentional. 

The justices should take the final step and outlaw life sentences without parole for children. The justices should take the final step and outlaw life sentences without parole for children. Editorial asserts Supreme Court has again affirmed immorality and unconstitutionality of sentencing adolescent criminals as adults with recent ruling that those given mandatory life sentences without possibility of parole as juveniles have right to seek parole; calls on court to outlaw such sentences for children completely.

Sprint is eliminating more jobs as it seeks to cut costs after already cutting about 2,500 jobs since last fall, or about 8 percent of its work force. Sprint is eliminating more jobs as it seeks to cut costs after already cutting about 2,500 jobs since last fall, or about 8 percent of its work force. Sprint announces plans to eliminate another round of layoffs in effort to continue cutting costs. 

Cyprus’s finance minister says the island nation is on track to conclude its multibillion-euro rescue program on time this March, almost three years after receiving the lifeline. Cyprus’s finance minister says the island nation is on track to conclude its multibillion-euro rescue program on time this March, almost three years after receiving the lifeline. Harris Georgiades, finance minister for Cyprus, says nation will complete its multibillion-euro rescue program, initiated in 2013 bailout deal, on time in March. 

Protect the Adirondacks, an environmental group, requested inquiries into the 2013 amendment that allowed NYCO Minerals to conduct open-pit mining on state land. Protect the Adirondacks, an environmental group, requested inquiries into the 2013 amendment that allowed NYCO Minerals to conduct open-pit mining on state land. Offices of the New York attorney general and inspector general say they will not open investigations into 2013 constitutional amendment permitting private company NYCO Minerals to carry out open-pit mining on land in Adirondack Mountains owned by New York State; inquiries were requested by environmental group Protect the Adirondacks, one of several opposing amendment.

Pope Francis will participate in a joint worship service in Sweden as part of a series of events to commemorate the 500th anniversary of the Reformation. Pope Francis will participate in a joint worship service in Sweden as part of a series of events to commemorate the 500th anniversary of the Reformation. Pope Francis plans to worship alongside Lutherans in Sweden at church service marking 500th anniversary of Reformation; move follows Pope's recent statements appealing for unity among Christian churches, and deliberate ecumenical efforts between two denominations in recent decades; critics worry event will celebrate schism.

Siemens raised its full-year outlook for earnings per share after beating market expectations for first-quarter industrial profit, revenue and orders. Siemens raised its full-year outlook for earnings per share after beating market expectations for first-quarter industrial profit, revenue and orders. Siemens raises full-year earnings outlook, saying it expects per share earnings of 6 euros to 6.40 euros, or $6.50 to $6.93, up from projection of 5.90 euros to 6.20 euros made in September.

The yearly gathering of moguls was more sober this year, as China’s deceleration, pitching markets and a depression in oil prices shadowed the mood. The yearly gathering of moguls was more sober this year, as China’s deceleration, pitching markets and a depression in oil prices shadowed the mood. 

Amnesty International said Iran had executed 73 juvenile offenders since 2005, despite pledging in 1994 to end the death penalty for those under 18. Amnesty International said Iran had executed 73 juvenile offenders since 2005, despite pledging in 1994 to end the death penalty for those under 18. Amnesty International report asserts Iran is likely global leader in executing juveniles, despite recent laws aimed at reversing trend; report comes amid Iran's bid for broader participation in global affairs after signing of landmark nuclear accord. 

In highly idealistic terms, Mr. Sanders details his goals and appeals to Iowans a week before their presidential caucuses. In highly idealistic terms, Mr. Sanders details his goals and appeals to Iowans a week before their presidential caucuses. 

Warm, wet winters spawned a locust infestation in dry northern forests. In 10 days, the insects will be mature enough to form flying swarms that devour crops. Warm, wet winters spawned a locust infestation in dry northern forests. In 10 days, the insects will be mature enough to form flying swarms that devour crops. Argentine agricultural authorities struggle to eradicate locusts threatening crops in country's north; worst plague in several decades is largely attributed to failed agricultural policies of former government.

Professor Minsky laid the foundation for the field by demonstrating the possibilities of imparting common-sense reasoning to computers. Professor Minsky laid the foundation for the field by demonstrating the possibilities of imparting common-sense reasoning to computers. Prof Marvin Minsky, noted computer scientist and pioneer in artificial intelligence research, dies at age 88; won 1970 Turing Award and co-founded MIT Artificial Intelligence Project.

In trying to win the Iowa caucuses in a race that has become much tougher than she expected, Mrs. Clinton has tried to be more open and personable with Iowans. In trying to win the Iowa caucuses in a race that has become much tougher than she expected, Mrs. Clinton has tried to be more open and personable with Iowans. Hillary Rodham Clinton, facing unexpected headwinds in Democratic primary campaign, appears to be loosening up, as she did in 2008 campaign; she has begun to be more involved with, and friendlier to, Iowa voters ahead of caucuses.

Two years in, it’s clear that progress in reducing the rate of the uninsured is going to be slower than proponents hoped. But the news isn’t all bad. Two years in, it’s clear that progress in reducing the rate of the uninsured is going to be slower than proponents hoped. But the news isn’t all bad. 

Recent projects in which public housing was renovated by private developers could show a path forward. Recent projects in which public housing was renovated by private developers could show a path forward. Michael Kimmelman Critic's Notebook praises two innovatively designed housing projects, Arverne View and East Harlem Center for Living and Learning, as standards in affordable housing for New York City.

Two cameras owned by the Canadian company UrtheCast are available for surveillance jobs from their low-earth orbit on the International Space Station. Two cameras owned by the Canadian company UrtheCast are available for surveillance jobs from their low-earth orbit on the International Space Station. Private company UrtheCast operates two advanced cameras on Russian side of International Space Station that are capable of space-based surveillance of Earth; company has proposed that technology be used by European Union to help police national borders.

The evidence is slim, but some experts want scientists to investigate whether a virus linked to birth defects and commonly transmitted by mosquitoes could be spread sexually. The evidence is slim, but some experts want scientists to investigate whether a virus linked to birth defects and commonly transmitted by mosquitoes could be spread sexually. Scientists suggest Zika virus, thought to cause infant brain damage and paralysis in adults, may be transmissible through sexual contact, not just mosquitoes; Centers for Disease Control and Prevention call for further study, but say evidence is still too slim to issue formal travel ban. 

She is the American politician most fluent in anger, and she paved the way for Donald J. Trump. She is the American politician most fluent in anger, and she paved the way for Donald J. Trump. Op-Ed article by Nicolle Wallace holds Donald Trump was shrewd to secure endorsement from Sarah Palin; recalls working with Palin during 2008 presidential race and how she drew largest crowds to campaign events by channeling wellspring of anger in Republican base.

A grand jury cleared Planned Parenthood of allegations of misconduct, instead indicting its opponents on charges including tampering with a governmental record. A grand jury cleared Planned Parenthood of allegations of misconduct, instead indicting its opponents on charges including tampering with a governmental record. Houston grand jury probing accusations of misconduct against Planned Parenthood indicts abortion opponents David R Daleiden and Sandra S Merritt, whose organization Center for Medical Progress made undercover videos of organization; videos purportedly show Planned Parenthood officials attempting to illegally profit from sale of fetal tissue; charges include tampering with government records, a felony. 

In his new book, Mr. Bergen finds that most jihadists in the United States are not who we imagine them to be. Some seem to be well-adjusted Americans. In his new book, Mr. Bergen finds that most jihadists in the United States are not who we imagine them to be. Some seem to be well-adjusted Americans. Michiko Kakutani reviews book United States of Jihad: Investigating America's Homegrown Terrorists by Peter Bergen. 

The Chamber Society of Lincoln Center fielded four young pianists, Juho Pohjonen, Orion Weiss, Wu Qian and Alessio Bax, at Alice Tully Hall. The Chamber Society of Lincoln Center fielded four young pianists, Juho Pohjonen, Orion Weiss, Wu Qian and Alessio Bax, at Alice Tully Hall. Zachary Woolfe reviews performance by Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center, featuring pianists Juho Pohjonen, Orion Weiss, Wu Qian and Alessio Bax, at Alice Tully Hall. 

In several states, many government offices and schools remained closed on Monday, many roads had not yet been cleared and trash pickup was postponed. In several states, many government offices and schools remained closed on Monday, many roads had not yet been cleared and trash pickup was postponed. Millions of people face days of digging out from massive snowfall that blanketed Mid-Atlantic states from North Carolina to Massachusetts; historic blizzard brought more than three feet of snow to many areas, and snowplows will remain at work in some cities where roadways remain blocked.

The school said in a statement that the students donned the pillowcases to sing Christmas carols. The school said in a statement that the students donned the pillowcases to sing Christmas carols. Citadel military school in Charleston, SC, disciplines 14 cadets who appeared in Facebook photos wearing pillow cases resembling hoods worn by Ku Klux Klan members.

Each night the Drunk Shakespeare Society gathers with audience members on a library-like set, whereupon one actor downs alcohol, and the play commences. Each night the Drunk Shakespeare Society gathers with audience members on a library-like set, whereupon one actor downs alcohol, and the play commences. Neil Genzlinger reviews show Drunk Shakespeare, featuring version of Shakespeare's Macbeth, performed by Drunk Shakespeare Society at Roy Arias Stages.

Amid a rising tide of older adults, there are fewer specialists to treat them. Most residents would rather do something else. Amid a rising tide of older adults, there are fewer specialists to treat them. Most residents would rather do something else. Number of geriatricians across United States is shrinking even as need for specialty grows, driven by longer lifespans; popularity of field, one of lowest-paying speciaities in medicine, has fallen, with some doctors arguing geriatricians are unnecessary; experts say Medicare's low reimbursement rates make sustaining a geriatric practice difficult. 

Donovan, hired as Oklahoma City’s coach last year, has emphasized communication and building relationships, and the result has been high-level basketball, with 22 wins in his last 27 games. Donovan, hired as Oklahoma City’s coach last year, has emphasized communication and building relationships, and the result has been high-level basketball, with 22 wins in his last 27 games. Oklahoma City Thunder coach Billy Donovan has taken hands-on approach to guiding team forward after injury-marred 2014-15 season; hopes to take team to championships and to re-sign forward Kevin Durant, who will soon be free agent.

Ecologists restoring parts of San Francisco Bay are guided by tattered maps, old snapshots, even paintings of a vanished world. Ecologists restoring parts of San Francisco Bay are guided by tattered maps, old snapshots, even paintings of a vanished world. Nonprofit San Francisco Estuary Institute is searching historic records to uncover pre-development state of Bay Area and  Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta watershed in effort to help guide its restoration; information from sources, including pioneer diaries, historic maps and early aerial photos, has been fed into database to create fuller picture; goal is to restore vanished ecological functions and prepare area for climate change.

The opening concert of this weeklong centennial event featured the New Juilliard Ensemble in an improbable world premiere. The opening concert of this weeklong centennial event featured the New Juilliard Ensemble in an improbable world premiere. Anthony Tommasini reviews concert by New Juilliard Ensemble performing world premiere of Milton Babbitt 1976 unfinished work Concerti for Violin, Orchestra and Synthesized Sound, completed by composers Jonathan Dawe and Nathan Prillaman, at Peter Jay Sharp Theater as part of Focus! festival. 

In his will, Maurice Sendak called for his home to become “a museum or similar facility,” but four years after his death there is no consensus plan. In his will, Maurice Sendak called for his home to become “a museum or similar facility,” but four years after his death there is no consensus plan. Plans to make Ridgefield, Conn, a tourist destination for fans of children’s book author Maurice Sendak proceed at sluggish pace; proposal by late writer’s foundation to turn his home into museum is waiting municipal approval, while local community groups continue searching for separate site to serve as exhibition outpost. 

More than 15,000 people demonstrated on Sunday after a new prime minister, Pavel Filip, was named to lead the country’s third government in a year. More than 15,000 people demonstrated on Sunday after a new prime minister, Pavel Filip, was named to lead the country’s third government in a year. Political opponents join forces to protest Moldova's fledgling government; demonstration in Chisinau, former Soviet republic's capital, draws thousands denouncing new Prime Min Pavel Filip, who is seen as beholden to influential businessman Vlad Plahotniuc; economically tottering country is reeling from series of recent corruption scandals.

Readers react to articles in Science Times. Readers react to articles in Science Times. 

Post-traumatic arthritis is a leading cause of disability, especially for wounded soldiers, but a way to prevent it has not been proven. Post-traumatic arthritis is a leading cause of disability, especially for wounded soldiers, but a way to prevent it has not been proven. Science Q&A explains why arthritis develops in joints that have undergone earlier trauma.

The attack, in which one of the women was critically wounded, was the third inside a West Bank settlement in eight days. The attack, in which one of the women was critically wounded, was the third inside a West Bank settlement in eight days. Israeli police report stabbing of two Israeli women, one of whom was severely wounded, by two Palestinian assailants; is third stabbing attacks in occupied West Bank in eight days, all of which targeted women.

In a nod to his quartet’s role on that new album, Mr. McCaslin invoked Mr. Bowie’s influence and memory at the Village Vanguard. In a nod to his quartet’s role on that new album, Mr. McCaslin invoked Mr. Bowie’s influence and memory at the Village Vanguard. Nate Chinen reviews jazz concert performed by Donny McCaslin Quartet at Village Vanguard. 

This comedic web series from Jessie Kahnweiler is about a feminist YouTube star who struggles with bulimia. This comedic web series from Jessie Kahnweiler is about a feminist YouTube star who struggles with bulimia. 

The Supreme Court clarified a 2012 ruling and created the possibility of release for some older inmates serving life sentences for killings committed when they were young. The Supreme Court clarified a 2012 ruling and created the possibility of release for some older inmates serving life sentences for killings committed when they were young. Supreme Court rules that its 2012 decision banning mandatory life-without-parole sentences for juvenile killers must be applied retroactively, giving thousands of inmates chance to be resentenced or to argue for parole.

One reader says as a “moderate pragmatist” he’s a “sensible choice”; another says his candidacy “would only worsen the political dysfunction.” One reader says as a “moderate pragmatist” he’s a “sensible choice”; another says his candidacy “would only worsen the political dysfunction.” 

The moonshine-making Farrell family of Kentucky fights to keep its land in this 13-episode series on WGN America. The moonshine-making Farrell family of Kentucky fights to keep its land in this 13-episode series on WGN America. Mike Hale reviews WGN America television series Outsiders, starring Thomas M Wright and Joe Anderson. 

The prosecution and the defense presented opening statements in the trial of Peter Liang, who in 2014 shot his gun down an unlit stairwell in a housing project, killing Mr. Gurley, who was unarmed. The prosecution and the defense presented opening statements in the trial of Peter Liang, who in 2014 shot his gun down an unlit stairwell in a housing project, killing Mr. Gurley, who was unarmed. Melissa Lopez, resident of housing project in East New York, Brooklyn, where Police Officer Peter Liang shot and killed Akai Gurley, takes stand in Liang's trail on manslaughter charges; Lopez was present at scene after shooting and attempted to revive Gurley.

Researchers tested 39 species of carnivores in zoos to see which were best at opening a puzzle box containing a treat. Researchers tested 39 species of carnivores in zoos to see which were best at opening a puzzle box containing a treat. 

Readers discuss the competitive pressures faced by high school students, which are addressed in a new report. Readers discuss the competitive pressures faced by high school students, which are addressed in a new report. 

An unsual survey identifies many of the bugs living with us in our houses. An unsual survey identifies many of the bugs living with us in our houses. Study in journal PeerJ finds humans share homes with hundreds of species of flies, spiders, beetles, lice and other arthropods.

The law in North Carolina requires voters to produce one of six types of identification, but opponents, including the Justice Department, say it suppresses votes. The law in North Carolina requires voters to produce one of six types of identification, but opponents, including the Justice Department, say it suppresses votes. Federal civil trial begins over North Carolina's voter identification law, which requires voters to produce one of six accepted credentials or to submit provisional ballot; supporters say requirements safeguard against potential fraud; opponents of law, including Justice Dept, cite parts of Voting Rights Act in arguing against it, saying law suppresses voices of black and Hispanic voters.

Melissa A. Click, an assistant professor who tried to remove journalists from a campus protest last year, was charged with misdemeanor assault on Monday. Melissa A. Click, an assistant professor who tried to remove journalists from a campus protest last year, was charged with misdemeanor assault on Monday. Melissa A Click, assistant professor at University of Missouri, is charged with misdemeanor assault for trying to remove journalists from campus during 2015 protest calling for increased awareness of racial issues; school’s interim chancellor Henry C Foley dismisses calls for Click’s immediate firing, but says charge will be factor in review of her application for tenure.

New I.O.C. guidelines say transgender athletes should be allowed to take part in international events without undergoing sex reassignment surgery. New I.O.C. guidelines say transgender athletes should be allowed to take part in international events without undergoing sex reassignment surgery. 

A former county prosecutor, Todd Flood, will assess whether state laws were broken when Flint switched the source of its drinking water. A former county prosecutor, Todd Flood, will assess whether state laws were broken when Flint switched the source of its drinking water. 

The $6 million-a-week spending pace is only likely to intensify in the final days, but the torrent of commercials may be turning off as many voters as it persuades. The $6 million-a-week spending pace is only likely to intensify in the final days, but the torrent of commercials may be turning off as many voters as it persuades. Presidential hopefuls are spending estimated $6 million per week on television commercials trying to appeal to Iowans, and amount is only likely to increase as countdown to Iowa caucus nears.

The newspaper’s parent outlined a three-year plan to increase revenue from readers and improve advertising offerings, among other steps. The newspaper’s parent outlined a three-year plan to increase revenue from readers and improve advertising offerings, among other steps. British newspaper The Guardian says it will slash costs in attempt to reduce its losses and break even at operating level in three years; will renew online focus.

With an expected $500 million in yearly savings and a low 11 percent premium for Tyco’s owners, the deal's tax savings are gravy, not meat. With an expected $500 million in yearly savings and a low 11 percent premium for Tyco’s owners, the deal's tax savings are gravy, not meat. 

The Canadiens look to enter the All-Star break on a high note; the streaking Devils face the Mike Sullivan-coached Penguins for the first time. The Canadiens look to enter the All-Star break on a high note; the streaking Devils face the Mike Sullivan-coached Penguins for the first time. 

The first scientific census of the African population finds that there are nearly one million in communities threatened by encroaching societies. The first scientific census of the African population finds that there are nearly one million in communities threatened by encroaching societies. Survey by consortium of scientific researchers shows forest communities inhabited by 920,000 remaining pygmies in central Africa are threatened by logging, mining and clearing of land. 

Long thought of by some fans as a big-market club with a small-market wallet that paid little heed to its history, the Mets appeared to be making amends with their recent moves. Long thought of by some fans as a big-market club with a small-market wallet that paid little heed to its history, the Mets appeared to be making amends with their recent moves. Richard Sandomir On Baseball column remarks on new, more generous approach by New York Mets owners Fred and Jeff Wilpon; notes decision to retire Mike Piazza's No 31 jersey, honor team has not bestowed in 28 years, and $75 million, three-year contract reached with Yoenis Cespedes.

With the stock below its I.P.O. price and its chief executive, Jack Dorsey, also running Square, a takeover could spare Twitter a fate like Yahoo’s. With the stock below its I.P.O. price and its chief executive, Jack Dorsey, also running Square, a takeover could spare Twitter a fate like Yahoo’s. 

Ted Cruz was seen as a clear favorite until only a few weeks ago, but the polls now tilt toward Mr. Trump — as do, improbably, the party elites. Ted Cruz was seen as a clear favorite until only a few weeks ago, but the polls now tilt toward Mr. Trump — as do, improbably, the party elites. The Upshot; victory for Donald Trump in Iowa could make Trump's eventual path to nomination far more plausible than ever before, in part because much of conventional wisdom holding Trump stands no chance is predicated on belief Republican establishment will not support him.

Assemblyman Charles D. Lavine says he was not silent on the need for reform. Assemblyman Charles D. Lavine says he was not silent on the need for reform. 

The contrasts of quarterbacks Peyton Manning, the Broncos’ old-school pocket passer, and Cam Newton, the Panthers’ young, scrambling improviser, will be the game’s main story line. The contrasts of quarterbacks Peyton Manning, the Broncos’ old-school pocket passer, and Cam Newton, the Panthers’ young, scrambling improviser, will be the game’s main story line. Bill Pennington On Pro Football column compares quarterbacks Peyton Manning of Denver Broncos and Cam Newton of Carolina Panthers; suggests upcoming Super Bowl between teams represents passing of torch from one football generation to another.

The firm has hired Kenneth T. Berliner, a retail specialist who was most recently the president of Peter J. Solomon Company. The firm has hired Kenneth T. Berliner, a retail specialist who was most recently the president of Peter J. Solomon Company. 

A political analyst writes that the strategy “has led to the explosion of violence and criminal activity” in Mexico. A political analyst writes that the strategy “has led to the explosion of violence and criminal activity” in Mexico. 

Child welfare advocates write that “children do best in families, so systems need to invest in finding and supporting foster families and relatives.” Child welfare advocates write that “children do best in families, so systems need to invest in finding and supporting foster families and relatives.” 

The Angkor Panorama Museum is the most ambitious foreign project by the Mansudae Art Studio in Pyongyang, which employs hundreds of North Korean artists. The Angkor Panorama Museum is the most ambitious foreign project by the Mansudae Art Studio in Pyongyang, which employs hundreds of North Korean artists. Newly opened Angkor Panorama Museum in Siem Reap, Cambodia, features 360-degree mural painted by 63 North Korean artists from Mansudae, North Korea’s largest and most prestigious art studio.

The envoy, Staffan de Mistura, said the talks in Geneva, aimed at a general cease-fire, would be “uphill” and declined to identify who was invited. The envoy, Staffan de Mistura, said the talks in Geneva, aimed at a general cease-fire, would be “uphill” and declined to identify who was invited. United Nations sets new date for Geneva peace talks aimed at resolving conflict in Syria; offers no details on crucial questions of which opposition groups would be invited to table, or about future role of Pres Bashar al-Assad.

The suits claim Disney and two consulting companies broke the law by using temporary visas to bring in foreign workers, knowing Americans would be displaced. The suits claim Disney and two consulting companies broke the law by using temporary visas to bring in foreign workers, knowing Americans would be displaced. Leo Perrero and Dena Moore, who were laid off from technology jobs at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Fla, file federal lawsuits claiming Disney and global consulting companies HCL and Cognizant broke law by using temporary visas to bring in foreign workers, knowing Americans would be displaced.

The justice ruled that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission could encourage electricity users to adopt “demand response” programs. The justice ruled that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission could encourage electricity users to adopt “demand response” programs. Supreme Court rules Federal Energy Regulatory Commission can encourage electricity users like hospitals, schools and shopping malls to cut consumption at peak times in exchange for price cuts.

An independent analysis of the trade deal suggested that displacement of workers in industries most vulnerable to competition would be relatively small. An independent analysis of the trade deal suggested that displacement of workers in industries most vulnerable to competition would be relatively small. Peterson Institute for International Economics study says wide-ranging trade pact among dozen Pacific Rim nations will increase incomes, exports and growth in United States; says overall employment is not likely to increase.

Investigators have shared photos depicting how they think three inmates may have escaped from a maximum-security jail in Santa Ana, Calif. Investigators have shared photos depicting how they think three inmates may have escaped from a maximum-security jail in Santa Ana, Calif. 

Mayor Bill de Blasio praised the Department of Sanitation for its work over the weekend even as he acknowledged that some communities, including some in Queens, still needed assistance. Mayor Bill de Blasio praised the Department of Sanitation for its work over the weekend even as he acknowledged that some communities, including some in Queens, still needed assistance. Pockets of New York City, particularly in Queens, are still struggling to dig out from under mounds of snow dumped on city by blizzard; lack of snow-clearing service earns complaints from residents and charges of neglect aimed at Mayor Bill de Blasio.

The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Peter Jesper Dahlin, held this month on charges of violating security laws, had made “a full and frank confession.” The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Peter Jesper Dahlin, held this month on charges of violating security laws, had made “a full and frank confession.” Chinese officials will expel Swedish human rights activist Peter Jesper Dahlin, claiming he admitted to assisting criminal efforts harmful to Chinese national security; Western observers worry activist's televised confession was made under duress, and raise concerns over China's broader campaign against human rights advocacy.

Mr. Shkreli plans to assert the Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination to refuse to answer questions and turn over corporate documents. Mr. Shkreli plans to assert the Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination to refuse to answer questions and turn over corporate documents. 

Radwanska, the first player to reach the final four at the Australian Open, will face Serena Williams. In the men’s draw, Milos Raonic used a serve-and-volley game plan to beat Stan Wawrinka. Radwanska, the first player to reach the final four at the Australian Open, will face Serena Williams. In the men’s draw, Milos Raonic used a serve-and-volley game plan to beat Stan Wawrinka. 

For Murray, the medical problems of his father-in-law, Nigel Sears, and the impending birth of his first child have added to the weight of playing in the Australian Open. For Murray, the medical problems of his father-in-law, Nigel Sears, and the impending birth of his first child have added to the weight of playing in the Australian Open. Christopher Clarey On Tennis column highlights personal challenges faced by Andy Murray as he competes in Australian Open, namely impending birth of his first child and his father's medical issues.

From Donatella Versace’s “athletic couture” to tweaking Dior hallmarks, the season begins with a nod to relevance. From Donatella Versace’s “athletic couture” to tweaking Dior hallmarks, the season begins with a nod to relevance. 

Marci Clark, an architectural historian, helps transform old buildings by researching their secrets. Marci Clark, an architectural historian, helps transform old buildings by researching their secrets. Appraisal column; Marci Clark, architectural historian and director at JDS Development Group, provides depth of knowledge about history of Manhattan building sites that is helping company sell units in modern apartment towers bringing new chapter to city's story; while commercially-motivated, JDS is rare in its attention to past.

The race was thought to be down to “The Revenant” and “Spotlight, but this victory changes the picture. Many Producers Guild winners go on to best picture. The race was thought to be down to “The Revenant” and “Spotlight, but this victory changes the picture. Many Producers Guild winners go on to best picture. Cara Buckley The Carpetbagger column contends film The Big Short is favorite for best picture Oscar now that movie won Producers Guild of America’s top award.

There are many reasons having a financial plan is valuable, but maybe the most significant is that it can help you understand how to react to volatile markets. There are many reasons having a financial plan is valuable, but maybe the most significant is that it can help you understand how to react to volatile markets. 

Scientists in Shanghai are trying to locate the deficiency in the ‘brain circuits’ responsible for autism-like behavior found in genetically engineered monkeys. Scientists in Shanghai are trying to locate the deficiency in the ‘brain circuits’ responsible for autism-like behavior found in genetically engineered monkeys. Chinese scientists, in study published in journal Nature, report having genetically engineered monkeys to manifest behaviors similar to that of autism, in effort to better understand disorder; experts point out limitations of research involving injection of human gene linked to autism into monkeys; previous experiments on mice were limited by simplicity of mouse's brains and short lifespan.

Guests had been told to bring identification for entry to the shows, but for the most part, it hasn’t been needed. Guests had been told to bring identification for entry to the shows, but for the most part, it hasn’t been needed. 

Mr. Worsley abandoned his 1,000-mile trek only 30 miles from his goal after suffering from exhaustion and dehydration. Mr. Worsley abandoned his 1,000-mile trek only 30 miles from his goal after suffering from exhaustion and dehydration. Henry Worsley, British explorer and adventurer, dies at age 55 after falling just short of goal to be first person to cross Antarctica unassisted and on foot; former career soldier was inspired by Ernest Shackleton and made trek to raise money to support wounded service members.

There has been no news from Li Xin since Jan. 11, and his wife and others fear that Thai officials secretly turned him over to the Chinese authorities. There has been no news from Li Xin since Jan. 11, and his wife and others fear that Thai officials secretly turned him over to the Chinese authorities. Wife and supporters of dissident Chinese journalist Li Xin, who disappeared while traveling through Thailand, fear Thai authorities returned him to China; experts suggest series of recent renditions of asylum seekers, besides being violation of international law, reflects Thai regime's desire to curry economic and political favor with China.

But the landmark study also found persistent discrimination against the so-called visible minorities in France, mainly those of African origin. But the landmark study also found persistent discrimination against the so-called visible minorities in France, mainly those of African origin. 

The who, what, where and when of this year’s big game. The who, what, where and when of this year’s big game. 

McDonald’s bucked the downward trend after the company reported a sharp rise in sales. McDonald’s bucked the downward trend after the company reported a sharp rise in sales. Stocks slump as oil prices drop again.

Apple provides the software to move your files from an old Mac to a new one, but you need to provide the connection. Apple provides the software to move your files from an old Mac to a new one, but you need to provide the connection. 

The fast-food chain also benefited from mild weather in the fourth quarter. The fast-food chain also benefited from mild weather in the fourth quarter. McDonald's reports fourth-quarter profit of $1.2 billion, or $1.31 a share, up 10 percent from $1.1 billion, or $1.13 a share, in year-ago quarter; cites all-day breakfast menu as factor.

The mayor, seeing that Corsico had a debt of over a million euros in unpaid lunch fees, decided that children whose parents had not paid would not be allowed to eat cafeteria-prepared meals. The mayor, seeing that Corsico had a debt of over a million euros in unpaid lunch fees, decided that children whose parents had not paid would not be allowed to eat cafeteria-prepared meals. Corsico Journal; mayor of small Italian town of Corsico refuses to provide school lunches to families behind on their school fees; community is divided over issue, which reflects deeper economic malaise in Italy, society where food is sacrosanct; critics worry policy will harm disadvantaged children who most benefit from meal.

His initial venture into presidential politics both installed Mr. Cruz as a creature of the Republican establishment and helped begin his divorce from it. His initial venture into presidential politics both installed Mr. Cruz as a creature of the Republican establishment and helped begin his divorce from it. Sen Ted Cruz's role as young policy adviser in George W Bush's 2000 presidential election vote recount, although minor, helped shape his dual image as both member of Republican establishment and political outsider; former colleagues says Cruz's high intelligence, ambition and impeccable insider credentials have helped him remain Republican presidential contender.

J. Michael Pearson, who is also Valeant’s chairman, was hospitalized in late December with what the pharmaceutical giant has described as pneumonia. J. Michael Pearson, who is also Valeant’s chairman, was hospitalized in late December with what the pharmaceutical giant has described as pneumonia. Valeant Pharmaceuticals chief executive J Michael Pearson says he is 'on road to recovery' following hospitalization, but is uncertain when he will return to work.

With its domicile in Ireland, the merged company will be able to save about $150 million in taxes a year. With its domicile in Ireland, the merged company will be able to save about $150 million in taxes a year. American auto parts supplier Johnson Controls agrees to merge with Tyco International, and will relocate its headquarters to Ireland, where corporate taxes are lower.

His Iowa challenge: Many of his supporters are young, and the young don’t have a great record of voting, especially in a caucus state. His Iowa challenge: Many of his supporters are young, and the young don’t have a great record of voting, especially in a caucus state. The Upshot; Sen Bernie Sanders seems to be unusually dependent on turnout from infrequent voters, mostly because of his strong support from young people; challenge of getting vote out is most evident in Iowa caucuses.

We sent our reporter Trip Gabriel to live in Iowa. Here’s what he’s watching for as the caucuses near. We sent our reporter Trip Gabriel to live in Iowa. Here’s what he’s watching for as the caucuses near. 

Although the conference title games largely lacked disputed calls by the officials, week after week this season, fans and teams were riled by calls that were questionable or even flat-out weird. Although the conference title games largely lacked disputed calls by the officials, week after week this season, fans and teams were riled by calls that were questionable or even flat-out weird. NFL season has been characterized by number of calls that have incensed fans, coaches and players; ten notably contentious calls highlighted and explained.

Hospitals are better at preventing deaths, and yet parents may have legitimate reasons for not having deliveries there. Hospitals are better at preventing deaths, and yet parents may have legitimate reasons for not having deliveries there. 

The president told Politico that politics were “meaner” than in 2008, and discussed the Democratic contest between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. The president told Politico that politics were “meaner” than in 2008, and discussed the Democratic contest between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. Pres Obama says, in interview for Politico podcast, Republican Party has moved so far right that it is almost unrecognizable; expresses hope voters in Iowa primaries and later elections will move GOP closer to middle-range policies and politics. 

At the Sundance Film Festival, where the talk was of the academy’s voting changes, the director explains why she hates the word “diversity.” At the Sundance Film Festival, where the talk was of the academy’s voting changes, the director explains why she hates the word “diversity.” 

Humans need oxygen, but the link between higher altitudes, where there’s less of it, and a lower incidence of lung cancer is growing stronger. Humans need oxygen, but the link between higher altitudes, where there’s less of it, and a lower incidence of lung cancer is growing stronger. Research shows people living at higher altitudes have lower incidence of lung cancer, and suggest lower levels of oxygen, with decreased oxidation of cells, may be reason.

Airbus orders, likely to be partly financed with loans from European export-credit agencies, could be announced as early as this week, an official said. Airbus orders, likely to be partly financed with loans from European export-credit agencies, could be announced as early as this week, an official said. Airbus says it is in discussions with Iran over sale of dozens of new commercial aircraft, among first of new international business agreements for country since it agreed to nuclear deal; companies in United States express caution in dealing with Iran.

Researchers are relying on radiocarbon from bomb tests decades ago to learn more about endangered hawksbill turtles in the Hawaiian Islands. Researchers are relying on radiocarbon from bomb tests decades ago to learn more about endangered hawksbill turtles in the Hawaiian Islands. Study in journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B uses radiocarbons from nuclear weapons tests, which have accumulated in shells of hawksbill sea turtles, to estimate turtles' age, growth rates and reproductive maturity; data, which is being used to pinpoint why some populations of world's seven marine turtle species have failed to bounce back, points to late maturity and poor food sources.

Palin speaks of "squirmishes" in the Middle East. It's January and 2016 is already cause to squirm. Palin speaks of "squirmishes" in the Middle East. It's January and 2016 is already cause to squirm. 

From the styles on the court, you’re going to be seeing a lot of color — fire opal orange to parakeet yellow. From the styles on the court, you’re going to be seeing a lot of color — fire opal orange to parakeet yellow. 

As Mayor Bill de Blasio and Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo were lauded for their coordinated response to the storm, the mayor sought to head off criticism that streets in Queens were seemingly untouched. As Mayor Bill de Blasio and Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo were lauded for their coordinated response to the storm, the mayor sought to head off criticism that streets in Queens were seemingly untouched. New York Gov Andrew Cuomo and New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio receive praise for largely effective coordinated response to blizzard, signaling rare moment of accord between leaders; travel ban is credited with helping to avoid mishaps and overall strategy may provide model for future storms.

Plunging prices are revealing how much nations, hailed in recent years as perhaps having outgrown their roots in raw materials, still depend on those commodities. Plunging prices are revealing how much nations, hailed in recent years as perhaps having outgrown their roots in raw materials, still depend on those commodities. Africa's promising recent economic growth stalls as China's economic slowdown decreases need for continent's raw materials; countries that had diversified their economies have brighter prospects for continued growth, and some call for revision of Africa's economic relations with China in light of new realities.

The temblor caused some material damage in southern Spain and northern Morocco, although no deaths or injuries were reported. The temblor caused some material damage in southern Spain and northern Morocco, although no deaths or injuries were reported. 

At Sundance premiere, documentary makers seek to take the spotlight off the politician Anthony D. Weiner and his wife, the Clinton aide Huma Abedin. At Sundance premiere, documentary makers seek to take the spotlight off the politician Anthony D. Weiner and his wife, the Clinton aide Huma Abedin. 

Few of the modern complaints about American health care are really new, the historian Nancy Tomes writes in her book. Few of the modern complaints about American health care are really new, the historian Nancy Tomes writes in her book. Dr Abigail Zuger reviews book Remaking the American Patient: How Madison Avenue and Modern Medicine Turned Patients Into Consumers by Nancy Tomes.

A Neolithic community buried its members in layers. Those on top died unhappily, it appears. A Neolithic community buried its members in layers. Those on top died unhappily, it appears. Study in journal PLoS One reports bodies in 6,000-year-old tomb in Northern Spain are buried in layers according to familial connections and manner of death.

Dr. Lucy Kalanithi made sure Paul’s final thoughts led to the book “When Breath Becomes Air,” and has continued his conversation on living and dying. Dr. Lucy Kalanithi made sure Paul’s final thoughts led to the book “When Breath Becomes Air,” and has continued his conversation on living and dying. Interview with Dr Lucy Kalanithi, wife of Dr Paul Kalanithi, neurosurgeon who died of metastatic lung cancer; a physician herself, Kalanithi completed work her husband had begun, seeing book When Breath Becomes Air, about her husband's decline, to completion; discusses book's immense success and its impact on growing conversation about medicine, death and dying.

Prairie voles demonstrate sympathetic behavior, scientists find. Prairie voles demonstrate sympathetic behavior, scientists find. Study in journal Science reports prairie voles console one another when distressed due to presence of oxytocin in brain, promoting sympathetic behavior.

For “The Hateful Eight,” a designer draws on history and spaghetti westerns, but the screenplay is the final word on how characters are outfitted. For “The Hateful Eight,” a designer draws on history and spaghetti westerns, but the screenplay is the final word on how characters are outfitted. 

Surprising and delightful interiors, belonging to the most interesting people in fashion, art, architecture, society and design. Surprising and delightful interiors, belonging to the most interesting people in fashion, art, architecture, society and design. 

La divisa estadounidense se fortalece en medio de una economía global de crisis cíclicas y nuevos retos. La divisa estadounidense se fortalece en medio de una economía global de crisis cíclicas y nuevos retos. 

Los nuevos líderes de la Asamblea Nacional están usando las mismas maniobras populistas que antes criticaban. Los nuevos líderes de la Asamblea Nacional están usando las mismas maniobras populistas que antes criticaban. 

Mr. Kennedy defended John Gotti Sr., Huey P. Newton and Timothy Leary and won freedom for Jean S. Harris, who killed the Scarsdale Diet doctor. Mr. Kennedy defended John Gotti Sr., Huey P. Newton and Timothy Leary and won freedom for Jean S. Harris, who killed the Scarsdale Diet doctor. Michael J Kennedy, criminal defense attorney whose clients included Cesar Chavez, Timothy Leary, Huey P Newton, John Gotti, and Jean S Harris, dies at age 78. 

How the lives of six residents intersected with the campaigns in the last week. How the lives of six residents intersected with the campaigns in the last week. 

Gifts for adventurous newlyweds who go on safaris, or those who prefer to enjoy “wildlife” at home. Gifts for adventurous newlyweds who go on safaris, or those who prefer to enjoy “wildlife” at home. 

When Electrolux closed its factory in an Iowa town, residents learned how globalization is more than just a buzzword tossed about during presidential caucuses. When Electrolux closed its factory in an Iowa town, residents learned how globalization is more than just a buzzword tossed about during presidential caucuses. 

The criminal complaint against eight arrested on Tuesday night. The criminal complaint against eight arrested on Tuesday night. 

 Speaking near the South Carolina capital, Donald J. Trump made only a brief mention of his dispute with Fox News and its anchor Megyn Kelly. Speaking near the South Carolina capital, Donald J. Trump made only a brief mention of his dispute with Fox News and its anchor Megyn Kelly.

 Bill O’Reilly said he thought Mr. Trump had erred in skipping the final face-off before the Iowa caucuses and defended Megyn Kelly, but he couldn’t change the candidate’s mind. Bill O’Reilly said he thought Mr. Trump had erred in skipping the final face-off before the Iowa caucuses and defended Megyn Kelly, but he couldn’t change the candidate’s mind.

 Elizabeth C. Gorski throws a party. Elizabeth C. Gorski throws a party.

 The auction house sold $24,128,750 worth of Old Mastes artworks from the collection of its former chairman. That left it with a loss of $3 million, resulting from the hefty guarantee it had given his heirs. The auction house sold $24,128,750 worth of Old Mastes artworks from the collection of its former chairman. That left it with a loss of $3 million, resulting from the hefty guarantee it had given his heirs.

 Mr. Trump’s campaign manager said he had heard from other candidates about attending the event Mr. Trump will hold at the same time as the presidential debate he is skipping. Mr. Trump’s campaign manager said he had heard from other candidates about attending the event Mr. Trump will hold at the same time as the presidential debate he is skipping.

After Tuesday’s arrests and shooting of an anti-government protester near the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, what happens next? After Tuesday’s arrests and shooting of an anti-government protester near the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, what happens next? 

 Mr. Christie has long criticized Mr. Rubio for lacking executive experience, but he has dialed up his attacks, deriding the senator as a political lightweight in a tone that verges on contempt. Mr. Christie has long criticized Mr. Rubio for lacking executive experience, but he has dialed up his attacks, deriding the senator as a political lightweight in a tone that verges on contempt.

 Donald J. Trump is moving forward with his Thursday night campaign event, which will serve as counter-programming for the Republican presidential debate that he is skipping. Donald J. Trump is moving forward with his Thursday night campaign event, which will serve as counter-programming for the Republican presidential debate that he is skipping.

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

A federal investigation of Theranos found in January that it violated several clinical standards, including one that it said posed an immediate threat to patient safety. A federal investigation of Theranos found in January that it violated several clinical standards, including one that it said posed an immediate threat to patient safety. 

 Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont has said he plans to release his medical records before the Iowa caucuses on Monday. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont has said he plans to release his medical records before the Iowa caucuses on Monday.

Couture from the designer who created Rihanna’s gown for the 2015 Met Gala. Couture from the designer who created Rihanna’s gown for the 2015 Met Gala. 

The designer’s feminine spring/summer 2016 collection included tulle, organza, silk — and jewels on everything from crinoline lace dresses to socks and stockings. The designer’s feminine spring/summer 2016 collection included tulle, organza, silk — and jewels on everything from crinoline lace dresses to socks and stockings. 

 Photos from Germany, Poland, Greece and China. Photos from Germany, Poland, Greece and China.

Germany and More – Pictures of the Day Germany and More – Pictures of the Day 

 One percent of all doctors account for 32 percent of all paid malpractice claims. One percent of all doctors account for 32 percent of all paid malpractice claims.

 Donald J. Trump gave one reason for his decision to bolt from Thursday night’s debate on Fox News. There may have been others. Donald J. Trump gave one reason for his decision to bolt from Thursday night’s debate on Fox News. There may have been others.

Plus: The mood ring’s makeover, Lena Dunham on the campaign trail and reversible bags, furry charms and abstract watches from Opening Ceremony and Fossil. Plus: The mood ring’s makeover, Lena Dunham on the campaign trail and reversible bags, furry charms and abstract watches from Opening Ceremony and Fossil. 

Apps like Happn, Bumble and Glimpse offer an alternative to Tinder. Apps like Happn, Bumble and Glimpse offer an alternative to Tinder. 

A Dominique Lévy Gallery exhibition builds on a seminal 1976 MoMA show. A Dominique Lévy Gallery exhibition builds on a seminal 1976 MoMA show. 

José Luis Pereira, the proprietor of Tres Rosas Amarillas in the city’s Malasaña neighborhood, encourages lingering at his little shop of wonders. José Luis Pereira, the proprietor of Tres Rosas Amarillas in the city’s Malasaña neighborhood, encourages lingering at his little shop of wonders. 

Couture designs from Pierpaolo Piccioli and Maria Grazia Chiuri. Couture designs from Pierpaolo Piccioli and Maria Grazia Chiuri. 

 In this lesson, we provide a primer on the presidential nomination process using resources from The New York Times and around the Web, so students won’t just understand how candidates get nominated, but they will be challenged to think deeply about how the system works. In this lesson, we provide a primer on the presidential nomination process using resources from The New York Times and around the Web, so students won’t just understand how candidates get nominated, but they will be challenged to think deeply about how the system works.

 After Senator Bernie Sanders and President Obama met for more than 45 minutes, the senator said the president was not trying to tip the scales against him. After Senator Bernie Sanders and President Obama met for more than 45 minutes, the senator said the president was not trying to tip the scales against him.

 Hillary Clinton stopped in at a bowling alley here on Wednesday owned by Bryce Smith, a 23-year-old she met on her first visit to the state as a 2016 candidate. Hillary Clinton stopped in at a bowling alley here on Wednesday owned by Bryce Smith, a 23-year-old she met on her first visit to the state as a 2016 candidate.

 DeepMind, a research organization, said that a program combining two separate algorithms had soundly defeated a high-ranking professional Go player. DeepMind, a research organization, said that a program combining two separate algorithms had soundly defeated a high-ranking professional Go player.

 Everyone is corrupt! Everyone is corrupt!

Ulyana Sergeenko’s vision for couture 2016. Ulyana Sergeenko’s vision for couture 2016. 

Social media reaction seemed negative to the casting of a white actor in the half-hour TV show, “Elizabeth, Michael & Marlon.” Social media reaction seemed negative to the casting of a white actor in the half-hour TV show, “Elizabeth, Michael & Marlon.” White actor Joseph Fiennes is cast as black pop star Michael Jackson in upcoming British television comedy Elizabeth, Michael & Marlon.

Corbis sold its enormous archive, which includes a treasure house of famous historical photographs, to a Chinese company, Visual China Group. Corbis sold its enormous archive, which includes a treasure house of famous historical photographs, to a Chinese company, Visual China Group. 

Viktor & Rolf presents couture 2016. Viktor & Rolf presents couture 2016. 

A handwritten letter dated May 29, 1962, by Adolf Eichmann to the president of Israel asking for a pardon and commutation of his death sentence for war crimes was released to the public for the first time on Wednesday. A handwritten letter dated May 29, 1962, by Adolf Eichmann to the president of Israel asking for a pardon and commutation of his death sentence for war crimes was released to the public for the first time on Wednesday. 

The designer showed a series of nature-inspired looks, with organic accents and embellishments. The designer showed a series of nature-inspired looks, with organic accents and embellishments. 

A French government spokesman reacted to the resignation of Justice Minister Christiane Taubira after she clashed with others in government over a controversial counterterrorism proposal. A French government spokesman reacted to the resignation of Justice Minister Christiane Taubira after she clashed with others in government over a controversial counterterrorism proposal. 

 He’s brought up the issue at least 103 times over nearly thirty years, according to a Washington Post analysis. He’s brought up the issue at least 103 times over nearly thirty years, according to a Washington Post analysis.

 People with irregular heartbeats are often advised to give up caffeine, but a new study suggests they may not have to forgo their coffee. People with irregular heartbeats are often advised to give up caffeine, but a new study suggests they may not have to forgo their coffee.

The latest couture designs from Jean Paul Gaultier. The latest couture designs from Jean Paul Gaultier. 

 Erwin Wurm’s “One Minute Sculptures,” blueprints for visitors to enact their own short performances, is coming to the MAK Center for Art and Architecture. Erwin Wurm’s “One Minute Sculptures,” blueprints for visitors to enact their own short performances, is coming to the MAK Center for Art and Architecture.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Vichy French leaders are required to take an oath of allegiance in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Vichy French leaders are required to take an oath of allegiance in 1941.

For dinner tonight, a no-recipe recipe for roasted fish with capers and lemon and strudel for dessert. Later this week, make pizza. For dinner tonight, a no-recipe recipe for roasted fish with capers and lemon and strudel for dessert. Later this week, make pizza. 

 The Times wrote early about the problems, but then dropped the subject for many months The Times wrote early about the problems, but then dropped the subject for many months

 During a visit to Rome by President Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Italian officials made the absurd decision to cover up nude statues. During a visit to Rome by President Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Italian officials made the absurd decision to cover up nude statues.

Conor Dougherty provides a look at how he covers Google and its elusive chief executive, Larry Page. Conor Dougherty provides a look at how he covers Google and its elusive chief executive, Larry Page. 

 To preserve Social Security, Hillary Clinton said that one option is lifting the current cap on income subject to Social Security tax, though she did not specify who would pay more. To preserve Social Security, Hillary Clinton said that one option is lifting the current cap on income subject to Social Security tax, though she did not specify who would pay more.

 Donald J. Trump’s campaign manager used slightly less absolute words about his candidate’s plans to skip Thursday night’s Republican presidential debate, saying he didn’t “think” there was any way Mr. Trump would change his mind Donald J. Trump’s campaign manager used slightly less absolute words about his candidate’s plans to skip Thursday night’s Republican presidential debate, saying he didn’t “think” there was any way Mr. Trump would change his mind

 Speaker Paul D. Ryan, who has a camera on his House balcony to capture events, recorded live footage of the snow as it fell in Washington, drawing half a million viewers. Speaker Paul D. Ryan, who has a camera on his House balcony to capture events, recorded live footage of the snow as it fell in Washington, drawing half a million viewers.

 The company is to have a three-week engagement at the Théâtre du Châtelet as part of Les Etés de la Danse. The company is to have a three-week engagement at the Théâtre du Châtelet as part of Les Etés de la Danse.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: A new drama, “Jeanne d’Arc,” receives rave reviews in Paris in 1891. From the International Herald Tribune archives: A new drama, “Jeanne d’Arc,” receives rave reviews in Paris in 1891.

 It is striking to think about the device’s trajectory since its introduction six years ago. It is striking to think about the device’s trajectory since its introduction six years ago.

 How do these companies “lord over all that happens in tech”? Why, according to this columnist, can we “bet on them continuing to win”? How do these companies “lord over all that happens in tech”? Why, according to this columnist, can we “bet on them continuing to win”?

Although prices fell as much as 30 percent after the 2008 global financial crisis, the housing market in Croatia has stabilized in recent years, and Dubrovnik remains the most expensive. Although prices fell as much as 30 percent after the 2008 global financial crisis, the housing market in Croatia has stabilized in recent years, and Dubrovnik remains the most expensive. International House Hunting column; three-bedroom 1910 stone villa on Lapad Bay in Adriatic Sea, near Dubrovnik, Croatia, is listed at $2.73 million; market and tips for buying in Croatia highlighted. 

Built in 1910, this three-bedroom house is on the market for $2.73 million. Built in 1910, this three-bedroom house is on the market for $2.73 million. 

 A memoir from Trevor Noah, host of “The Daily Show,” is due in November. A memoir from Trevor Noah, host of “The Daily Show,” is due in November.

This week’s properties include a townhouse near the Hudson, a contemporary in Tucson and a condo in Honolulu. This week’s properties include a townhouse near the Hudson, a contemporary in Tucson and a condo in Honolulu. 

This week’s properties include a townhouse near the Hudson, a contemporary in Tucson and a condo in Honolulu. This week’s properties include a townhouse near the Hudson, a contemporary in Tucson and a condo in Honolulu. 

 Facebook’s video audience is rapidly growing. But it is only a step toward a great vision for virtual reality. Facebook’s video audience is rapidly growing. But it is only a step toward a great vision for virtual reality.

Elie Saab’s couture 2016 collection. Elie Saab’s couture 2016 collection. 

The five-hour line at Franklin Barbecue in Austin, Tex., has become a rite of passage and a bonding experience for meat connoisseurs far and wide. The five-hour line at Franklin Barbecue in Austin, Tex., has become a rite of passage and a bonding experience for meat connoisseurs far and wide. 

 The American Future Fund, a conservative group, plans to spend $1 million on ads in New Hampshire that brand John Kasich an “Obama Republican.” Mr. Kasich has been gaining ground in recent polls before the Feb. 9 New Hampshire primary. The American Future Fund, a conservative group, plans to spend $1 million on ads in New Hampshire that brand John Kasich an “Obama Republican.” Mr. Kasich has been gaining ground in recent polls before the Feb. 9 New Hampshire primary.

Riding up a long escalator with a hostile person, a nervous rider was watched by a protector. Riding up a long escalator with a hostile person, a nervous rider was watched by a protector. 

In this short documentary, a 17-year-old Syrian films an intimate portrait of life in her refugee camp. In this short documentary, a 17-year-old Syrian films an intimate portrait of life in her refugee camp. 

In this short documentary, a 17-year-old Syrian films an intimate portrait of life in her refugee camp. In this short documentary, a 17-year-old Syrian films an intimate portrait of life in her refugee camp. 

What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including a food and wine festival in Carmel and a Passover package in Jerusalem. What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including a food and wine festival in Carmel and a Passover package in Jerusalem. In Transit blog; travel company Petra from Israel offers three-day trip to Jordan,  focusing on sites where popular movies were filmed, including 2016 Academy Award nominees The Martian and Theeb. 

 The Trump show played for at least one final time on Tuesday before the Iowa caucuses. As has often been the case, the reviews were mixed. The Trump show played for at least one final time on Tuesday before the Iowa caucuses. As has often been the case, the reviews were mixed.

The support is concentrated in Florida, the Northeast and across much of the West. The support is concentrated in Florida, the Northeast and across much of the West. 

John Galliano presents couture for Maison Margiela. John Galliano presents couture for Maison Margiela. 

 In a new ad, Mr. Sanders can be seen throwing an underhand pitch to his grandson, who showed his potential as a future baseball star. In a new ad, Mr. Sanders can be seen throwing an underhand pitch to his grandson, who showed his potential as a future baseball star.

 House Democrats, who have found themselves on the defensive over their support for Planned Parenthood, have called on Republicans to disband a special committee investigating it after two anti-abortion activists who conducted a sting on the organization were indicted in Texas. House Democrats, who have found themselves on the defensive over their support for Planned Parenthood, have called on Republicans to disband a special committee investigating it after two anti-abortion activists who conducted a sting on the organization were indicted in Texas.

 Mr. Obama is to appear at the embassy to remember Americans who risked their lives to save Jews during the Holocaust, his latest move to show solidarity with Israel after a historic rupture over the Iran accord. Mr. Obama is to appear at the embassy to remember Americans who risked their lives to save Jews during the Holocaust, his latest move to show solidarity with Israel after a historic rupture over the Iran accord.

Wednesday: Snow fashion, mild weather, and a fruit-filled neighborhood. Wednesday: Snow fashion, mild weather, and a fruit-filled neighborhood. 

 IPhones Sales Slow | Activist Investors Meet Their Match | Inquiry in China Adds to Doubts About Economic Data IPhones Sales Slow | Activist Investors Meet Their Match | Inquiry in China Adds to Doubts About Economic Data

Here’s what you need to know to start the day. Here’s what you need to know to start the day. 

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

Mr. Bundy, the leader of a seizure of a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon, was arrested and one person was killed in a traffic stop, the authorities said. Mr. Bundy, the leader of a seizure of a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon, was arrested and one person was killed in a traffic stop, the authorities said. 

 Back belts and orthotics were almost completely ineffective in preventing a new bout of back pain, but regular exercise helped, and it didn’t really matter what kind of exercise it was. Back belts and orthotics were almost completely ineffective in preventing a new bout of back pain, but regular exercise helped, and it didn’t really matter what kind of exercise it was.

 What healthy habits do you already have — and what habits do you wish you had? What healthy habits do you already have — and what habits do you wish you had?

Quotation of the Day for Wednesday, January 27, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Wednesday, January 27, 2016. 

 Had I prolonged my Indian grandmother’s suffering with my stubborn belief in the power of medicine to fix things? Had I prolonged my Indian grandmother’s suffering with my stubborn belief in the power of medicine to fix things?

The Republican front-runners are quite the self-infatuated pair. What does that say about the future of politics? The Republican front-runners are quite the self-infatuated pair. What does that say about the future of politics? Frank Bruni Op-Ed column finds similar strain of self-absorption in both Ted Cruz and Donald J Trump, despite efforts of both Republican presidential candidates and media  to distinguish between them.

To function properly, the clemency process needs to be removed from the grasp of the Justice Department. To function properly, the clemency process needs to be removed from the grasp of the Justice Department. Editorial calls on Pres Obama to address dysfunctional federal clemency process by either bringing it under direct White House control or setting up independent commission to process cases; asserts significant backlog and intrinsically conflicted recommendation system demands executive overhaul of pardon attorney's office, which is under auspices of Justice Dept.

The bursting of the bubble did not cause the recession. The Fed did. The bursting of the bubble did not cause the recession. The Fed did. Op-Ed article by economist David Beckworth and journalist Ramesh Ponnuru argues collapse of housing bubble contributed less to recent recession than Federal Reserve policies keeping interest rates too high; claims economy could have survived housing decline had Fed's inaction not exacerbated risky conditions; asserts Fed's responsibility for 2008 crisis echoes its contribution to Great Depression.

The deep divide between optimistic and pessimistic economists has profound implications for the next occupant of the White House. The deep divide between optimistic and pessimistic economists has profound implications for the next occupant of the White House. 

The longing to test oneself against the extreme and the unknown seems as powerful as ever. The longing to test oneself against the extreme and the unknown seems as powerful as ever. Editorial considers life and death of British explorer Harry Worsley, who has died during attempt to cross Antarctica unaccompanied and unassisted by dogs or supply drops; asserts Worsley, devotee of famous explorers, whose trek raised $142,000 for wounded veterans, embodied essential human longing to test body and world's known limits.

A tidal wave of people threatens to overwhelm our top ally, the E.U. A tidal wave of people threatens to overwhelm our top ally, the E.U. Thomas L Friedman Op-Ed column argues Pres Obama's final year in office should be focused on countering threat recent migrant crisis poses to stability of European Union, America's most crucial global ally.

 Should the F.B.I. have continued to operate a website to ensnare predators even though that allowed illicit images to be seen and spread? Should the F.B.I. have continued to operate a website to ensnare predators even though that allowed illicit images to be seen and spread?

 The ride-hailing service said it would pay $12.25 million but continue to categorize its drivers as independent contractors, not full-time employees. The ride-hailing service said it would pay $12.25 million but continue to categorize its drivers as independent contractors, not full-time employees.

 Pantsula, a South African dance that is more like a way of life, captivated Chris Saunders, who set out to document a subculture with roots in jazz and hip-hop. Pantsula, a South African dance that is more like a way of life, captivated Chris Saunders, who set out to document a subculture with roots in jazz and hip-hop.

 Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders remain deadlocked in Iowa less than a week before the caucuses, according to a new poll that shows the first nominating contest going down to the wire. Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders remain deadlocked in Iowa less than a week before the caucuses, according to a new poll that shows the first nominating contest going down to the wire.

伊斯坦堡的亚洲区更加温和、葱翠、整洁。这裡有融合了土耳其多元文化的独特宫殿、迷人的美食以及时髦的夜生活。 伊斯坦堡的亚洲区更加温和、葱翠、整洁。这裡有融合了土耳其多元文化的独特宫殿、迷人的美食以及时髦的夜生活。 

Corrections appearing in print on Wednesday, January 27, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Wednesday, January 27, 2016. 

The Musketeers improved to 18-2 over all and 6-2 in the Big East after staving off a rally by the Friars (17-4, 5-3), who had beaten No. 6 Villanova in their last game. The Musketeers improved to 18-2 over all and 6-2 in the Big East after staving off a rally by the Friars (17-4, 5-3), who had beaten No. 6 Villanova in their last game. College Basketball Roundup; Xavier beats Providence, 75-68; other college basketball news noted.

In a tight game in Brooklyn, Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade combined for Miami&#8217;s final 12 points to allow the Heat to escape with a victory. In a tight game in Brooklyn, Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade combined for Miami&#8217;s final 12 points to allow the Heat to escape with a victory. 

The country’s bids for the 2017 and 2019 world championships were referred to an ethics commission for a bribery investigation. The country’s bids for the 2017 and 2019 world championships were referred to an ethics commission for a bribery investigation. 

A woman who parachuted off a bridge overlooking the Pacific and the man who jumped in to try to save her both probably drowned, the authorities said. A woman who parachuted off a bridge overlooking the Pacific and the man who jumped in to try to save her both probably drowned, the authorities said. 

Mike’s web of lies finally unravels in “Suits.” Child refugees talk about escaping war in Syria. And Jerry Seinfeld takes his weekly drive. Mike’s web of lies finally unravels in “Suits.” Child refugees talk about escaping war in Syria. And Jerry Seinfeld takes his weekly drive. 

Sheldon Richardson will not be imprisoned for resisting arrest after a high-speed chase in his native Missouri. Sheldon Richardson will not be imprisoned for resisting arrest after a high-speed chase in his native Missouri. New York Jets defensive lineman Sheldon Richardson faces suspension from NFL but not jail time after resisting arrest following high-speed chase with Missouri police; other pro football news noted.

 This word has appeared in one New York Times article in the past year. This word has appeared in one New York Times article in the past year.

Cespedes and the Mets completed his three-year, $75 million contract. Cespedes and the Mets completed his three-year, $75 million contract. New York Mets finalize three-year, $75 million deal with outfielder Yoenis Cespedes.

KENNEDY--Michael J. It is with great sorrow we acknowledge the loss of our beloved friend and neighbor, Michael Kennedy. Mr. Kennedy served on our Board for many years and graced us with his wisdom and integrity. A great man who touched so many with his warmth and vibrance. He will be greatly missed. Our heartfelt condolences to his loving wife, Eleanora, his children Anna, Scott and Lisa and his cherished grandchildren. Board of Directors, Management & Staff, Hampshire House 1/3 KENNEDY--Michael J. It is with great sorrow we acknowledge the loss of our beloved friend and neighbor, Michael Kennedy. Mr. Kennedy served on our Board for many years and graced us with his wisdom and integrity. A great man who touched so many with his warmth and vibrance. He will be greatly missed. Our heartfelt condolences to his loving wife, Eleanora, his children Anna, Scott and Lisa and his cherished grandchildren. Board of Directors, Management & Staff, Hampshire House 1/3 

DRAZEN--Ruth. We note with sorrow the passing of our member, Ruth Drazen, and extend sincerest condolences to her bereaved family. Rabbi Angela W. Buchdahl, President Abigail Pogrebin, Central Synagogue of New York City 1/3 DRAZEN--Ruth. We note with sorrow the passing of our member, Ruth Drazen, and extend sincerest condolences to her bereaved family. Rabbi Angela W. Buchdahl, President Abigail Pogrebin, Central Synagogue of New York City 1/3 

COOPER--Peter Alan, 84, of Southold, NY, died peacefully at home after a short illness on January 18, 2016. He was a dedicated Cornell University alumnus and active in Phi Gamma Delta. After his retirement as Senior Executive Vice President from Sperry & Hutchison, he purchased and ran Sound Spars in Port Washington, NY. He retired to Southold and wintered in St. Thomas, USVI. He was predeceased by his wife of 56 years, Jean Thompson Cooper, and survived by his daughters Beth Kubinec (John) of Lancaster, PA and Susan Hodge of Warwick, RI, as well as sister Diane Nelson of Delaware, OH, numerous grandchildren and great- grandchildren. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to the Eastern Long Island Hospital Foundation. www.de friestgrattan.com. 1/3 COOPER--Peter Alan, 84, of Southold, NY, died peacefully at home after a short illness on January 18, 2016. He was a dedicated Cornell University alumnus and active in Phi Gamma Delta. After his retirement as Senior Executive Vice President from Sperry & Hutchison, he purchased and ran Sound Spars in Port Washington, NY. He retired to Southold and wintered in St. Thomas, USVI. He was predeceased by his wife of 56 years, Jean Thompson Cooper, and survived by his daughters Beth Kubinec (John) of Lancaster, PA and Susan Hodge of Warwick, RI, as well as sister Diane Nelson of Delaware, OH, numerous grandchildren and great- grandchildren. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to the Eastern Long Island Hospital Foundation. www.de friestgrattan.com. 1/3 

MILLINGER--Harvey, 99, passed away peacefully at home, in the company of his family, on January 25, 2016. Loving husband of Sylva Dee, and father of Bruce (Xiao-Fang) and Donald (Gary Clinton). Funeral services will be at Sunset Chapels, 1285 Northern Blvd, Manhasset, NY on January 28 at 11:00am. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Temple Sinai of Roslyn, Roslyn Heights, NY. He was a kind and gentle man, and family and friends were exceptionally fortunate to have shared his life for so many years. He will be greatly missed. 1/3 MILLINGER--Harvey, 99, passed away peacefully at home, in the company of his family, on January 25, 2016. Loving husband of Sylva Dee, and father of Bruce (Xiao-Fang) and Donald (Gary Clinton). Funeral services will be at Sunset Chapels, 1285 Northern Blvd, Manhasset, NY on January 28 at 11:00am. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Temple Sinai of Roslyn, Roslyn Heights, NY. He was a kind and gentle man, and family and friends were exceptionally fortunate to have shared his life for so many years. He will be greatly missed. 1/3 

KENNEDY--Michael. A gentleman, friend and mentor. Eleanora and Michael, together are an inspiration and savior to so many. Our hearts go out to the children, grandchildren and family. From David...Michael will always be my beacon. Susan and David 1/3 KENNEDY--Michael. A gentleman, friend and mentor. Eleanora and Michael, together are an inspiration and savior to so many. Our hearts go out to the children, grandchildren and family. From David...Michael will always be my beacon. Susan and David 1/3 

SISKIND--Beth, (formerly of Scarsdale, NY), on the morning of January 25, 2016 in her New York City home. Born Beth Diana Mohel August 10, 1940, she spent her first 18 years in New Bedford, MA, graduated from New Bedford High School and earned a bachelor's degree at Skidmore College (1962). A high- light of her time at Skidmore was an 11-week trip to Europe's Festivals of Art and Music which she financed through her successful investments in the stock market beginning at the age of 13. While raising her two boys in Scarsdale, Beth earned a Master's degree from the New School of Social Research. Beth was a dedicated mother, wife and grandmother. A lover of the arts and education, she relished being an angel for plays on Broadway and her most passionate charity work included efforts on behalf of Brandeis University, and Skidmore College. She will be greatly missed by husband Donald, sister Judith Hertz, sons Steven and Edward, their wives Moira and Lucinda and grandchildren Leila, Samuel and James. A service in her memory will be held at Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Ave., New York, NY at 12pm on Thursday, January 28. 1/3 SISKIND--Beth, (formerly of Scarsdale, NY), on the morning of January 25, 2016 in her New York City home. Born Beth Diana Mohel August 10, 1940, she spent her first 18 years in New Bedford, MA, graduated from New Bedford High School and earned a bachelor's degree at Skidmore College (1962). A high- light of her time at Skidmore was an 11-week trip to Europe's Festivals of Art and Music which she financed through her successful investments in the stock market beginning at the age of 13. While raising her two boys in Scarsdale, Beth earned a Master's degree from the New School of Social Research. Beth was a dedicated mother, wife and grandmother. A lover of the arts and education, she relished being an angel for plays on Broadway and her most passionate charity work included efforts on behalf of Brandeis University, and Skidmore College. She will be greatly missed by husband Donald, sister Judith Hertz, sons Steven and Edward, their wives Moira and Lucinda and grandchildren Leila, Samuel and James. A service in her memory will be held at Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Ave., New York, NY at 12pm on Thursday, January 28. 1/3 

HOUGHTON--Rev. Alanson. The Reverend Alanson Bigelow Houghton died peacefully at his home in Pawleys Island, SC on Sunday, January 24th. He was 85 years old. Alan was born August 3, 1930 in Corning, NY to the late Amory Houghton Sr. and Laura Richardson Houghton. Alan earned multiple degrees including a Master of Business Administration from Harvard University and a Master of Divinity from New York Theological Seminary. Alan spent the early part of his career in business, where he worked for the Corning Glass Works. He then found his true calling and became an ordained Episcopal priest. He served at a number of different churches including Church of the Epiphany (New York City, NY), Christ Episcopal Church (Shaker Heights, OH), Church of The Heavenly Rest (New York City) and St. Stephens Episcopal Church (Charleston, SC). Alan felt strongly about public service and giving back to his country. One of his proudest accomplishments was becoming a United States Marine. Alan also had a passion for philanthropy, and he particularly enjoyed starting and supporting charitable programs in the communities in which he lived. Lastly, Alan loved to write. He was a published author who enjoyed writing cards, prayer books and letters to the editor. Alan was preceded in death by his beloved wife Billie Fisher Carr Houghton, his sister Laura Houghton Beer, and stepsons John Thomas Fisher Carr and Oscar C. Carr III. He is survived by his siblings Elizabeth Weinberg, Amory Houghton Jr., and James Richardson Houghton; his children Alexander Stewart Houghton, Alanson Bigelow Houghton III, Hope Houghton Newell and John Carter Houghton; his stepchildren Blanche Carr Symons, Scott Carr Adams and E'Lane Carr Tipton; and 19 grandchildren and 5 great grandchildren. A funeral service will be held at Holy Cross Faith Memorial Episcopal Church in Pawleys Island, SC at 10am EST on Saturday, January 30th. Sign a guest book at www.mayer funeralhome.com. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to the National Parkinson Foundation or a charity of your choice. 1/3 HOUGHTON--Rev. Alanson. The Reverend Alanson Bigelow Houghton died peacefully at his home in Pawleys Island, SC on Sunday, January 24th. He was 85 years old. Alan was born August 3, 1930 in Corning, NY to the late Amory Houghton Sr. and Laura Richardson Houghton. Alan earned multiple degrees including a Master of Business Administration from Harvard University and a Master of Divinity from New York Theological Seminary. Alan spent the early part of his career in business, where he worked for the Corning Glass Works. He then found his true calling and became an ordained Episcopal priest. He served at a number of different churches including Church of the Epiphany (New York City, NY), Christ Episcopal Church (Shaker Heights, OH), Church of The Heavenly Rest (New York City) and St. Stephens Episcopal Church (Charleston, SC). Alan felt strongly about public service and giving back to his country. One of his proudest accomplishments was becoming a United States Marine. Alan also had a passion for philanthropy, and he particularly enjoyed starting and supporting charitable programs in the communities in which he lived. Lastly, Alan loved to write. He was a published author who enjoyed writing cards, prayer books and letters to the editor. Alan was preceded in death by his beloved wife Billie Fisher Carr Houghton, his sister Laura Houghton Beer, and stepsons John Thomas Fisher Carr and Oscar C. Carr III. He is survived by his siblings Elizabeth Weinberg, Amory Houghton Jr., and James Richardson Houghton; his children Alexander Stewart Houghton, Alanson Bigelow Houghton III, Hope Houghton Newell and John Carter Houghton; his stepchildren Blanche Carr Symons, Scott Carr Adams and E'Lane Carr Tipton; and 19 grandchildren and 5 great grandchildren. A funeral service will be held at Holy Cross Faith Memorial Episcopal Church in Pawleys Island, SC at 10am EST on Saturday, January 30th. Sign a guest book at www.mayer funeralhome.com. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to the National Parkinson Foundation or a charity of your choice. 1/3 

LEBOWITZ--Helen H.,wife of the late Jay Lebowitz, age 83, died peacefully on January 26 at home with her family by her side. Helen leaves behind three children, Bruce, David and Lisa. She also leaves behind two daughters-in-law, Lyn and Amy, seven grandchildren and three great- grandchildren. She is also survived by her brother, Dr. Robert Flesch. 1/3 LEBOWITZ--Helen H.,wife of the late Jay Lebowitz, age 83, died peacefully on January 26 at home with her family by her side. Helen leaves behind three children, Bruce, David and Lisa. She also leaves behind two daughters-in-law, Lyn and Amy, seven grandchildren and three great- grandchildren. She is also survived by her brother, Dr. Robert Flesch. 1/3 

FRIEDLANDER--Katherine. Dear Mommie, I can't believe it's already been one year since you have gone. I think about you every day and miss the good times we had. I'm glad you are with Daddy now. Love, Suzy 1/3 FRIEDLANDER--Katherine. Dear Mommie, I can't believe it's already been one year since you have gone. I think about you every day and miss the good times we had. I'm glad you are with Daddy now. Love, Suzy 1/3 

KAPLAN--Richard D. Your spirit and generosity will forever remain in our hearts. The joy you brought to all of us was a gift. To his wife Edwina Sandys we send our love and support. Dr. Steven Rose & Dale Coudert The Coudert Institute Board of Directors, Members & the Staff. 1/3 KAPLAN--Richard D. Your spirit and generosity will forever remain in our hearts. The joy you brought to all of us was a gift. To his wife Edwina Sandys we send our love and support. Dr. Steven Rose & Dale Coudert The Coudert Institute Board of Directors, Members & the Staff. 1/3 

BLOCK--Marsha Ann, of Jericho, LI, daughter of Max and Mitzi Goorland, died on Wednesday, January 20, 2016, after a long battle with pancreatic cancer. She is survived by her daughters Margot and Amy Serwer; sister Michele, and her grandchildren Matthew, Russell, Samantha, and Liv. We will miss her energy, strength, and zest for life. 1/3 BLOCK--Marsha Ann, of Jericho, LI, daughter of Max and Mitzi Goorland, died on Wednesday, January 20, 2016, after a long battle with pancreatic cancer. She is survived by her daughters Margot and Amy Serwer; sister Michele, and her grandchildren Matthew, Russell, Samantha, and Liv. We will miss her energy, strength, and zest for life. 1/3 

MUELLER--John C. Holland Lodge No. 8 F&AM acknowledges with deep regret the death of our brother on January 21, 2016. Our sincere condolences are extended to his entire family. John R. Weber, Master James W. McGovern, Secretary 1/3 MUELLER--John C. Holland Lodge No. 8 F&AM acknowledges with deep regret the death of our brother on January 21, 2016. Our sincere condolences are extended to his entire family. John R. Weber, Master James W. McGovern, Secretary 1/3 

KHODARA--Jacques Elie. Jacques Elie Khodara died peacefully at home on January 26. He is survived by his loving wife Mara, daughter Tatiana, sons Daniel, Jean-Philippe, Jean-Jerome, and Gregory, and grandchildren Nelson, Eleonore, Lea, Jeremy, and Noemie. Jacques had a widespread career in international real estate. His energy and love of life will be missed by his family and friends all over the world. Jacques' funeral service will be 11:15am, Thursday, January 28th at "The Riverside," 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue. 1/3 KHODARA--Jacques Elie. Jacques Elie Khodara died peacefully at home on January 26. He is survived by his loving wife Mara, daughter Tatiana, sons Daniel, Jean-Philippe, Jean-Jerome, and Gregory, and grandchildren Nelson, Eleonore, Lea, Jeremy, and Noemie. Jacques had a widespread career in international real estate. His energy and love of life will be missed by his family and friends all over the world. Jacques' funeral service will be 11:15am, Thursday, January 28th at "The Riverside," 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue. 1/3 

LUU--My. Resident of Briarcliff Manor, NY, formerly of Houston, TX, was a wife, daughter, sister, aunt and friend. My passed away on September 25, 2015 at the age of 41. Her vibrant spirit will be missed by all who knew her. www.crowdrise.com/MyLuuFund 1/3 LUU--My. Resident of Briarcliff Manor, NY, formerly of Houston, TX, was a wife, daughter, sister, aunt and friend. My passed away on September 25, 2015 at the age of 41. Her vibrant spirit will be missed by all who knew her. www.crowdrise.com/MyLuuFund 1/3 

WALRATH--Dale Robert, of Manhattan, NY and formerly Wilton, CT, died on December 31, 2015 at home, at the age of 94. He was a World War II veteran, Mad Man, and devoted husband and father, who succumbed to Alzheimer's after a 12-year dignified struggle. An exemplar of the Greatest Generation, he was raised on a farm in Ohio, graduated from Ohio Wesleyan on scholarship, enlisted in the Army in 1943, and fought on the Western Front throughout Germany, receiving the Silver Star, Bronze Star and Purple Heart before his honorable discharge in 1945. He moved to Connecticut in 1956, embarking on a 33-year career on the creative side with J. Walter Thompson in Manhattan. During his tenure at Thompson he helped develop the "Built Ford Tough" campaign and pioneered broadcast shoots in California. He was the most selfless of men, active in the community post-retirement, while caring for an ailing spouse for years. Survivors include his son Christopher Bret and daughter Rosalind Anne, both of Manhattan, and three grandchildren, Margot, Victoria and Amanda. His courage, dignity, sacrifice for others, vitality, kindness, and extraordinary decency are treasured by all who knew him. 1/3 WALRATH--Dale Robert, of Manhattan, NY and formerly Wilton, CT, died on December 31, 2015 at home, at the age of 94. He was a World War II veteran, Mad Man, and devoted husband and father, who succumbed to Alzheimer's after a 12-year dignified struggle. An exemplar of the Greatest Generation, he was raised on a farm in Ohio, graduated from Ohio Wesleyan on scholarship, enlisted in the Army in 1943, and fought on the Western Front throughout Germany, receiving the Silver Star, Bronze Star and Purple Heart before his honorable discharge in 1945. He moved to Connecticut in 1956, embarking on a 33-year career on the creative side with J. Walter Thompson in Manhattan. During his tenure at Thompson he helped develop the "Built Ford Tough" campaign and pioneered broadcast shoots in California. He was the most selfless of men, active in the community post-retirement, while caring for an ailing spouse for years. Survivors include his son Christopher Bret and daughter Rosalind Anne, both of Manhattan, and three grandchildren, Margot, Victoria and Amanda. His courage, dignity, sacrifice for others, vitality, kindness, and extraordinary decency are treasured by all who knew him. 1/3 

BEREN--Joan Schiff. UJA-Federation of New York mourns the passing of Joan Beren. Joan's compassion and dedication helped to improve countless lives around the world. She leaves behind a loving family that will carry on a tradition of exceptional Jewish philanthropy. We extend our heartfelt condolences to Joan's children, Amy (Bob) Bressman, Adam (Ellen) Beren, Nancy Beren (Larry Jefferson), and Julie (Marc) Platt; her 14 grandchildren and five great- grandchildren; and the entire family. Alisa R. Doctoroff, President; Linda Mirels, Chair of the Board; Eric S. Goldstein, CEO 1/3 BEREN--Joan Schiff. UJA-Federation of New York mourns the passing of Joan Beren. Joan's compassion and dedication helped to improve countless lives around the world. She leaves behind a loving family that will carry on a tradition of exceptional Jewish philanthropy. We extend our heartfelt condolences to Joan's children, Amy (Bob) Bressman, Adam (Ellen) Beren, Nancy Beren (Larry Jefferson), and Julie (Marc) Platt; her 14 grandchildren and five great- grandchildren; and the entire family. Alisa R. Doctoroff, President; Linda Mirels, Chair of the Board; Eric S. Goldstein, CEO 1/3 

PERLBINDER--Arnold. As long as we live - he lives. The Perlbinder Family 1/3 PERLBINDER--Arnold. As long as we live - he lives. The Perlbinder Family 1/3 

FOGELMAN--Roger Harry, beloved brother, brother-in- law, uncle, cousin, and friend, poet and student of language, on January 26th, shortly before his 76th birthday. Born and raised in the Bronx, educated at Cornell (BA) and the University of Virginia (Ph.D.). He died peacefully at the Jamaica Hospital Hospice. 1/3 FOGELMAN--Roger Harry, beloved brother, brother-in- law, uncle, cousin, and friend, poet and student of language, on January 26th, shortly before his 76th birthday. Born and raised in the Bronx, educated at Cornell (BA) and the University of Virginia (Ph.D.). He died peacefully at the Jamaica Hospital Hospice. 1/3 

KENNEDY--Michael, You and Eleanora have been devoted friends and "fixers" for so many...we are All eternally grateful...especially me. Wishing you peace and love. xox Wendy 1/3 KENNEDY--Michael, You and Eleanora have been devoted friends and "fixers" for so many...we are All eternally grateful...especially me. Wishing you peace and love. xox Wendy 1/3 

TUGGLE--Robert. The Metropolitan Opera mourns the death of its Director of Archives, Robert Tuggle, an invaluable member of the company whose passion for opera defined his life. He served as Director of Archives for more than 34 years, overseeing its many activities including the Archives Database, an exhaustive online compendium with detailed information on every performance in the company's 133-year history. Before coming to the Met, he worked in the education department of the Metropolitan Opera Guild for decades, beginning in 1957 when he was 24 years old. He was the author of The Golden Age of Opera and, at the time of his death, was at work on a biography of soprano Kirsten Flagstad. We extend our sincerest condolences to all those who knew and admired Bob, and whose lives were touched by his work. Peter Gelb, General Manager James Levine, Music Director 1/3 TUGGLE--Robert. The Metropolitan Opera mourns the death of its Director of Archives, Robert Tuggle, an invaluable member of the company whose passion for opera defined his life. He served as Director of Archives for more than 34 years, overseeing its many activities including the Archives Database, an exhaustive online compendium with detailed information on every performance in the company's 133-year history. Before coming to the Met, he worked in the education department of the Metropolitan Opera Guild for decades, beginning in 1957 when he was 24 years old. He was the author of The Golden Age of Opera and, at the time of his death, was at work on a biography of soprano Kirsten Flagstad. We extend our sincerest condolences to all those who knew and admired Bob, and whose lives were touched by his work. Peter Gelb, General Manager James Levine, Music Director 1/3 

KENNEDY--Michael John. On January 25, 2016 at age 78 of cancer. Civil rights lawyer who fought for the First, Fourth, Fifth and Sixth Amendments. Mr. Kennedy, whose career as both a civil liberties and criminal attorney began in California in the 1960s and culminated in 2009 as Special Advisor to the President of the United Nations, Miguel D'Escoto. He successfully defended Black Panther Huey Newton on manslaughter and murder charges in Oakland. In San Francisco, he won acquittal for all seven young Mexican Americans, Los Siete de la Raza, charged with murdering a police officer in the city's Mission District. And when Jimmy Mitchell, co- owner of San Francisco's notorious O'Farrell Theatre- which journalist Hunter S. Thompson called 'The Carnegie Hall of Public Sex'-was accused of killing his brother Artie in a drunken rage, Mr. Kennedy succeeded in having the charge reduced from murder in the second degree to manslaughter. In Illinois he represented Rennie Davis, a member of the Chicago Eight accused of conspiracy and inciting a riot during the 1968 Democratic National Convention and served as Mr. Davis's lawyer before the House Un-American Activities Committee in Washington, D.C. He also represented Bernardine Dohrn who belonged to 1960s radical group, The Weathermen. Other of his clients belonged to the Brotherhood of Eternal Love, the most famous member of which was Timothy Leary, LSD guru to a generation. In Lincoln, Nebraska, Mr. Kennedy won acquittal for a Penobscot Native American charged with assaulting FBI agents at Wounded Knee. Perhaps his most famous trial and certainly the most time consuming-it still remains the longest criminal jury trial in U.S. Federal Court history-was The Pizza Connection; the name came from accusations of drug money laundering through pizza parlors in New York City. When the U.S. Attorney put two warring mafia families on trial, the case played out like a drama between the Capulets and the Montagues with Mr. Kennedy retained as chief council representing one of the godfathers, Sicilian mob boss Gaetano Badalamenti. Wire taps were the basis for charges against six Americans raising money in New York to buy weapons for the IRA in Ireland. As lead council, Mr. Kennedy won an acquittal for all six men. He also won clemency from New York Governor Mario Cuomo for Jean Harris, the private girls' school headmistress who was in prison for the notorious murder of her lover, Scarsdale Diet doctor Herman Tarnower. Mr. Kennedy worked on only one divorce case in his career and although the settlement was sealed, reliable sources reported that Ivana Trump was very pleased. There were many pro-bono cases about which no one has written. And there were many times when people from all walks of life, the high, the low, and the undocumented, sought Kennedy's advice privately and many times he privately reached out to connections, sometimes in the government, sometimes in the underworld. As general council to High Times Magazine for 41 years, Mr. Kennedy and his friend, the magazine's founder, the late Tom Forcade, sought to subvert prohibition of marijuana. When a reporter recently asked Mr. Kennedy how he kept High Times out of trouble for so long, he replied simply that he had never asked or allowed them to do anything illegal but added: "At High Times we will never forget what was done in the name of law enforcement to our scarred arrestees, and those who still rot in prison for daring to try to enjoy themselves peacefully and harmlessly." Mr. Kennedy was the consummate gentleman, with a quick Irish wit and a quick Irish temper. But he very rarely raised his voice, being the personification of Theodore Roosevelt's foreign policy: Speak softly but carry a big stick. The romance between Michael Kennedy and Eleanora, his wife of forty-seven years, is the stuff of fairy tales. Marrying after love at first sight, they never spent a night apart and sometimes signed their names as one word. Although not an attorney, Mrs. Kennedy was her husband's most trusted associate and confidant working entirely behind the scenes on every case, becoming an unofficial voir dire expert. The couple eschewed the label 'socialite' but could be seen often at benefits for Memorial Sloan Kettering Hospital, the Central Park Conservancy and the United Nations. They gave as many parties as they attended, a number of which were chronicled in New York Magazine and the New York Social Diary. When not working or traveling, Mr. Kennedy spent his time between New York City, his Hamptons home Kilkare, his old Key West cottage in West Palm Beach and his house in Ireland's Black Valley. Michael John Kennedy, who died at Memorial Sloan Kettering Hospital, was born in the state of Washington in 1937. After boarding school in Washington, he attended University of California at Berkeley and Hastings Law School. Besides his wife Eleanora, he leaves his daughters Anna Safir and Lisa Kennedy, his son Scott Hamilton Kennedy, three granddaughters and two grandsons. Friends may call at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street on Wednesday from 2-4 and 6-8pm. The funeral service will be held on Thursday at 10am at the Church of St. Paul the Apostle, 60th Street and Columbus Avenue. 1/3 KENNEDY--Michael John. On January 25, 2016 at age 78 of cancer. Civil rights lawyer who fought for the First, Fourth, Fifth and Sixth Amendments. Mr. Kennedy, whose career as both a civil liberties and criminal attorney began in California in the 1960s and culminated in 2009 as Special Advisor to the President of the United Nations, Miguel D'Escoto. He successfully defended Black Panther Huey Newton on manslaughter and murder charges in Oakland. In San Francisco, he won acquittal for all seven young Mexican Americans, Los Siete de la Raza, charged with murdering a police officer in the city's Mission District. And when Jimmy Mitchell, co- owner of San Francisco's notorious O'Farrell Theatre- which journalist Hunter S. Thompson called 'The Carnegie Hall of Public Sex'-was accused of killing his brother Artie in a drunken rage, Mr. Kennedy succeeded in having the charge reduced from murder in the second degree to manslaughter. In Illinois he represented Rennie Davis, a member of the Chicago Eight accused of conspiracy and inciting a riot during the 1968 Democratic National Convention and served as Mr. Davis's lawyer before the House Un-American Activities Committee in Washington, D.C. He also represented Bernardine Dohrn who belonged to 1960s radical group, The Weathermen. Other of his clients belonged to the Brotherhood of Eternal Love, the most famous member of which was Timothy Leary, LSD guru to a generation. In Lincoln, Nebraska, Mr. Kennedy won acquittal for a Penobscot Native American charged with assaulting FBI agents at Wounded Knee. Perhaps his most famous trial and certainly the most time consuming-it still remains the longest criminal jury trial in U.S. Federal Court history-was The Pizza Connection; the name came from accusations of drug money laundering through pizza parlors in New York City. When the U.S. Attorney put two warring mafia families on trial, the case played out like a drama between the Capulets and the Montagues with Mr. Kennedy retained as chief council representing one of the godfathers, Sicilian mob boss Gaetano Badalamenti. Wire taps were the basis for charges against six Americans raising money in New York to buy weapons for the IRA in Ireland. As lead council, Mr. Kennedy won an acquittal for all six men. He also won clemency from New York Governor Mario Cuomo for Jean Harris, the private girls' school headmistress who was in prison for the notorious murder of her lover, Scarsdale Diet doctor Herman Tarnower. Mr. Kennedy worked on only one divorce case in his career and although the settlement was sealed, reliable sources reported that Ivana Trump was very pleased. There were many pro-bono cases about which no one has written. And there were many times when people from all walks of life, the high, the low, and the undocumented, sought Kennedy's advice privately and many times he privately reached out to connections, sometimes in the government, sometimes in the underworld. As general council to High Times Magazine for 41 years, Mr. Kennedy and his friend, the magazine's founder, the late Tom Forcade, sought to subvert prohibition of marijuana. When a reporter recently asked Mr. Kennedy how he kept High Times out of trouble for so long, he replied simply that he had never asked or allowed them to do anything illegal but added: "At High Times we will never forget what was done in the name of law enforcement to our scarred arrestees, and those who still rot in prison for daring to try to enjoy themselves peacefully and harmlessly." Mr. Kennedy was the consummate gentleman, with a quick Irish wit and a quick Irish temper. But he very rarely raised his voice, being the personification of Theodore Roosevelt's foreign policy: Speak softly but carry a big stick. The romance between Michael Kennedy and Eleanora, his wife of forty-seven years, is the stuff of fairy tales. Marrying after love at first sight, they never spent a night apart and sometimes signed their names as one word. Although not an attorney, Mrs. Kennedy was her husband's most trusted associate and confidant working entirely behind the scenes on every case, becoming an unofficial voir dire expert. The couple eschewed the label 'socialite' but could be seen often at benefits for Memorial Sloan Kettering Hospital, the Central Park Conservancy and the United Nations. They gave as many parties as they attended, a number of which were chronicled in New York Magazine and the New York Social Diary. When not working or traveling, Mr. Kennedy spent his time between New York City, his Hamptons home Kilkare, his old Key West cottage in West Palm Beach and his house in Ireland's Black Valley. Michael John Kennedy, who died at Memorial Sloan Kettering Hospital, was born in the state of Washington in 1937. After boarding school in Washington, he attended University of California at Berkeley and Hastings Law School. Besides his wife Eleanora, he leaves his daughters Anna Safir and Lisa Kennedy, his son Scott Hamilton Kennedy, three granddaughters and two grandsons. Friends may call at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street on Wednesday from 2-4 and 6-8pm. The funeral service will be held on Thursday at 10am at the Church of St. Paul the Apostle, 60th Street and Columbus Avenue. 1/3 

MURPHY--Elinor C.,87, of San Diego, CA, formerly of East 20th St. in New York City, died in her sleep on January 26, 2016. Mother of Jim and Tom. She was predeceased by her husband Albert. Calling hours, January 28, 2-5pm and 7-9pm at Andrett Funeral Home, 199 Bleecker St., NYC. Services Friday, 10:30am, Epiphany Church, 2nd Ave. and 22nd St. Burial to follow at Calverton National Cemetery on Long Island. 1/3 MURPHY--Elinor C.,87, of San Diego, CA, formerly of East 20th St. in New York City, died in her sleep on January 26, 2016. Mother of Jim and Tom. She was predeceased by her husband Albert. Calling hours, January 28, 2-5pm and 7-9pm at Andrett Funeral Home, 199 Bleecker St., NYC. Services Friday, 10:30am, Epiphany Church, 2nd Ave. and 22nd St. Burial to follow at Calverton National Cemetery on Long Island. 1/3 

FRANGOS--Eugenia Striphas, on January 21, 2016, of Forest Hills Gardens, NY. Beloved wife of James and devoted mother to Alexandra Frangos and George (Caroline). Loving grandmother to James and John. Visiting at Fox Funeral Home, Inc., 98-07 Ascan Ave., corner Metropolitan Ave., Forest Hills, Wednesday, 1-4pm and 6-8pm. Funeral Services at St. Demetrios Greek Orthodox Church, 84-35 152nd St., Jamaica, NY, Thursday, 12:30pm. Interment Maple Grove Cemetery. 1/3 FRANGOS--Eugenia Striphas, on January 21, 2016, of Forest Hills Gardens, NY. Beloved wife of James and devoted mother to Alexandra Frangos and George (Caroline). Loving grandmother to James and John. Visiting at Fox Funeral Home, Inc., 98-07 Ascan Ave., corner Metropolitan Ave., Forest Hills, Wednesday, 1-4pm and 6-8pm. Funeral Services at St. Demetrios Greek Orthodox Church, 84-35 152nd St., Jamaica, NY, Thursday, 12:30pm. Interment Maple Grove Cemetery. 1/3 

DRAZEN--Ruth Yorkin. We mourn the loss of Ruth Yorkin Drazen-mother, filmmaker and pioneer in genetics-who died quietly in her sleep on Monday evening at the age of 97. Ruth was born in Washington, PA on May 15, 1918, the daughter of Jesse Sachs Yorkin and Maurice A. Yorkin. Ruth adored classical music from early childhood on, studying piano at the Curtis School of Music with Henry Kaufman. In 1938 she married fellow Curtis student, Mario Berini, and they moved to New York City, where Mario began his career as a tenor with the Met. Their only child, Anton, died in infancy of a rare genetic disease, and Ruth's grief sparked her interest in curing genetic illnesses. She spent years working tirelessly as executive director of The Muscular Dystrophy Association and The National Genetics Foundation. When her second husband, New York attorney Jerome Drazen, died of prostate cancer in 1988, she developed an abiding passion for the subject of humanism in medicine, expressing it through the making of documentary films, which she continued to create into her early nineties. Her first film, "When Doctors Get Cancer," was a sensitive look at doctors treating other doctors, in the hope that it might make more humane the care that physicians gave, when they were able to observe themselves as cancer patients. Five other award-winning films followed, most of them shown on PBS. They included, "The Choice is Yours," the inspirational life of the great psychiatrist, Victor Frankl, "A Wayfayer's Journey; Listening to Mahler;" "Notes From the Edge, the Diary of Peter J. Morgan, M.D.," an intimate narrative of the last two years of the life of a 29-year old physician diagnosed with cancer, and "Healing Through Humanism," a five DVD teaching series devoted to the practice of compassionate medicine. Ruth was an intellectual and spiritual inspiration to everyone she touched, and will be sorely missed. Ruth is survived by a son, Myron Drazen and daughter-in-law, Lucille; a sister, Martha Yorkin Berman; two step-sons, Michael and Roger Drazen and seven grandchildren, Julie, Debra, Jacob, Dylan, Emily, Kate and Zoe Drazen. She was predeceased by a son, Anton Berini, as well as brother Alan "Bud" Yorkin; husbands Mario Berini and Jerome Drazen. Memorial service will be held at the Riverside Chapel, 180 West 76th St., in Manhattan on Thursday at 11:30am. 1/3 DRAZEN--Ruth Yorkin. We mourn the loss of Ruth Yorkin Drazen-mother, filmmaker and pioneer in genetics-who died quietly in her sleep on Monday evening at the age of 97. Ruth was born in Washington, PA on May 15, 1918, the daughter of Jesse Sachs Yorkin and Maurice A. Yorkin. Ruth adored classical music from early childhood on, studying piano at the Curtis School of Music with Henry Kaufman. In 1938 she married fellow Curtis student, Mario Berini, and they moved to New York City, where Mario began his career as a tenor with the Met. Their only child, Anton, died in infancy of a rare genetic disease, and Ruth's grief sparked her interest in curing genetic illnesses. She spent years working tirelessly as executive director of The Muscular Dystrophy Association and The National Genetics Foundation. When her second husband, New York attorney Jerome Drazen, died of prostate cancer in 1988, she developed an abiding passion for the subject of humanism in medicine, expressing it through the making of documentary films, which she continued to create into her early nineties. Her first film, "When Doctors Get Cancer," was a sensitive look at doctors treating other doctors, in the hope that it might make more humane the care that physicians gave, when they were able to observe themselves as cancer patients. Five other award-winning films followed, most of them shown on PBS. They included, "The Choice is Yours," the inspirational life of the great psychiatrist, Victor Frankl, "A Wayfayer's Journey; Listening to Mahler;" "Notes From the Edge, the Diary of Peter J. Morgan, M.D.," an intimate narrative of the last two years of the life of a 29-year old physician diagnosed with cancer, and "Healing Through Humanism," a five DVD teaching series devoted to the practice of compassionate medicine. Ruth was an intellectual and spiritual inspiration to everyone she touched, and will be sorely missed. Ruth is survived by a son, Myron Drazen and daughter-in-law, Lucille; a sister, Martha Yorkin Berman; two step-sons, Michael and Roger Drazen and seven grandchildren, Julie, Debra, Jacob, Dylan, Emily, Kate and Zoe Drazen. She was predeceased by a son, Anton Berini, as well as brother Alan "Bud" Yorkin; husbands Mario Berini and Jerome Drazen. Memorial service will be held at the Riverside Chapel, 180 West 76th St., in Manhattan on Thursday at 11:30am. 1/3 

McQUEENY--John M.,on January 25, 2016. Beloved husband of Madelon. Loving father of John (Winn), Michael and Paul (Carrie). Grandfather of Jane and Liam. Visitation Thursday 2-4 and 7-9pm at Fairchild Sons Funeral Home, Inc., 1201 Franklin Avenue, Garden City, NY. Mass Friday 10am at Joseph's R.C.C., Garden City, NY. Interment at Gate of Heaven Cemetery, Hawthorne, NY. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Holy Cross College, in memo please note "Athletic Fund." 1/3 McQUEENY--John M.,on January 25, 2016. Beloved husband of Madelon. Loving father of John (Winn), Michael and Paul (Carrie). Grandfather of Jane and Liam. Visitation Thursday 2-4 and 7-9pm at Fairchild Sons Funeral Home, Inc., 1201 Franklin Avenue, Garden City, NY. Mass Friday 10am at Joseph's R.C.C., Garden City, NY. Interment at Gate of Heaven Cemetery, Hawthorne, NY. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Holy Cross College, in memo please note "Athletic Fund." 1/3 

KENNEDY--Michael. The Breast Cancer Research Foundation mourns the passing of Michael Kennedy, beloved husband of dear friend, longtime supporter and treasured member of the BCRF Leaders Council, Eleonora. Leonard A. Lauder, Honorary Chairman Larry Norton, M.D., Scientific Director Myra J. Biblowit, President 1/3 KENNEDY--Michael. The Breast Cancer Research Foundation mourns the passing of Michael Kennedy, beloved husband of dear friend, longtime supporter and treasured member of the BCRF Leaders Council, Eleonora. Leonard A. Lauder, Honorary Chairman Larry Norton, M.D., Scientific Director Myra J. Biblowit, President 1/3 

KATZ--Alfred J.,M.D., 78, died on January 24, 2016 at his home in Rockville, MD. He is survived by his wife of 43 years Deborah; his daughters, Rebecca Katz (Matt Scharf) and Emily Katz (Laura Chapman), and grandchildren, Olivia, Benjamin, Leo and Eli. Also survived by his sister Miriam Cohen (Herb Cohen); sister-in-law Joan Rosenbaum (John Gorham); nephew Joshua Galper and niece Satya Welch and their families. Born and raised in the Bronx, beloved son of the late Charlotte (Breuer) and Sirol Katz, Dr. Katz was a graduate of the Bronx High School of Science, Swarthmore College, and the University of Pennsylvania Medical School. A Board certified pathologist/hematologist/blood banker, Dr. Katz had a distinguished career at the American Red Cross for more than 30 years, including as Executive Director of Blood Services at National Headquarters. An avid, top-seeded masters tennis player and a man of great intellect who cared deeply about his family and the world around him, his life was guided by high moral and ethical standards. He will be greatly missed. Donations in his memory may be made to the Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research. For further information, contact www.sagelbloomfield.com. 1/3 KATZ--Alfred J.,M.D., 78, died on January 24, 2016 at his home in Rockville, MD. He is survived by his wife of 43 years Deborah; his daughters, Rebecca Katz (Matt Scharf) and Emily Katz (Laura Chapman), and grandchildren, Olivia, Benjamin, Leo and Eli. Also survived by his sister Miriam Cohen (Herb Cohen); sister-in-law Joan Rosenbaum (John Gorham); nephew Joshua Galper and niece Satya Welch and their families. Born and raised in the Bronx, beloved son of the late Charlotte (Breuer) and Sirol Katz, Dr. Katz was a graduate of the Bronx High School of Science, Swarthmore College, and the University of Pennsylvania Medical School. A Board certified pathologist/hematologist/blood banker, Dr. Katz had a distinguished career at the American Red Cross for more than 30 years, including as Executive Director of Blood Services at National Headquarters. An avid, top-seeded masters tennis player and a man of great intellect who cared deeply about his family and the world around him, his life was guided by high moral and ethical standards. He will be greatly missed. Donations in his memory may be made to the Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research. For further information, contact www.sagelbloomfield.com. 1/3 

EISENPRESSER--George, passed away on January 22, 2016, surrounded by his beloved wife, Therese, and son, Jackson. He was 98 years of age. George was born on April 23, 1917 in Brooklyn, New York, and attended both City College and Pratt Institute. George was an accomplished businessman, Chairman and CEO of National Die and Button Mould Company. He loved sports, including fishing, golfing, skiing and horse racing. And was a great comrade among his peers. He practiced hatha yoga, deep breathing and exercised throughout his life. He also enjoyed collecting art and adding to his collection-and loaned selected pieces to museums. He had a sense of humor and outstanding charm with elegance and wit. Everyone loved him-children, adults, friends and peers. His writings and his conversations were always enlightening to hear. He was a World War II veteran and fought in battles and campaigns, including Ardennes, Central Europe, Rhineland, Normandy, Northern France, and Belgium. Throughout his life he belonged to many clubs, including the Seawane Country Club and the Lone Star Boat Club. He was a religious man and a member of Central Synagogue. For over 70 years he designed and manufactured varieties of metal stampings-nailheads, studs, rhinestones and settings, metal and covered buttons, buckles, and other metal works. His customers included leaders in the fashion industry, automotive, aviation, and the United States Military. He loved people and could converse with anyone on any level-he would always light up a room. His time in World War II as a French interpreter and radar specialist in the anti-aircraft division, and his participation in the Battle of the Bulge and the invasion of Normandy left him with many great stories that he loved to share. These stories always interested everyone who met him. He is survived by his wife-Therese; sister-Hilda; four children-Jackson/Marina, Marvin/Victoria, Robert, Eileen; two stepchildren-Pamela/Jay, James/Ana; eight grandchildren-Lana/David, Ivy, Abigail, Cooper, Maria, Marella, Brian, Tod; and his loyal dog-Guy. George will be deeply missed. A service will be held at Frank E. Campbell on January 28th at 10am to celebrate his life and profound contribution. 1/3 EISENPRESSER--George, passed away on January 22, 2016, surrounded by his beloved wife, Therese, and son, Jackson. He was 98 years of age. George was born on April 23, 1917 in Brooklyn, New York, and attended both City College and Pratt Institute. George was an accomplished businessman, Chairman and CEO of National Die and Button Mould Company. He loved sports, including fishing, golfing, skiing and horse racing. And was a great comrade among his peers. He practiced hatha yoga, deep breathing and exercised throughout his life. He also enjoyed collecting art and adding to his collection-and loaned selected pieces to museums. He had a sense of humor and outstanding charm with elegance and wit. Everyone loved him-children, adults, friends and peers. His writings and his conversations were always enlightening to hear. He was a World War II veteran and fought in battles and campaigns, including Ardennes, Central Europe, Rhineland, Normandy, Northern France, and Belgium. Throughout his life he belonged to many clubs, including the Seawane Country Club and the Lone Star Boat Club. He was a religious man and a member of Central Synagogue. For over 70 years he designed and manufactured varieties of metal stampings-nailheads, studs, rhinestones and settings, metal and covered buttons, buckles, and other metal works. His customers included leaders in the fashion industry, automotive, aviation, and the United States Military. He loved people and could converse with anyone on any level-he would always light up a room. His time in World War II as a French interpreter and radar specialist in the anti-aircraft division, and his participation in the Battle of the Bulge and the invasion of Normandy left him with many great stories that he loved to share. These stories always interested everyone who met him. He is survived by his wife-Therese; sister-Hilda; four children-Jackson/Marina, Marvin/Victoria, Robert, Eileen; two stepchildren-Pamela/Jay, James/Ana; eight grandchildren-Lana/David, Ivy, Abigail, Cooper, Maria, Marella, Brian, Tod; and his loyal dog-Guy. George will be deeply missed. A service will be held at Frank E. Campbell on January 28th at 10am to celebrate his life and profound contribution. 1/3 

Peter Sowrey said that he had been fired because he pushed to move events for this year’s Olympics in Rio de Janeiro from polluted Guanabara Bay. Peter Sowrey said that he had been fired because he pushed to move events for this year’s Olympics in Rio de Janeiro from polluted Guanabara Bay. Peter Sowrey claims he was fired as World Sailing's chief executive for advocating 2016 Olympic events be moved from Rio de Janeiro's polluted Guanabara Bay; other Olympics news noted.

Mr. Trump and Fox News faced off again, this time over the anchor Megyn Kelly’s inclusion as moderator for Thursday’s debate. Mr. Trump and Fox News faced off again, this time over the anchor Megyn Kelly’s inclusion as moderator for Thursday’s debate. Donald J Trump threatens not to participate in Republican presidential debate on Fox News unless network replaces news anchor Megyn Kelly as moderator; Trump has clashed with Kelly since first presidential debate in August 2015, when she questioned him about denigrating comments he made about women; incident, which raises threat of diminished viewership for Fox, represents latest confrontation in ongoing feud between media and political powerhouses.

Although Anthony was ruled out about two hours before tipoff, and although Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook posted extraterrestrial totals, the Knicks hung in until overtime. Although Anthony was ruled out about two hours before tipoff, and although Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook posted extraterrestrial totals, the Knicks hung in until overtime. Oklahoma City Thunder beats New York Knicks, 128-122, in overtime.

Ann Freedman and the Knoedler & Company gallery are being sued by Domenico and Eleanore De Sole, who paid $8.3 million in 2004 for what they thought was a Rothko work, “Untitled, 1956.” Ann Freedman and the Knoedler & Company gallery are being sued by Domenico and Eleanore De Sole, who paid $8.3 million in 2004 for what they thought was a Rothko work, “Untitled, 1956.” 

Priscilla Kelly Delmaro served eight months in jail for her crime, but her victim, in a letter, railed against the terms of her plea agreement. Priscilla Kelly Delmaro served eight months in jail for her crime, but her victim, in a letter, railed against the terms of her plea agreement. Michael Wilson Crime Scene column notes former fortuneteller Priscilla Kelly Delmaro left sentencing hearing at court in Manhattan a free woman after serving eight months in jail, and will serve four years of probation under plea agreement; notes Delmaro was convicted of swindling client Niall Rice out of hundreds of thousands of dollars by promising to reunite him with woman he loved.

Crosby has scored a goal in each of Pittsburgh’s past seven home games, the longest home streak of his illustrious career. Crosby has scored a goal in each of Pittsburgh’s past seven home games, the longest home streak of his illustrious career. NHL Roundup; Pittsburgh Penguins beat New Jersey Devils, 2-0; other pro hockey scores noted.

Thornton Dial was a self-taught artist whose work from scavenged materials told the story of black struggle in the South. Thornton Dial was a self-taught artist whose work from scavenged materials told the story of black struggle in the South. 

The Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ruled that the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey could kill the birds when a plane and its passengers are endangered. The Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ruled that the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey could kill the birds when a plane and its passengers are endangered. Federal appeals court rules airport officials have right to kill migratory birds if they pose threat to planes at Kennedy International Airport in New York; ruling is defeat for animal advocacy organization Friends of Animals, which filed suit against Port Authority of New York and New Jersey over killing of owls near airport.

Danielle Whyte pleaded not guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide and her companion, Jose Feliciano, pleaded not guilty of murder and manslaughter. Danielle Whyte pleaded not guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide and her companion, Jose Feliciano, pleaded not guilty of murder and manslaughter. Prosecutors announce Danielle Whyte of Bronx has been indicted on charges of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide in connection with death of her 7-week-old son; body was found after Whyte discusses her son's death with hospital worker.

One rule is meant to restrict some campaign donations, and another widens the disclosure rules for public relations consultants who speak to journalists. One rule is meant to restrict some campaign donations, and another widens the disclosure rules for public relations consultants who speak to journalists. New York State's Joint Commission on Public Ethics adopts two advisory opinions that will make fund-raising restrictions for elected officials tighter and will widen disclosure requirements for public-relations consultants; measures are meant to address commission's poor public image and reputation for inactivity.

Two police officers, who responded to a radio call after Officer Peter Liang shot and killed a man in Brooklyn, gave testimony in Officer’s Liang’s trial. Two police officers, who responded to a radio call after Officer Peter Liang shot and killed a man in Brooklyn, gave testimony in Officer’s Liang’s trial. New York City Police Officer Peter Liang testifies in his trial on manslaughter charges in shooting death of Akai Gurley in Brooklyn housing project.

With schools closed for a second day and many side streets still clogged with snow, Newark residents expressed frustration on Tuesday with the slow place of recovery from the weekend storm. With schools closed for a second day and many side streets still clogged with snow, Newark residents expressed frustration on Tuesday with the slow place of recovery from the weekend storm. Newark officials say they have made progress in restoring life to normal following blizzard, and that public schools are set to reopen.

Mr. Dial was a self-taught artist whose paintings and assemblages fashioned from scavenged materials found their way to the permanent collections of major museums. Mr. Dial was a self-taught artist whose paintings and assemblages fashioned from scavenged materials found their way to the permanent collections of major museums. Thornton Dial, self-taught artist whose work expressed experience of rural Southern blacks, dies at age 87; rose from poverty to prominence as works made from scavenged materials were exhibited in major museums across America.

President Hassan Rouhani is visiting Europe, meeting the pope, inking business deals and signaling that Iran is again engaging with the world. President Hassan Rouhani is visiting Europe, meeting the pope, inking business deals and signaling that Iran is again engaging with the world. 

A grand jury’s indictment of two abortion opponents who recorded Planned Parenthood officials is the latest sign that a campaign against the group has run into trouble. A grand jury’s indictment of two abortion opponents who recorded Planned Parenthood officials is the latest sign that a campaign against the group has run into trouble. Houston grand jury indictment of abortion opponents David R Daleiden and Sandra S Merritt, of Center for Medical Progress, who secretly recorded Planned Parenthood officials, is most recent blow to Republican campaign against the federally funded organization; Senate leaders fear impact of indictment could even threaten several Republican seats, and consequently GOP's majority. 

Kenyan forces pulled out of two towns in southern Somalia on Tuesday, and Islamist extremists moved into one of them. Kenyan forces pulled out of two towns in southern Somalia on Tuesday, and Islamist extremists moved into one of them. Kenyan military pulls out of Somalia after attack by Shabab militants reportedly killed scores of Kenyan peacekeepers.

A range of birth defects, not just small heads, may be linked to infection with the virus, federal health officials said on Tuesday. A range of birth defects, not just small heads, may be linked to infection with the virus, federal health officials said on Tuesday. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention officials say newborns should be tested for mosquito-borne Zika virus if their mothers visited or lived in any country experiencing outbreak and have reported symptoms of Zika virus infection; virus can be linked to defects in vision and hearing, among other abnormalities.

The Texas senator’s campaign is being tested as never before as Mr. Trump has pulled ahead in polls in Iowa, and it is showing signs of strain. The Texas senator’s campaign is being tested as never before as Mr. Trump has pulled ahead in polls in Iowa, and it is showing signs of strain. Sen Ted Cruz and his allies are working hard to stop gains by Donald J Trump in Republican presidential primary campaign, including running attack ads; Cruz's campaign is showing signs of stress in Iowa ahead of caucuses.

Dragan Covic, chairman of the three-member presidency, said that the formal application would be handed over on Feb. 15 and that by then Bosnia would try to have fulfilled the last two preconditions. Dragan Covic, chairman of the three-member presidency, said that the formal application would be handed over on Feb. 15 and that by then Bosnia would try to have fulfilled the last two preconditions. Bosnia is set to formally apply for European Union membership in February. 

A machete-wielding man attacked an American tourist couple as they walked along a remote beach on Grenada, killing the woman. A machete-wielding man attacked an American tourist couple as they walked along a remote beach on Grenada, killing the woman. Man wielding machete attacks tourist couple on remote Grenada beach, killing Jessica Lewis Colker; police are searching for motive.

Henrik Kristoffersen finished 0.61 of a second ahead of Marcel Hirscher of Austria, becoming only the fourth man to have won six slaloms in a World Cup season. Henrik Kristoffersen finished 0.61 of a second ahead of Marcel Hirscher of Austria, becoming only the fourth man to have won six slaloms in a World Cup season. Norway's Henrik Kristoffersen wins his sixth World Cup slalom event of season, something only three skiers have done before.

The police had questioned about 900 people over the past few days as part of a heightened security operation after terrorist attacks in Burkina Faso and Mali. The police had questioned about 900 people over the past few days as part of a heightened security operation after terrorist attacks in Burkina Faso and Mali. Police question scores of people in Senegal as part of extra security measures being taken in wake of terrorist attacks in Burkina Faso and Mali.

Canada discriminated against aboriginal children by underfunding welfare services on reserves, a human rights tribunal ruled. Canada discriminated against aboriginal children by underfunding welfare services on reserves, a human rights tribunal ruled. Canadian Human Rights Tribunal rules that government discriminated against aboriginal children by under-funding welfare services on reserves; decision could have profound impact on how other on-reserve programs and services are funded.

Devon Anderson, the Harris County, Tex., prosecutor has tried to walk a line as a by-the-book lawyer and an outspoken Republican conservative. Devon Anderson, the Harris County, Tex., prosecutor has tried to walk a line as a by-the-book lawyer and an outspoken Republican conservative. Harris County, Tex, District Attorney Devon Anderson is leading prosecution against David R Daleiden and Sandra S Merritt, who have been indicted on charges of intent to defraud in connection with undercover videos of Planned Parenthood officials; Anderson, who is a well-established conservative and outspoken pro-life proponent, says she will bring her traits as tough by-the-book lawyer to case charged with both law and politics. 

Though Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said the city was clearing its 5,000 miles of road lanes as fast as possible, she and other officials could not say when most streets would be plowed. Though Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said the city was clearing its 5,000 miles of road lanes as fast as possible, she and other officials could not say when most streets would be plowed. Residents of Baltimore's Hampden neighborhood, tired of being stranded by snow-clogged streets in absence of city plows, dig their way out with shovels.

The terrorist group Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb released a video of a Swiss nun who had been kidnapped in northern Mali. The terrorist group Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb released a video of a Swiss nun who had been kidnapped in northern Mali. Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb releases video outlining release conditions of Swiss nun Beatrice Stockly, who had been kidnapped in Mali; demands include release of members who are jailed in Mali.

Rose, a white rat who survived a roadside dumping and poison, died at home, just four days after she started acting in “The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time.” Rose, a white rat who survived a roadside dumping and poison, died at home, just four days after she started acting in “The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time.” Owner announces death of albino rat named Rose; rodent was profiled in The New York Times because she was preparing to play part in play The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time.

Many suspected of opposing the government have disappeared into secretive detention centers for weeks, rights groups said, and some have later turned up dead. Many suspected of opposing the government have disappeared into secretive detention centers for weeks, rights groups said, and some have later turned up dead. Human rights activists say hundreds of Egyptians, who are believed to be opponents of Pres Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, have disappeared for months at time into network of secretive detention centers; say prisoners have been interrogated harshly and have no access to legal protections.

The suspect, Samy Mohamed Hamzeh, 23, was charged with illegally buying a machine gun and a silencer to carry out the attack at a Masonic temple in the city. The suspect, Samy Mohamed Hamzeh, 23, was charged with illegally buying a machine gun and a silencer to carry out the attack at a Masonic temple in the city. Federal prosecutors say they have arrested Milwaukee man Samy Mohamed Hamzeh, who is charged with illegally buying machine gun in connection with apparent plans for mass shooting at Masonic temple in city; investigators say Hamzeh has not been charged with terrorism but that investigation is ongoing. 

The founder of Bikram yoga has been ordered to pay nearly $6.5 million in a lawsuit that said he had sexually harassed and wrongfully fired an adviser. The founder of Bikram yoga has been ordered to pay nearly $6.5 million in a lawsuit that said he had sexually harassed and wrongfully fired an adviser. Los Angeles jury orders Bikram Choudhury, founder of Bikram yoga, to pay $6.5 million in sexual harassment and wrongful dismissal lawsuit filed by former legal adviser Minakshi Jafa-Bodden; Choudhury has also been sued by six other women for sexual assault. 

A federal judge has dismissed an attempt to halt the removal of prominent Confederate monuments in New Orleans. A federal judge has dismissed an attempt to halt the removal of prominent Confederate monuments in New Orleans. 

A white police officer facing murder and other charges in the shooting death of an unarmed, naked black man quit his post with an Atlanta-area police agency. A white police officer facing murder and other charges in the shooting death of an unarmed, naked black man quit his post with an Atlanta-area police agency. DeKalb County, Ga, Police Officer Robert Olsen resigns from force; decision comes week after Olsen was indicted by grand jury on murder charges in 2015 fatal shooting of naked unarmed black man, Air Force veteran Anthony Hill, in apartment complex near Atlanta.

Recent El Niño storms have increased the Sierra Nevada snowpack to 115 percent of normal, more than drought-stricken California has had in five years, officials said. Recent El Niño storms have increased the Sierra Nevada snowpack to 115 percent of normal, more than drought-stricken California has had in five years, officials said. California water agency officials report increase of Sierra Nevada snowpack to 115 percent of normal figure, largest increase California has seen in five years; state continues to suffer critical water shortage despite modest increase.  

The discipline against the officers concluded a lengthy series of investigations into the police chase and gunfire that killed Timothy Russell and Malissa Williams. The discipline against the officers concluded a lengthy series of investigations into the police chase and gunfire that killed Timothy Russell and Malissa Williams. City of Cleveland dismisses six police officers for their participation in 2012 police chase in which 137 rounds were shot at car, killing unarmed black couple Timothy Russell and Malissa Williams; among officers fired is Michael Brelo, who had been acquitted of manslaughter.

Recent commercial real estate transactions in New York City. Recent commercial real estate transactions in New York City. 

Tyler Sash, who played on the 2012 Super Bowl team, was found dead in September after an accidental overdose of pain medication. His family said his behavior had become increasingly erratic. Tyler Sash, who played on the 2012 Super Bowl team, was found dead in September after an accidental overdose of pain medication. His family said his behavior had become increasingly erratic. Former New York Giants safety Tyler Sash, who died of accidental drug overdose at age 27, is found to have had severe chronic traumatic encephalopathy; had sustained several concussions in career and his family, suspicious of his uncharacteristically erratic behavior in retirement, donated his brain to be tested for disease.

Simon Greenshields, the former co-head of Morgan Stanley’s commodities business, has acquired the name and assets of the commodities trading firm. Simon Greenshields, the former co-head of Morgan Stanley’s commodities business, has acquired the name and assets of the commodities trading firm. 

A federal order will deprive local authorities of critical tools in an age of heightened fears about terrorism and mass shootings, some law enforcement leaders say. A federal order will deprive local authorities of critical tools in an age of heightened fears about terrorism and mass shootings, some law enforcement leaders say. Obama administration's order that law enforcement agencies across United States return surplus military equipment to federal government by April 1 has prompted complaints from some agencies; supporters of plan say equipment is unnecessary and can fuel police use of excessive force, while detractors hold military equipment helps officers in changed and increasingly violent world.

Officials took action against the operator of the water treatment plant in Sebring, who they said delayed raising an alarm and might have falsified documents. Officials took action against the operator of the water treatment plant in Sebring, who they said delayed raising an alarm and might have falsified documents. Ohio officials say lead contamination in tap water supplied to group of villages went uncorrected for months; while tests showed water from Mahoning River contained measurable levels of lead, much of it below federal allowable limit, local officials not only delayed corrective action but may have even falsified documents.

Mr. Margules, 56, is founder, president and chief of Margules Properties, a New York-based company that specializes in residential rental buildings. Mr. Margules, 56, is founder, president and chief of Margules Properties, a New York-based company that specializes in residential rental buildings. Vivian Marino 30-Minute Interview with Eric S Margules, president and chief executive of New York-based Margules Properties, which specializes in residential rental buildings.

Footage from Mrs. Clinton’s career — from Arkansas to the Senate to the State Department — is used to show her record on children and families. Footage from Mrs. Clinton’s career — from Arkansas to the Senate to the State Department — is used to show her record on children and families. 

Now that two members of an anti-abortion group have been indicted, politicians should back away. Now that two members of an anti-abortion group have been indicted, politicians should back away. Editorial lauds indictment by Harris County, Tex, grand jury of two members of Center for Medical Progress for felonies committed in course of making hidden-camera videos at Planned Parenthood office; notes neither Texas investigation nor House committee looking into matter has found evidence of wrongdoing at Planned Parenthood; decries ongoing persecution by Republicans of organization that provides essential health services for poor women.

The grandson, Hassan Khomeini, is a Shiite Muslim cleric of a lower rank than his famous grandfather and is associated with the reformist faction in Iran. The grandson, Hassan Khomeini, is a Shiite Muslim cleric of a lower rank than his famous grandfather and is associated with the reformist faction in Iran. Hassan Khomeini, grandson of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, first supreme leader of Islamic Republic of Iran, is reportedly barred from helping choose country's next supreme leader if Ayatollah Ali Kamenei should die or step down.

The five-time All-Star got into an argument with the Clippers&#8217; assistant equipment manager on Saturday at a restaurant during a team road trip, according to an ESPN report. The five-time All-Star got into an argument with the Clippers&#8217; assistant equipment manager on Saturday at a restaurant during a team road trip, according to an ESPN report. NBA Roundup; Los Angeles Clippers forward Blake Griffin will miss several weeks and may face disciplinary actions after fracturing right hand in altercation with assistant equipment manager; other pro basketball news noted.

It’s a seaside tailgating tradition, one that’s been slowly whittled by Daytona Beach laws. Now, leaders want to further curtail it in favor of development. It’s a seaside tailgating tradition, one that’s been slowly whittled by Daytona Beach laws. Now, leaders want to further curtail it in favor of development. Allowing motor vehicles on beach in Daytona Beach, Fla, is longstanding tradition, but local laws have become increasingly restrictive, much to dismay of local residents who see beaches as public land; plans for new growth put beachfront driving at risk, and case is in court.

Millions have weighed in with suggestions, reflections on the worth of women and views on the relative merits of Alexander Hamilton and Andrew Jackson. Millions have weighed in with suggestions, reflections on the worth of women and views on the relative merits of Alexander Hamilton and Andrew Jackson. Treasury Sec Jacob Lew's call for suggestions on which woman from history should grace $10 bill has generated tide of impassioned responses, many of them unexpected; invitation has sparked discussion of women's contributions and worth and relative merits of Alexander Hamilton and Pres Andrew Jackson, whose portraits are currently on $10 and $20 notes, with many arguing Jackson's image is one that should be replaced.

When snow falls, the streets get prompt attention, except where pedestrians cross. In the “most walkable large city in America,” why is that so? When snow falls, the streets get prompt attention, except where pedestrians cross. In the “most walkable large city in America,” why is that so? Op-Ed article by author Tom Vanderbilt criticizes New York City's relative neglect of pedestrians' needs, reflected by its failure to sufficiently clear sidewalks and crosswalks after recent blizzard; argues sidewalks, especially in cities where citizens frequently walk, should be considered essential public infrastructure along with roads, airports and other modes of travel.

Egypt’s police might want to beware of satirists bearing gifts, after a comedian managed to smuggle some dissent into Tahrir Square on Monday. Egypt’s police might want to beware of satirists bearing gifts, after a comedian managed to smuggle some dissent into Tahrir Square on Monday. 

Octo Telematics of Italy, whose devices help auto insurers set rates, is preparing its United States offering at a difficult time for market debuts. Octo Telematics of Italy, whose devices help auto insurers set rates, is preparing its United States offering at a difficult time for market debuts. Octo Telematics is preparing for initial public offering in United States, despite market conditions that are scaring off other potential initial public offerings; company, which produces technology that allows insurance companies to monitors driving patterns of car owners, hope to generate $350 million in proceeds and is aiming at valuation of at least $2 billion.

Apprehension is growing over the arrival of thousands of Muslims raised in countries where anti-Semitism and anti-Israeli sentiment are virulent. Apprehension is growing over the arrival of thousands of Muslims raised in countries where anti-Semitism and anti-Israeli sentiment are virulent. 

Lawyers for the defendant, Pedro Hernandez, had sought to bar Joan Illuzzi for her comments about the case during her political campaign last year. Lawyers for the defendant, Pedro Hernandez, had sought to bar Joan Illuzzi for her comments about the case during her political campaign last year. New York State Supreme Court Justice Maxwell Wiley rules Manhattan Dist Atty Joan Illuzzi can participate in retrial of Pedro Hernandez in case regarding killing of Etan Patz in 1979; defense had sought to bar Illuzzi from participating because of statements she made while running for Staten Island district attorney's office.

Construction begins next month on the project, which will add 50,000 square feet of new exhibition space and reduce congestion in the museum’s lobbies at a cost estimated at up to $400 million. Construction begins next month on the project, which will add 50,000 square feet of new exhibition space and reduce congestion in the museum’s lobbies at a cost estimated at up to $400 million. Museum of Modern Art scales back expansion plans for $400 million renovation meant to address problems of circulation and overcrowding; expects three-phase project to begin in Feb 2016 and be completed by 2020. 

The mayor asked for state funding for city public housing and homelessness prevention programs, while some lawmakers argued that the city should receive less help from Albany. The mayor asked for state funding for city public housing and homelessness prevention programs, while some lawmakers argued that the city should receive less help from Albany. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio calls on state lawmakers to allocate more money for city's various needs, pitch that falls on largely unsympathetic ears; de Blasio finds himself defending city's tax and spending practices to lawmakers in testimony that goes on for five hours.

The Australian rapper explains her love for Armani and for Paris. The Australian rapper explains her love for Armani and for Paris. 

The growing popularity of this industry has given stars like Mark Hamill creative ways to reach new fans. The growing popularity of this industry has given stars like Mark Hamill creative ways to reach new fans. Video game developers are turning to well-known actors to voice characters as games become more elaborate and scripted; voice work is strenuous and many actors find transition from television and film difficult but rewarding.

Officials crushed 1.5 tons of ivory, making Sri Lanka the first South Asian nation to publicly destroy ivory obtained through elephant poaching. Officials crushed 1.5 tons of ivory, making Sri Lanka the first South Asian nation to publicly destroy ivory obtained through elephant poaching. Sri Lanka crushes more than 300 elephant tusks in public ceremony, sending powerful message that new government of Pres Maithripala Sirisena will not tolerate illegal ivory trade.

Female officers regularly face sexual harassment by colleagues and superiors, and a fear of retaliation stops many from reporting incidents. Female officers regularly face sexual harassment by colleagues and superiors, and a fear of retaliation stops many from reporting incidents. 

The company’s quarterly revenue fell short of Wall Street forecasts, and it issued a disappointing forecast for the current period. The company’s quarterly revenue fell short of Wall Street forecasts, and it issued a disappointing forecast for the current period. Apple reports fiscal first-quarter results that show sales of iPhones have lagged, rising by less than 1 percent from quarter year earlier, slowest year-over-year growth rate ever for device; company also reports revenue of $75.9 billion, up 1.7 percent from year ago but lower than Wall Street forecasts.

Kotoshogiku won a top-level tournament in Tokyo over the weekend, the first for a Japanese sumo wrestler in 10 years. Kotoshogiku won a top-level tournament in Tokyo over the weekend, the first for a Japanese sumo wrestler in 10 years. Japanese sumo wrestler Kotoshogiku wins first six honbasho tournaments of 2016, becoming first Japanese wrestler to do so in 10 years.

The agreement does not contain cash settlements for the plaintiffs in the proposed class-action suit, but mandates a new national protocol for head injuries. The agreement does not contain cash settlements for the plaintiffs in the proposed class-action suit, but mandates a new national protocol for head injuries. Federal judge gives initial approval for settlement in lawsuit brought by group of athletes against NCAA over its handling of head injuries; requests NCAA not be immune to class-action concussion suits; agreement stipulates new national protocol for concussions and fund for monitoring health of former athletes but not individual cash settlements.

The move to deploy 220,000 troops for a day next month came as an official said the country was “badly losing the battle” against diseases like Zika. The move to deploy 220,000 troops for a day next month came as an official said the country was “badly losing the battle” against diseases like Zika. Brazil deploys 220,000 troops to help in battle against Zika virus, mosquito-borne conditions that has been linked to severe birth defects of thousands of infants.

Despite global economic turmoil, many economists argue that the American currency’s rise is mostly a good thing. But there are downsides, and not all in the United States. Despite global economic turmoil, many economists argue that the American currency’s rise is mostly a good thing. But there are downsides, and not all in the United States. Eduardo Porter Economic Scene column examines consequences strong dollar could have on economic growth, given that currency continues to rise and shows little sign of abating.

Readers appraise the agendas and the prospects of the two leading Democratic candidates. Readers appraise the agendas and the prospects of the two leading Democratic candidates. 

A federal judge orders that the 2013 settlement by the now-defunct Level Global Investors be vacated. A federal judge orders that the 2013 settlement by the now-defunct Level Global Investors be vacated. 

The second episode was Monday night’s highest-rated network series in the 18-to-49 year old demographic. The second episode was Monday night’s highest-rated network series in the 18-to-49 year old demographic. 

Under the agreement, New Jersey officials would be in charge of reducing the city’s debt of $240 million and making cuts to the size and cost of its civil services. Under the agreement, New Jersey officials would be in charge of reducing the city’s debt of $240 million and making cuts to the size and cost of its civil services. New Jersey Gov Chris Christie announces agreement has been reached with Atlantic City officials in which state will take control of city's finances in bid to save it from bankruptcy; agreement stops short of full takeover of city's government.

The move would allow Media General to be acquired by Nexstar for $2.3 billion. The move would allow Media General to be acquired by Nexstar for $2.3 billion. 

The former deputy mayor of economic development and rebuilding in New York is moving Sidewalk Labs, his technology firm, to a neighborhood of his making. The former deputy mayor of economic development and rebuilding in New York is moving Sidewalk Labs, his technology firm, to a neighborhood of his making. Daniel L Doctoroff, deputy mayor under former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, is expected to complete deal that will relocate his technology firm Sidewalk Labs to Hudson Yards enclave on Manhattan's West Side; Doctoroff was in part responsible for zoning changes that paved way for developments like Hudson Yards.

A group of globe-trotting food lovers called Ghetto Gastro want the Bronx recognized for the talent of its homegrown chefs. A group of globe-trotting food lovers called Ghetto Gastro want the Bronx recognized for the talent of its homegrown chefs. Ghetto Gastro, group of Bronx-Based, globe-trotting food lovers and chefs, are working to raise borough's profile as African-American culinary destination.

Black chefs are reinventing, reinterpreting and reinvigorating what’s thought of as African-American food. Black chefs are reinventing, reinterpreting and reinvigorating what’s thought of as African-American food. Emerging generation of black chefs and cookbook authors across United States are reinventing and reinvigorating African-American food through personal takes on traditional dishes.

A new generation of chefs is fusing history and innovation. A new generation of chefs is fusing history and innovation. 

The 1928 work, which depicts two Mexican women set against dense tropical foliage, is the museum’s first Kahlo painting. The 1928 work, which depicts two Mexican women set against dense tropical foliage, is the museum’s first Kahlo painting. Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, acquires rarely-seen Frida Kahlo painting Dos Mujeres (Salvadora y Herminia); work will be exhibited in special presentation before moving to museum's Americas Wing.

Mr. Vigoda was reported dead 34 years ago — erroneously — a story that stuck with him and helped make him a cult figure. Mr. Vigoda was reported dead 34 years ago — erroneously — a story that stuck with him and helped make him a cult figure. Abe Vigoda, actor known for his roles in movie The Godfather and sitcom Barney Miller, dies at age 94; worked in Broadway and Off-Broadway theater until achieving big break later in life when he was cast as gangster in Francis Ford Coppola's movie.

A plan for a privately funded war memorial would create a raised lawn with a sculpture on a 1.8 acre site near the White House, not part of the National Mall. A plan for a privately funded war memorial would create a raised lawn with a sculpture on a 1.8 acre site near the White House, not part of the National Mall. Design is unveiled for proposed World War I monument in Washington, DC; goal is to finish privately-funded monument in time for 100th anniversary of Armistice Day in November 2018. 


The unpublished “Tale of Kitty-in-Boots,” which was recovered from Ms. Potter’s archives in London, will be released this fall by Penguin Random House . The unpublished “Tale of Kitty-in-Boots,” which was recovered from Ms. Potter’s archives in London, will be released this fall by Penguin Random House . Previously unknown Beatrix Potter story The Tale of Kitty-in-Boots, which was discovered in Potter archives at Victoria and Albert Museum in London, will be published by Frederick Warne & Company, imprint of Penguin Young Readers.

A reader asks why New York City couldn’t turn to its own work force to find the necessary expertise. A reader asks why New York City couldn’t turn to its own work force to find the necessary expertise. 

A reader who is also a teacher commiserates. A reader who is also a teacher commiserates. 

A former Iranian diplomat says Iran “responds positively” to diplomacy but becomes “aggressive and inflexible” in the face of coercion. A former Iranian diplomat says Iran “responds positively” to diplomacy but becomes “aggressive and inflexible” in the face of coercion. 

The trickiest aspect of capturing Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn in the same image is knowing where to look. The trickiest aspect of capturing Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn in the same image is knowing where to look. 

A reader writes that our national parks belong to the American people. A reader writes that our national parks belong to the American people. 

The Standard & Poor’s/Case-Shiller 20-city home price index rose 5.8 percent from a year ago, up from a 5.5 percent pace in October, according to a report on Tuesday. The Standard & Poor’s/Case-Shiller 20-city home price index rose 5.8 percent from a year ago, up from a 5.5 percent pace in October, according to a report on Tuesday. Conference Board announces consumer confidence rose in January, from December 2015; Standard & Poor's/Case-Shiller 20-city home price index rose in November 2015 by 5.8 percent, compared with year ago, and National Assn of Realtors says sales of existing homes rose 6.5 percent over past year, to 5.26 million.

The new push will take the insurance company only toward mediocrity. The new push will take the insurance company only toward mediocrity. 

The head of Safe Horizon says ordinary people who did not ignore their suspicions have helped many trafficking victims get rescued. The head of Safe Horizon says ordinary people who did not ignore their suspicions have helped many trafficking victims get rescued. 

The leaders of tennis&#8217;s multiple governing bodies have been meeting about the corruption issue, which has acquired greater urgency during the Australian Open. The leaders of tennis&#8217;s multiple governing bodies have been meeting about the corruption issue, which has acquired greater urgency during the Australian Open. Officials from tennis's seven governing bodies, amid speculation about match fixing at Australian Open and high-profile scandals engulfing international soccer and track, agree to form independent commission to review sport's integrity.

If accepted, the offer for “The Birth of a Nation,” about Nat Turner, would be one of the highest prices ever paid for a film making its debut at the film festival. If accepted, the offer for “The Birth of a Nation,” about Nat Turner, would be one of the highest prices ever paid for a film making its debut at the film festival. Nate Parker film The Birth of a Nation has received enormous critical response at Sundance Film Festival, sparking bidding war between studios that Fox Searchlight has won by offering unprecedented $17.5 million for distribution rights; response to film, which is slave-revolt historical drama that stars Parker and features diverse cast, comes even as Academy Awards is facing widespread criticism for its all-white field of acting nominees.

Also, Alain Coumont opens Le Botaniste, a vegetarian wine bar, on the Upper East Side, and Claus Meyer is presenting a pop-up bakery in Brooklyn. Also, Alain Coumont opens Le Botaniste, a vegetarian wine bar, on the Upper East Side, and Claus Meyer is presenting a pop-up bakery in Brooklyn. Restaurants Wisefish Poke, Le Botaniste, Meyer's Bageri, The Regal, Ruffian Wine Bar and Chef's Table and Till & Sprocket open in New York City.

Migrants with assets above about $1,450 must now help pay for their stay. Goods with sentimental value like wedding rings are exempt from seizure. Migrants with assets above about $1,450 must now help pay for their stay. Goods with sentimental value like wedding rings are exempt from seizure. Denmark passes law requiring newly arrived asylum seekers to turn over valuables as way to contribute toward costs of their stay in country, stirring debate.

High-speed trading firms now dominate one of the last places where humans still play a crucial role in the stock markets. High-speed trading firms now dominate one of the last places where humans still play a crucial role in the stock markets. 

Sunset for the Oil-Rich? As prices fall, so do some Mideast fortunes. Sunset for the Oil-Rich? As prices fall, so do some Mideast fortunes. 

A win over Roger Federer on Thursday in the Australian Open semifinals would give Novak Djokovic career head-to-head leads over Federer, Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray. A win over Roger Federer on Thursday in the Australian Open semifinals would give Novak Djokovic career head-to-head leads over Federer, Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray. Christopher Clarey On Tennis column previews Novak Djokovic's upcoming Australian Open semifinal match against Roger Federer, which will break their 22-22 tie in head-to-head matches.

It is not only unclear who will come, but also whether they are even close to ready to make compromises to reduce the suffering of Syrian civilians. It is not only unclear who will come, but also whether they are even close to ready to make compromises to reduce the suffering of Syrian civilians. United Nations envoy Staffan de Mistura calls on assortment of rival Syrian politicians and warlords to meet in effort to end suffering of Syrian civilians and stop five-year-long war.

There are many reasons a Bloomberg presidential campaign is unlikely to catch fire, but that doesn’t mean it can’t influence the race. There are many reasons a Bloomberg presidential campaign is unlikely to catch fire, but that doesn’t mean it can’t influence the race. 

The move follows student protests over the use of Lord Jeffery Amherst, a colonial military commander who suggested killing Native Americans with smallpox-infected blankets. The move follows student protests over the use of Lord Jeffery Amherst, a colonial military commander who suggested killing Native Americans with smallpox-infected blankets. Amherst College trustees announce they will not longer use Lord Jeffery Amherst as school's unofficial mascot, and will not refer to him in official communications or logos; group of mostly alumni and students will consider whether to adopt new and official mascot to replace colonial-era military commander, now seen as symbol of oppression against Native Americans.

The best way to sideline agitators for independence is to push for more equitable distribution of our national wealth. The best way to sideline agitators for independence is to push for more equitable distribution of our national wealth. 

The Grammy-nominated performer posted photos of flat horizons and a recording — a “diss track” — critical of the celebrity astrophysicist. The Grammy-nominated performer posted photos of flat horizons and a recording — a “diss track” — critical of the celebrity astrophysicist. 

Talk of two potential big transactions dominated in Davos. Given the world’s parlous state, there are reasons to hope that both deals are made. Talk of two potential big transactions dominated in Davos. Given the world’s parlous state, there are reasons to hope that both deals are made. 

Activist hedge funds invest in troubled companies, push for change and make millions in profits, but when the market declines, those risky bets tumble. Activist hedge funds invest in troubled companies, push for change and make millions in profits, but when the market declines, those risky bets tumble. Steven Davidoff Solomon Deal Professor column observes declines in stock market have disproportionately impacted activist hedge funds, raising concerns about future of shareholder activism in down market.

The actresses discuss their film, directed by Danny Perez, which aims for cult horror territory. The actresses discuss their film, directed by Danny Perez, which aims for cult horror territory. 

Carnivores can delight in the menus at a bar turned dinner destination and a restaurant with Belgian cuisine. Carnivores can delight in the menus at a bar turned dinner destination and a restaurant with Belgian cuisine. Pete Wells reviews restaurants Resto in Kips Bay and Achilles Heel in Greenpoint, Brooklyn.

Wine-bar fare at a restored dockworkers bar in Greenpoint, and Koren Grieveson, the former chef of Avec in Chicago, takes over at Resto in Kips Bay. Wine-bar fare at a restored dockworkers bar in Greenpoint, and Koren Grieveson, the former chef of Avec in Chicago, takes over at Resto in Kips Bay. 

A reporter recalls how the modest town where she grew up differed from the high-priced city that will host Super Bowl 50 on Feb. 7. A reporter recalls how the modest town where she grew up differed from the high-priced city that will host Super Bowl 50 on Feb. 7. Karen Crouse Essay considers transformation of her hometown of Santa Clara, Calif, from rural agricultural town to bustling suburban center set to host Super Bowl 50 at Levi's Stadium, home of San Francisco 49ers.

Karl Lagerfeld created wood-accented clothes, Giambattista Valli reveled in flowers and Bouchra Jarrar took a bit of a feral turn. Karl Lagerfeld created wood-accented clothes, Giambattista Valli reveled in flowers and Bouchra Jarrar took a bit of a feral turn. 

Francis and Hassan Rouhani stressed “the importance of interreligious dialogue” to achieve solutions to the conflicts in the Middle East. Francis and Hassan Rouhani stressed “the importance of interreligious dialogue” to achieve solutions to the conflicts in the Middle East. Iranian Pres Hassan Rouhani meets with Pope Francis at Vatican to discuss involvement of religious communities in creating peace in Middle East; encounter is part of Rouhani's four-day visit to Italy and France following lifting of sanctions.

Foreign Minister Sergey V. Lavrov said that Russia would cooperate with the United States and European Union, but that “there will be no ‘business as usual’ anymore.” Foreign Minister Sergey V. Lavrov said that Russia would cooperate with the United States and European Union, but that “there will be no ‘business as usual’ anymore.” Russian Foreign Min Sergey V Lavrov says Russia is ready to renew relations with United States and European Union, but only so long as arrangement proceeds on equal terms; says nation will continue to defend its own interests. 

Venezuela’s newly empowered opposition wants to give away the deeds to hundreds of thousands of government-built homes — to win the loyalties of the poor. Venezuela’s newly empowered opposition wants to give away the deeds to hundreds of thousands of government-built homes — to win the loyalties of the poor. Venezuela’s government, led by Pres Nicolas Maduro, wants to give away deeds to hundreds of thousands of government-built homes in order to win loyalties of poor; homeownership would create capital for those who do not have it, something that could lead to long-term social mobility.

The new season — with works from the Venetian Republic and a Bruckner cycle — will continue a strong emphasis on classical music programming. The new season — with works from the Venetian Republic and a Bruckner cycle — will continue a strong emphasis on classical music programming. Carnegie Hall announces 2016-17 season; artistic director Clive Gillinson maintains classical focus while expanding offerings of both early music and premieres by modern composers.

Made with squash, it’s a great salad for a buffet, but you can also make a meal of it. Made with squash, it’s a great salad for a buffet, but you can also make a meal of it. Martha Rose Shulman Recipes for Health column shares recipe for panzanella with winter squash and sage.

The recommendation is expected to galvanize many more health providers to provide screening for women during pregnancy and after giving birth. The recommendation is expected to galvanize many more health providers to provide screening for women during pregnancy and after giving birth. Government-appointed panel recommends depression screening for women both during pregnancy and after birth, first time it has advocated evaluation for maternal mental illness; endorsement follows studies showing so-called postpartum depression is more common and begins earlier than previously thought, often taking hold during pregnancy; recommendation, published in JAMA, is given 'B' rating, which requires that it be covered under Affordable Care Act.

As the country’s stock markets fall, an investigation into the head of the statistics agency could cloud efforts to gauge the weakening growth. As the country’s stock markets fall, an investigation into the head of the statistics agency could cloud efforts to gauge the weakening growth. China's anticorruption commission announces investigation of Wang Baoan, head of National Bureau of Statistics of China, over 'serious violations'; announcement comes as accuracy of economic data from China has been questioned and country's falling stock market has rattled global markets.

Officials in the city near San Francisco have declared an emergency and condemned apartments that might fall into the sea. Officials in the city near San Francisco have declared an emergency and condemned apartments that might fall into the sea. 

Djokovic defeated Kei Nishikori 6-3, 6-2, 6-4, and Federer beat Tomas Berdych, 7-6 (4), 6-2, 6-4, to set up the 45th meeting between the tennis stars. Djokovic defeated Kei Nishikori 6-3, 6-2, 6-4, and Federer beat Tomas Berdych, 7-6 (4), 6-2, 6-4, to set up the 45th meeting between the tennis stars. 

San Antonio and Golden State met for the first time this season Monday, in one of the most hotly anticipated regular-season games in years. And the Warriors won by 30. San Antonio and Golden State met for the first time this season Monday, in one of the most hotly anticipated regular-season games in years. And the Warriors won by 30. 

The South Korean male pop star-turned-rapper has become one of the fashion house’s regulars. The South Korean male pop star-turned-rapper has become one of the fashion house’s regulars. 

The new rules, announced by the Obama administration, allow banks to provide direct financing for products other than agricultural commodities. The new rules, announced by the Obama administration, allow banks to provide direct financing for products other than agricultural commodities. United States eases restrictions on financing of exports and shipping goods to Cuba, move Obama administration believes will positively impact travel.

Bank shares were climbing, too, and consumer stocks received a lift from strong fourth-quarter results from companies like Procter & Gamble and Coach. Bank shares were climbing, too, and consumer stocks received a lift from strong fourth-quarter results from companies like Procter & Gamble and Coach. Stocks rise as price of oil rises almost 4 percent, day after falling sharply.

One is a gut-instinct tactician; the other, driven by data. With the caucuses near, both political veterans are seeking any advantage, and the most delegates. One is a gut-instinct tactician; the other, driven by data. With the caucuses near, both political veterans are seeking any advantage, and the most delegates. Hillary Rodham Clinton and Sen Bernie Sanders are engaged in strategic fight in Iowa, going neighborhood-by-neighborhood for voter support ahead of caucuses.

Apple’s GarageBand is not the only show in town. Apple’s GarageBand is not the only show in town. Tech Tips Q&A on whether version of GarageBand app is available for non-Apple hardware.

A new pizzeria in Kiev that hires only veterans of the war in eastern Ukraine as cooks offers free pies to veterans and hope in a place that hasn’t had much lately. A new pizzeria in Kiev that hires only veterans of the war in eastern Ukraine as cooks offers free pies to veterans and hope in a place that hasn’t had much lately. Kiev Journal; Pizza Veterano, new pizzeria in Kiev, Ukraine, hires only Ukrainian war veterans as cooks and offers free pies to veterans.

Marion Coutts was the mother to a toddler when her husband, the British art critic Tom Lubbock, learned he had a brain tumor. She writes about their last months. Marion Coutts was the mother to a toddler when her husband, the British art critic Tom Lubbock, learned he had a brain tumor. She writes about their last months. Dwight Garner reviews memoir The Iceberg by Marion Coutts. 

The actions were part of a wider day of protests in the public sector to denounce staff reductions, low salaries and education overhauls. The actions were part of a wider day of protests in the public sector to denounce staff reductions, low salaries and education overhauls. 

Passing gets the attention, but when offense meets defense in a football title game, defense holds the high card. Passing gets the attention, but when offense meets defense in a football title game, defense holds the high card. 

Secretary General Ban Ki-moon condemned attacks against civilians like the stabbing Monday that killed an Israeli woman, but he also cited Palestinian frustration over “a half century of occupation.” Secretary General Ban Ki-moon condemned attacks against civilians like the stabbing Monday that killed an Israeli woman, but he also cited Palestinian frustration over “a half century of occupation.” Israeli Prime Min Benjamin Netanyahu rebukes United Nations Sec Gen Ban Ki-moon for criticizing Israeli settlements during remarks on Palestinian violence against Israeli citizens; Ban's comments, which came on same day Israeli woman died from stab wounds from Palestinian assailant, condemned attacks but acknowledged Palestinian frustration over decades of occupation.

The man, Julian DeJesus, was in stable condition after being shot at his grandmother’s apartment at the Jacob Riis Houses, the police said. The man, Julian DeJesus, was in stable condition after being shot at his grandmother’s apartment at the Jacob Riis Houses, the police said. New York City police say they have arrested Julian DeJesus after he charged at two police officers in East Village apartment while brandishing knife; DeJesus was shot and wounded after refusing to drop weapon.

The insurance giant brushed aside Carl Icahn’s push for a breakup, saying it would sell or spin off some businesses and create nine operating units. The insurance giant brushed aside Carl Icahn’s push for a breakup, saying it would sell or spin off some businesses and create nine operating units. American International Group announces effort to streamline its operations, including plans to spend $25 billion on stock buybacks and dividends and cut operating costs by $1.6 billion; move is meant to address activist investors' demands, led by Carl C Icahn, for company to be broken up into three entities in order to lose its classification as systemically important financial institution.

We sent our reporter Trip Gabriel to live in Iowa. Here’s what he’s watching for as the caucuses near. We sent our reporter Trip Gabriel to live in Iowa. Here’s what he’s watching for as the caucuses near. 

The bureau managing the city’s retirement funds has not kept up with the times and lacks basic tools to identify risk, according to an independent report commissioned by the city comptroller’s office. The bureau managing the city’s retirement funds has not kept up with the times and lacks basic tools to identify risk, according to an independent report commissioned by the city comptroller’s office. Independent report commissioned by New York City Comptroller Scott M Stringer finds Bureau of Asset Management, city's pension system, is riddled with problems that make possibility of operational failure very likely; report calls for more resources and staffing, and warns of system's inability to identify portfolio risk.

Mr. Bailey, the chief executive of the central bank’s Prudential Regulation Authority, would take the top job at the financial markets regulator this year. Mr. Bailey, the chief executive of the central bank’s Prudential Regulation Authority, would take the top job at the financial markets regulator this year. 

The Beijing-based designer will make her debut on the couture calendar on Wednesday. The Beijing-based designer will make her debut on the couture calendar on Wednesday. 

It was the ready-to-wear grouping’s second season but the designer and his photographer-collaborator decided the debut called for an event. It was the ready-to-wear grouping’s second season but the designer and his photographer-collaborator decided the debut called for an event. 

With Pep Guardiola, José Mourinho and possibly Ryan Giggs in the wings, are van Gaal’s days at Manchester United numbered? With Pep Guardiola, José Mourinho and possibly Ryan Giggs in the wings, are van Gaal’s days at Manchester United numbered? 

A state training program has connected about two dozen Bhutanese refugees who wanted familiar agrarian jobs with farms that needed labor to fuel the yogurt boom in western New York. A state training program has connected about two dozen Bhutanese refugees who wanted familiar agrarian jobs with farms that needed labor to fuel the yogurt boom in western New York. Refugee Milker Training Program at Alfred State College, which began in 2014, has so far trained 23 Bhutanese refugees, who now work at dairy farms in western New York; program began because refugees in Rochester wanted agrarian jobs, and region's farms needed help due to yogurt boom, which has increased demand.

Members of the party establishment fear that time is running out for a credible alternative to emerge as the mainstream candidates continue to bash one another. Members of the party establishment fear that time is running out for a credible alternative to emerge as the mainstream candidates continue to bash one another. Republican leaders and donors are growing increasingly alarmed at infighting that has broken out among establishment presidential candidates and boost these brawls have given to Donald Trump and Ted Cruz; some donors are calling for candidates to step down if they do not pull ahead in polls soon, but candidates' insistence on remaining in contest points to long, expensive primary process.

With a month to go before the election, plenty of speculation remains about voting support, back-room deals and campaigning tactics. With a month to go before the election, plenty of speculation remains about voting support, back-room deals and campaigning tactics. Analysis of selection process for new FIFA president to replace suspended head Sepp Blatter.

The officer escaped with the militants in the second insider attack on the police in the southern province of Oruzgan in less than two weeks, an official said. The officer escaped with the militants in the second insider attack on the police in the southern province of Oruzgan in less than two weeks, an official said. Ten Afghan police officers are poisoned by colleague and shot in head by Taliban fighters he was working with.

Market volatility lingered in China after a drop in the price of oil led to a sell-off in American shares. Market volatility lingered in China after a drop in the price of oil led to a sell-off in American shares. 

In a deal worth $3.4 billion, Huntington Bancshares announced on Tuesday that it would acquire FirstMerit Corporation. In a deal worth $3.4 billion, Huntington Bancshares announced on Tuesday that it would acquire FirstMerit Corporation. 

Christie’s art sales last year, which included its $170.4 million auction of Modigliani’s “Nu Couché” in November, were down 5 percent over the same period the previous year. Christie’s art sales last year, which included its $170.4 million auction of Modigliani’s “Nu Couché” in November, were down 5 percent over the same period the previous year. Christie’s reports sales of $7.4 billion for 2015, five percent lower than previous year but still second-highest company's history.

The attorney general’s decision appears to prolong the premiership of Mr. Najib, who has struggled to explain the nearly $700 million sent to his personal accounts. The attorney general’s decision appears to prolong the premiership of Mr. Najib, who has struggled to explain the nearly $700 million sent to his personal accounts. Malaysia's Atty Gen Mohamed Apandi Ali closes investigation into Prime Min Najib Razak's funds, saying there is no evidence of corruption in nearly $700 million Saudi donation to Najib.

Seamus Heaney’s adaptation of Sophocles’ “Antigone,” at the Irish Repertory Theater, was written in response to the American invasion of Iraq. Seamus Heaney’s adaptation of Sophocles’ “Antigone,” at the Irish Repertory Theater, was written in response to the American invasion of Iraq. Ken Jaworowski reviews Irish Repertory Theater production of play The Burial at Thebes, Seamus Heaney adaption of Sophocles work Antigone, directed by Charlotte Moore, at DR2 Theater.

Also, peppery watercress; a halvah makeover in Chelsea Market; treats from a chocolate lab; da Vinci’s diet; and online lessons from Wolfgang Puck. Also, peppery watercress; a halvah makeover in Chelsea Market; treats from a chocolate lab; da Vinci’s diet; and online lessons from Wolfgang Puck. Florence Fabricant Front Burner column; Seed & Mill, new shop in Chelsea Market, offers moist version of Middle Eastern confection halvah in variety of delicious flavors; other food and cooking items noted.

How a humble, set-it-and-forget-it beef recipe went from family favorite to web sensation. How a humble, set-it-and-forget-it beef recipe went from family favorite to web sensation. Slow cooker roast invented by Misissippi cook Robin Chapman, and known to most as Mississippi Roast, has transformed from local favorite to Internet sensation; recipe given.

The Museum MACAN, for Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art in Nusantara, is being financed by the businessman and collector Haryanto Adikoesoemo. The Museum MACAN, for Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art in Nusantara, is being financed by the businessman and collector Haryanto Adikoesoemo. Businessman and art collector Haryanto Adikoesoemo plans to open Indonesia's first museum dedicated to international modern and contemporary art in West Jakarta; hopes his Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art in Nusantara, or Museum MACAN, will enhance country's growing arts scene.

The founder of MCMC Fragrances cherishes the hundred-year-old Japanese wooden trays given to her by her mother. The founder of MCMC Fragrances cherishes the hundred-year-old Japanese wooden trays given to her by her mother. Anne Serrano-McClain, founder of small-batch Brooklyn perfume company MCMC Fragrances, cherishes century-old Japanese wooden serving trays given to her by her mother.

Build them to order and devour them immediately. Bliss on a plate, and nothing fancy. Build them to order and devour them immediately. Bliss on a plate, and nothing fancy. David Tanis City Kitchen column offers recipe for chicken tacos with chipotle.

In a nimono, they’re all simmered in a tasty broth for a winter-weather antidote. (Article plus video.) In a nimono, they’re all simmered in a tasty broth for a winter-weather antidote. (Article plus video.) Melissa Clark A Good Appetite column shares recipe for Japanese chicken and root vegetable stew.

Bodega Chacra, a biodynamic estate in northern Patagonia, is producing wines that are rare in the region. Bodega Chacra, a biodynamic estate in northern Patagonia, is producing wines that are rare in the region. Eric Asimov The Pour column appreciates Argentinian pinot noir wines grown on Piero Incisa della Rocchetta' Bodega Chacra estate in Rio Negro Valley region of Patagonia.

Family recipes share the menu with dishes that lean to the West. Family recipes share the menu with dishes that lean to the West. Ligaya Mishan reviews Pravue Cafe and Albanian Grill in Ridgewood, Queens.

A restaurant in Ridgewood, Queens, serving Albanian comfort food. A restaurant in Ridgewood, Queens, serving Albanian comfort food. 

Los investigadores reconstruyeron los pasos mediante los cuales los genes incrementan el riesgo de que una persona desarrolle esquizofrenia. Los investigadores reconstruyeron los pasos mediante los cuales los genes incrementan el riesgo de que una persona desarrolle esquizofrenia. 

The death of Jumbo the elephant in 1885 and the arrival the following year of his “widow,” Alice, inspired some mammoth stories in The Times. The death of Jumbo the elephant in 1885 and the arrival the following year of his “widow,” Alice, inspired some mammoth stories in The Times. 

Working in places like Appalachia and Northern California, William Gendey challenged preconceived notions to find enduring — and unexpected — images. Working in places like Appalachia and Northern California, William Gendey challenged preconceived notions to find enduring — and unexpected — images. 

The trapeze instructor Suzi Winson teaches a class for older students. The trapeze instructor Suzi Winson teaches a class for older students. 

President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia announced that Latin American and Caribbean countries will come together to fight the Zika virus, with efforts such as fumigating against the disease-carrying mosquitos. President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia announced that Latin American and Caribbean countries will come together to fight the Zika virus, with efforts such as fumigating against the disease-carrying mosquitos. 

An attempt to categorize every insult Donald J. Trump has made on Twitter since declaring his candidacy for president. An attempt to categorize every insult Donald J. Trump has made on Twitter since declaring his candidacy for president. 

 The Republican candidates debated without the sulky orange-haired front-runner. Trump was probably wise to skip it. The Republican candidates debated without the sulky orange-haired front-runner. Trump was probably wise to skip it.

 David Phillips takes us into our solving weekend. David Phillips takes us into our solving weekend.

 After largely ignoring him, rivals are now hammering John Kasich in New Hampshire, the state where the Ohio governor has anchored his campaign. After largely ignoring him, rivals are now hammering John Kasich in New Hampshire, the state where the Ohio governor has anchored his campaign.

The Sharp Family Band from Kansas sang at a pavilion in the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge on Saturday, watched by Ryan and Ammon Bundy and other protesters. The Sharp Family Band from Kansas sang at a pavilion in the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge on Saturday, watched by Ryan and Ammon Bundy and other protesters. 

 Savings, yes, but how big? Savings, yes, but how big?

 Bernie Sanders’s campaign is trying to draw young Iowans to the caucuses with lightning-quick, irreverent videos. Bernie Sanders’s campaign is trying to draw young Iowans to the caucuses with lightning-quick, irreverent videos.

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

The New York Times film critics review “Rabin: The Last Day,” “The Finest Hours” and “Kung Fu Panda 3.” The New York Times film critics review “Rabin: The Last Day,” “The Finest Hours” and “Kung Fu Panda 3.” 

The artist Chris Fritton is visiting more than 100 shops across America, creating postcards and prints to send to his backers along the way. The artist Chris Fritton is visiting more than 100 shops across America, creating postcards and prints to send to his backers along the way. 

The Times critic Neil Genzlinger reviews “Kung Fu Panda 3.” The Times critic Neil Genzlinger reviews “Kung Fu Panda 3.” 

The Times critic Stephen Holden reviews “The Finest Hours.” The Times critic Stephen Holden reviews “The Finest Hours.” 

The Times critic A.O. Scott reviews “Rabin: The Last Day.” The Times critic A.O. Scott reviews “Rabin: The Last Day.” 

 Photos from Tunisia, Venezuela, Democratic Republic of Congo and Greece. Photos from Tunisia, Venezuela, Democratic Republic of Congo and Greece.

Tunisia and More — Pictures of the Day Tunisia and More — Pictures of the Day 

 Facebook is shutting down Parse, a toolkit and support system for mobile developers, which it acquired in 2013. Facebook is shutting down Parse, a toolkit and support system for mobile developers, which it acquired in 2013.

The chef shares how to make the mushroom toasts that will be served at a gala celebrating the Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive tonight. The chef shares how to make the mushroom toasts that will be served at a gala celebrating the Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive tonight. 

 The vice president drew laughter from House Democrats gathered for strategy sessions, telling them that the G.O.P. was making the 2016 campaign easier for them in several ways. The vice president drew laughter from House Democrats gathered for strategy sessions, telling them that the G.O.P. was making the 2016 campaign easier for them in several ways.

 Jim Gilmore, who has qualified for the so-called undercard debate on Thursday, the first debate that he’s qualified for since August, said: “I should be the president of the United States, I’m going to be the president of the United States.” Jim Gilmore, who has qualified for the so-called undercard debate on Thursday, the first debate that he’s qualified for since August, said: “I should be the president of the United States, I’m going to be the president of the United States.”

 The actress, who played the title character in a Broadway revival of “Peter Pan” starting in 1979, will play a grandmother. The actress, who played the title character in a Broadway revival of “Peter Pan” starting in 1979, will play a grandmother.

The brand’s new show, “Margot vs Lily,” begins online Monday. And its on-set trainer shares her New Year fitness formula with T. The brand’s new show, “Margot vs Lily,” begins online Monday. And its on-set trainer shares her New Year fitness formula with T. 

 Jeremy Philips, who beat Ted Cruz in the semifinals of the 1995 World Debating Championships, offered some pointers for Donald J. Trump should he accept Mr. Cruz’s challenge of a “mano a mano” debate. Jeremy Philips, who beat Ted Cruz in the semifinals of the 1995 World Debating Championships, offered some pointers for Donald J. Trump should he accept Mr. Cruz’s challenge of a “mano a mano” debate.

 Our partners for this annual contest chose 11 winners from a pool of 700 submissions. (The name that made it into nearly every rap submitted? No surprise: Donald Trump.) Our partners for this annual contest chose 11 winners from a pool of 700 submissions. (The name that made it into nearly every rap submitted? No surprise: Donald Trump.)

Campaigning in Iowa, the presidential candidates Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, and Chris Christie all weighed in on Donald J. Trump’s decision to skip Thursday’s debate. Campaigning in Iowa, the presidential candidates Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, and Chris Christie all weighed in on Donald J. Trump’s decision to skip Thursday’s debate. 

 Is there racial insensitivity in your high school, and how do officials respond? Is there racial insensitivity in your high school, and how do officials respond?

T teamed up with the photographer Iringó Demeter to create a series of videos capturing all the precise, meticulous detail of couture — in slow motion. T teamed up with the photographer Iringó Demeter to create a series of videos capturing all the precise, meticulous detail of couture — in slow motion. 

Hear the actress Sarah Paulson read the 2010 essay “Open Adoption: Not So Simple Math.” Hear the actress Sarah Paulson read the 2010 essay “Open Adoption: Not So Simple Math.” 

A closer view of looks from the spring 2016 haute couture shows. A closer view of looks from the spring 2016 haute couture shows. 

A Getty Images photographer visited Recife, Brazil, an area affected by the Zika virus, this week. A Getty Images photographer visited Recife, Brazil, an area affected by the Zika virus, this week. 

In a new exhibition, 30 of the artist’s early, less showy collages celebrate intimacy and sexual liberation. In a new exhibition, 30 of the artist’s early, less showy collages celebrate intimacy and sexual liberation. 

The house showed magical spring/summer 2016 looks, heavily infused with Greco-Roman influences — but no shoes. The house showed magical spring/summer 2016 looks, heavily infused with Greco-Roman influences — but no shoes. 

 Mr. Trump’s squabble with Fox News has given the world the perfect description of his campaign style. Mr. Trump’s squabble with Fox News has given the world the perfect description of his campaign style.

Grimur Hakonarson narrates a sequence from “Rams.” Grimur Hakonarson narrates a sequence from “Rams.” 

 People who could embrace Carly Fiorina, the former Hewlett-Packard chief executive who is struggling in single digits in most Iowa polls, say they might ultimately go for another Republican choice, or even switch parties and vote for a Democrat. People who could embrace Carly Fiorina, the former Hewlett-Packard chief executive who is struggling in single digits in most Iowa polls, say they might ultimately go for another Republican choice, or even switch parties and vote for a Democrat.

 Snapchat’s first foray into original news programming “aims to provide young voters with an informative and entertaining glimpse into what life on the campaign trail is like,” a spokeswoman says. Snapchat’s first foray into original news programming “aims to provide young voters with an informative and entertaining glimpse into what life on the campaign trail is like,” a spokeswoman says.

 Mr. Sanders’s campaign released a letter from the congressional physician summarizing his medical history. Mr. Sanders’s campaign released a letter from the congressional physician summarizing his medical history.

 The annual free Shakespeare in the Park productions will be “The Taming of the Shrew” and “Troilus and Cressida” this summer. The annual free Shakespeare in the Park productions will be “The Taming of the Shrew” and “Troilus and Cressida” this summer.

 Donald J. Trump still leads by a large margin in a new poll, with Gov. John Kasich of Ohio, Senators Ted Cruz of Texas and Marco Rubio of Florida and former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida in a close contest for second place. Donald J. Trump still leads by a large margin in a new poll, with Gov. John Kasich of Ohio, Senators Ted Cruz of Texas and Marco Rubio of Florida and former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida in a close contest for second place.

From its stunning Beaux-Arts station to its cool bars serving Porto’s signature drink, this charming city combines the best of old and new. From its stunning Beaux-Arts station to its cool bars serving Porto’s signature drink, this charming city combines the best of old and new. 

Multiple references and an abundance of fabrics came together in each of John Galliano’s spring/summer 2016 couture looks. Multiple references and an abundance of fabrics came together in each of John Galliano’s spring/summer 2016 couture looks. 

Small-town Iowans have a huge role in picking the next president. Their deep commitment to the process paints a distinct portrait of democracy. Small-town Iowans have a huge role in picking the next president. Their deep commitment to the process paints a distinct portrait of democracy. 

 In response to recent editorials and columns, readers condemned the decisions that put thousands of children in Flint at risk. In response to recent editorials and columns, readers condemned the decisions that put thousands of children in Flint at risk.

Parker Sawyers and Tika Sumpter play the first couple — on their first date — in the Sundance favorite “Southside With You.” Parker Sawyers and Tika Sumpter play the first couple — on their first date — in the Sundance favorite “Southside With You.” 

 The new ad, criticizing Marco Rubio on immigration, is the first one attacking him to be run by Ted Cruz’s campaign. The new ad, criticizing Marco Rubio on immigration, is the first one attacking him to be run by Ted Cruz’s campaign.

 Mike Huckabee, the winner of the 2008 Iowa caucuses who has been struggling to gain traction in this year’s race, will appear with Donald J. Trump and an event for veterans that the billionaire businessman has scheduled as counterprogramming to tonight’s debate on Fox News. Mike Huckabee, the winner of the 2008 Iowa caucuses who has been struggling to gain traction in this year’s race, will appear with Donald J. Trump and an event for veterans that the billionaire businessman has scheduled as counterprogramming to tonight’s debate on Fox News.

 Bernie Sanders’s campaign releases a tough new ad that implicitly highlights Hillary Clinton’s acceptance of speaking fees from Wall Street. Bernie Sanders’s campaign releases a tough new ad that implicitly highlights Hillary Clinton’s acceptance of speaking fees from Wall Street.

 Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield, the ice cream makers, detailed the inspiration for their new flavor, Bernie’s Yearning, named for the Democratic presidential candidate who represents their home state of Vermont in the Senate. Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield, the ice cream makers, detailed the inspiration for their new flavor, Bernie’s Yearning, named for the Democratic presidential candidate who represents their home state of Vermont in the Senate.

The house’s all-white collection was inspired by a simple polo shirt and culminated in a theatrical show that included outsize sculptures over models’ heads. The house’s all-white collection was inspired by a simple polo shirt and culminated in a theatrical show that included outsize sculptures over models’ heads. 

 Iowa’s Republican governor, Terry E. Branstad, declined to criticize Donald J. Trump for his decision to skip Thursday night’s presidential debate, but he also marveled at what he described as the Trump phenomenon. Iowa’s Republican governor, Terry E. Branstad, declined to criticize Donald J. Trump for his decision to skip Thursday night’s presidential debate, but he also marveled at what he described as the Trump phenomenon.

 Exactly how much does religion matter to American voters? Exactly how much does religion matter to American voters?

To celebrate smells both natural and synthetic, chef Jean-Georges Vongerichten recently created dishes based on the scent notes of a line of perfumes. To celebrate smells both natural and synthetic, chef Jean-Georges Vongerichten recently created dishes based on the scent notes of a line of perfumes. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Senator Fulbright leads a revolt on President Johnson’s Vietnam policy in 1966. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Senator Fulbright leads a revolt on President Johnson’s Vietnam policy in 1966.

Ben Cohen, a co-founder of Ben & Jerry’s, explained the company’s new Bernie Sanders-themed ice cream flavor. Ben Cohen, a co-founder of Ben & Jerry’s, explained the company’s new Bernie Sanders-themed ice cream flavor. 

 Colin Connor, a former soloist with Limón Dance Company who went on to a career in choreography and education, returns, to the foundation. Colin Connor, a former soloist with Limón Dance Company who went on to a career in choreography and education, returns, to the foundation.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: New life flows into the Axis war machine in the Mediterranean in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: New life flows into the Axis war machine in the Mediterranean in 1941.

 Tickets for a triple bill by Paul Taylor American Modern Dance on March 15 will cost $5. Tickets for a triple bill by Paul Taylor American Modern Dance on March 15 will cost $5.

 Mark Zuckerberg has told investors over and over: Don’t expect Facebook to focus much on quarterly earnings. The company is taking the long view. But that long view is sure looking spectacular in quarterly earnings. Mark Zuckerberg has told investors over and over: Don’t expect Facebook to focus much on quarterly earnings. The company is taking the long view. But that long view is sure looking spectacular in quarterly earnings.

To win the nomination, he will have to meet the challenges of turnout, negative advertising, a winnowed field and possible hostility from party elites. To win the nomination, he will have to meet the challenges of turnout, negative advertising, a winnowed field and possible hostility from party elites. 

In her winter rental, a Brooklynite fantasizes about effortless parking, tire swings and home canning in a country house. In her winter rental, a Brooklynite fantasizes about effortless parking, tire swings and home canning in a country house. 

 Doctors, it turns out, aren’t much different than everyone else when it comes to where they die. Doctors, it turns out, aren’t much different than everyone else when it comes to where they die.

 On Jan. 5, 2008, presidential candidates from both major parties met briefly onstage between back-to-back debates in Manchester, N.H. On Jan. 5, 2008, presidential candidates from both major parties met briefly onstage between back-to-back debates in Manchester, N.H.

 The hypothetical question of what would happen at the Republican debates without Donald J. Trump has loomed over the first six face-offs. That question is about to be answered. The hypothetical question of what would happen at the Republican debates without Donald J. Trump has loomed over the first six face-offs. That question is about to be answered.

 The presidential campaign was the talk of Congress on Wednesday, as, among other things, Harry Reid, the Democratic leader from Nevada, went to the floor to retract previous joking comments he had made to reporters that he was “kind of pulling for” Donald J. Trump. The presidential campaign was the talk of Congress on Wednesday, as, among other things, Harry Reid, the Democratic leader from Nevada, went to the floor to retract previous joking comments he had made to reporters that he was “kind of pulling for” Donald J. Trump.

 5 Ex-Brokers Cleared in London Libor Trial | Frank Quattrone to Step Down as Chief of Qatalyst 5 Ex-Brokers Cleared in London Libor Trial | Frank Quattrone to Step Down as Chief of Qatalyst

 Hillary Clinton will return to rural Iowa on Thursday for a whirlwind schedule of events across the state before Monday’s caucuses. But don’t expect her to veer off script. Hillary Clinton will return to rural Iowa on Thursday for a whirlwind schedule of events across the state before Monday’s caucuses. But don’t expect her to veer off script.

Thursday: A groundbreaking women’s team, warmer weather, and a Brooklyn hero. Thursday: A groundbreaking women’s team, warmer weather, and a Brooklyn hero. 

Here’s what you need to know to start the day. Here’s what you need to know to start the day. 

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 Do you wish there was less small talk in the world and more “big talk” about meaningful things? Would you be willing to jump right in and answer a profound question posed by a stranger? Do you wish there was less small talk in the world and more “big talk” about meaningful things? Would you be willing to jump right in and answer a profound question posed by a stranger?

 Why is finding the right voice for a character increasingly “crucial to the narrative” for video games? Why is finding the right voice for a character increasingly “crucial to the narrative” for video games?

The persistent, negative effects of Chinese trade on much of the American labor market make economists re-examine long-held views. The persistent, negative effects of Chinese trade on much of the American labor market make economists re-examine long-held views. The Upshot; paper by economists David Autor, David Dorn and Gordon Hanson puts forward case that American trade with China has depressed American labor market, conclusion that authors have long held and is now finding more purchase among wider range of economists; conclusion stands in stark contrast to long-held belief on part of majority of economists that free trade results in net benefit to American labor.

Democrats are too quick to assume they have a monopoly on caring. Bravo to efforts by some Republicans to disprove them. Democrats are too quick to assume they have a monopoly on caring. Bravo to efforts by some Republicans to disprove them. Nicholas Kristof Op-Ed column argues liberals should encourage recent signs of resurgent George W Bush-style 'compassionate conservatism' among Republicans, who will likely control Congress and wield significant power even if Democrat is elected president; chides both parties for not doing enough to alleviate poverty.

At the town hall, her back was against the wall, and she was brilliant. That seems to be when she gives her best performances. At the town hall, her back was against the wall, and she was brilliant. That seems to be when she gives her best performances. 

Let’s look at how the two Democratic candidates — Martin who? — differ. Let’s look at how the two Democratic candidates — Martin who? — differ. Gail Collins Op-Ed column analyzes campaigns of leading Democratic presidential candidates Bernie Sanders and Hillary Rodham Clinton; discusses how they differ on issues.

The World Health Organization must coordinate a broad international response to the spread of the virus. The World Health Organization must coordinate a broad international response to the spread of the virus. Editorial urges World Health Organization to swiftly address emerging threat of Zika virus in South and Central America; claims series of actions taken so far by range of countries and institutions will not do enough to prevent potential spread of virus; calls for convening of emergency committee to brief WHO officials on most effective strategies.

Nobody’s sure, but prominent Republicans are not rallying to him. Nobody’s sure, but prominent Republicans are not rallying to him. 

 Would the universal social benefits Bernie Sanders campaigns on address the problems that black Americans continue to face? Would the universal social benefits Bernie Sanders campaigns on address the problems that black Americans continue to face?

 When Electrolux closed its factory in a small Iowa town, residents learned how globalization is more than just a buzzword tossed about during presidential caucuses. When Electrolux closed its factory in a small Iowa town, residents learned how globalization is more than just a buzzword tossed about during presidential caucuses.

Quotation of the Day for Thursday, January 28, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Thursday, January 28, 2016. 

Corrections appearing in print on Thursday, January 28, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Thursday, January 28, 2016. 

“You, Me, and the Apocalypse” plays doomsday for laughs. Josh Gad touches himself in “Lip Sync Battle.” And Danny starts to unravel Alex’s identity in “London Spy.” “You, Me, and the Apocalypse” plays doomsday for laughs. Josh Gad touches himself in “Lip Sync Battle.” And Danny starts to unravel Alex’s identity in “London Spy.” 

Aleksandra Duliba of Belarus, the winner of the women’s race at the 2013 Los Angeles Marathon, received a two-year ban. Aleksandra Duliba of Belarus, the winner of the women’s race at the 2013 Los Angeles Marathon, received a two-year ban. Aleksandra Duliba is barred from Los Angeles Marathon for two years for biological passport violation. 

The heavyweight champion Tyson Fury met with British boxing officials this week to discuss contentious remarks he made about gays and abortions. The heavyweight champion Tyson Fury met with British boxing officials this week to discuss contentious remarks he made about gays and abortions. Heavyweight boxing champion Tyson Fury talks with British boxing officials about contentious remarks he made about homosexuality and abortion.

Fox Sports named Paul Azinger its lead golf analyst, a week after the company parted with Greg Norman. Fox Sports named Paul Azinger its lead golf analyst, a week after the company parted with Greg Norman. Paul Azinger replaces Greg Norman as lead golf analyst for Fox Sports; other sports media news noted.

Sergio Agüero clinched Manchester City a place in the English League Cup final by scoring the decisive goal in a 3-1 home win over Everton, sealing a 4-3 victory on aggregate. Sergio Agüero clinched Manchester City a place in the English League Cup final by scoring the decisive goal in a 3-1 home win over Everton, sealing a 4-3 victory on aggregate. Manchester City defeats Everton, 3-1, to advance to English League Cup final on 4-3 aggregate; other soccer matches noted.

The Olympic and world giant slalom champion Ted Ligety said he tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee during a training crash Wednesday in Oberjoch, Germany. The Olympic and world giant slalom champion Ted Ligety said he tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee during a training crash Wednesday in Oberjoch, Germany. Skier Ted Ligety suffers knee injury during training crash in Oberjoch, Germany; other winter sports news noted.

 This word has appeared in four New York Times articles in the past year. This word has appeared in four New York Times articles in the past year.

President Obama signed a presidential memorandum creating a White House task force on cancer. President Obama signed a presidential memorandum creating a White House task force on cancer. Pres Obama will sign presidential memorandum creating White House task force on cancer, taking first step in Vice Pres Joe Biden's 'moonshot' push to cure disease.

EVANS--John C. The Board of Trustees and staff of Dia Art Foundation mourn the loss of John C. Evans and extend our deepest condolences to his family and friends. Evans served as a Trustee of Dia Art Foundation from 1985-2003 and was a Trustee Emeritus at the time of his passing. We will deeply miss Evans's counsel, generosity, and enthusiasm. Nathalie de Gunzburg, Chairman, and Jessica Morgan, Director, Dia Art Foundation 1/3 EVANS--John C. The Board of Trustees and staff of Dia Art Foundation mourn the loss of John C. Evans and extend our deepest condolences to his family and friends. Evans served as a Trustee of Dia Art Foundation from 1985-2003 and was a Trustee Emeritus at the time of his passing. We will deeply miss Evans's counsel, generosity, and enthusiasm. Nathalie de Gunzburg, Chairman, and Jessica Morgan, Director, Dia Art Foundation 1/3 

ZAGER--Leya. The Trustees, Officers and staff of Gruss Life Monument Funds and the Center for Initiatives in Jewish Education mourn the passing of Mrs. Leya Zager, ob"m, beloved mother of Mrs. Hannah Cury, mother-in-law of our devoted President and CEO, Jason Cury. May the family be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. Martin D. Gruss, Chairman Gruss Life Monument Funds 1/3 ZAGER--Leya. The Trustees, Officers and staff of Gruss Life Monument Funds and the Center for Initiatives in Jewish Education mourn the passing of Mrs. Leya Zager, ob"m, beloved mother of Mrs. Hannah Cury, mother-in-law of our devoted President and CEO, Jason Cury. May the family be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. Martin D. Gruss, Chairman Gruss Life Monument Funds 1/3 

PICKUS--Robert, who devoted his life to developing non-violent alternatives to war, died on January 26 in St. Helena, CA. He was 92. He is survived by his wife, Sara, his sons Joshua and Noah, and his grandchildren Linkon, Micah, Reed and Mira. 1/3 PICKUS--Robert, who devoted his life to developing non-violent alternatives to war, died on January 26 in St. Helena, CA. He was 92. He is survived by his wife, Sara, his sons Joshua and Noah, and his grandchildren Linkon, Micah, Reed and Mira. 1/3 

KENNEDY--Michael J. It is with great sorrow we acknowledge the loss of our beloved friend and neighbor, Michael Kennedy. Mr. Kennedy served on our Board for many years and graced us with his wisdom and integrity. A great man who touched so many with his warmth and vibrance. He will be greatly missed. Our heartfelt condolences to his loving wife, Eleanora, his children Anna, Scott and Lisa and his cherished grandchildren. Board of Directors, Management & Staff, Hampshire House 1/3 KENNEDY--Michael J. It is with great sorrow we acknowledge the loss of our beloved friend and neighbor, Michael Kennedy. Mr. Kennedy served on our Board for many years and graced us with his wisdom and integrity. A great man who touched so many with his warmth and vibrance. He will be greatly missed. Our heartfelt condolences to his loving wife, Eleanora, his children Anna, Scott and Lisa and his cherished grandchildren. Board of Directors, Management & Staff, Hampshire House 1/3 

REICH--Dr. Robert (Bob), a psychiatrist who treated patients in his Upper East Side and Great Neck practices and a clinical assistant professor at Mt. Sinai Medical School, died on Monday at 79. Born in Montreal, he attended McGill University, edited The McGill Daily, and earned his M.D. at the University of Saskatchewan, where he met Mary, his wife of 54 years. As head of Psychiatry for the New York City Welfare Department under Mayor Koch, he waged a prescient fight against the impending homeless crisis. His patients ranged from celebrities to the indigent, and he was deeply committed to each one as an individual. A broad smile and a winning sense of humor told you instantly that you were in the presence of someone who would sympathetically take the full measure of your being. His stamina was superhuman; he worked long hours and still made himself available round the clock until the day he entered the hospital. His involvement was uncommonly broad, running from child to geriatric, from drugs and talk therapy, to being a pioneer in public psychiatry. Lover of hootenannies, Leadbelly, and opera; gourmet and wine connoisseur; tennis player and fan; magnanimous host and storyteller, Dr. Reich is survived by Mary, two children, Jim and Sharon, and three grandchildren. A funeral service will be held at Riverside North Chapel in Great Neck, on Friday, January 29, at 11:30 am. 1/3 REICH--Dr. Robert (Bob), a psychiatrist who treated patients in his Upper East Side and Great Neck practices and a clinical assistant professor at Mt. Sinai Medical School, died on Monday at 79. Born in Montreal, he attended McGill University, edited The McGill Daily, and earned his M.D. at the University of Saskatchewan, where he met Mary, his wife of 54 years. As head of Psychiatry for the New York City Welfare Department under Mayor Koch, he waged a prescient fight against the impending homeless crisis. His patients ranged from celebrities to the indigent, and he was deeply committed to each one as an individual. A broad smile and a winning sense of humor told you instantly that you were in the presence of someone who would sympathetically take the full measure of your being. His stamina was superhuman; he worked long hours and still made himself available round the clock until the day he entered the hospital. His involvement was uncommonly broad, running from child to geriatric, from drugs and talk therapy, to being a pioneer in public psychiatry. Lover of hootenannies, Leadbelly, and opera; gourmet and wine connoisseur; tennis player and fan; magnanimous host and storyteller, Dr. Reich is survived by Mary, two children, Jim and Sharon, and three grandchildren. A funeral service will be held at Riverside North Chapel in Great Neck, on Friday, January 29, at 11:30 am. 1/3 

MAGER--Arthur D.,beloved husband of Sandra and son of Morris and Ethel of Cedarhurst, NY, expired on January 24. Born July 27, 1927, he was a dedicated husband, father (Dan, Andy, Amy, Ellen) and grandfather who made a positive difference in the lives of his family and community. 1/3 MAGER--Arthur D.,beloved husband of Sandra and son of Morris and Ethel of Cedarhurst, NY, expired on January 24. Born July 27, 1927, he was a dedicated husband, father (Dan, Andy, Amy, Ellen) and grandfather who made a positive difference in the lives of his family and community. 1/3 

HOLZMANN-LANE--Edith, M.D.,passed away January 26, 2016. Devoted wife of the late Dr. Leo Holzmann and the late Fred Lane, beloved sister of the late Walter Gutmann. Dedicated physician, practiced for many years in Flushing, NY. Funeral service January 28, 2016 at Sinai Chapels. Contribution may be made to charity of your choice. 1/3 HOLZMANN-LANE--Edith, M.D.,passed away January 26, 2016. Devoted wife of the late Dr. Leo Holzmann and the late Fred Lane, beloved sister of the late Walter Gutmann. Dedicated physician, practiced for many years in Flushing, NY. Funeral service January 28, 2016 at Sinai Chapels. Contribution may be made to charity of your choice. 1/3 

MURPHY--Elinor C.,87, of San Diego, CA, formerly of East 20th St. in New York City, died in her sleep on January 26, 2016. Mother of Jim and Tom. She was predeceased by her husband Albert. Calling hours, January 28, 2-5pm and 7-9pm at Andrett Funeral Home, 199 Bleecker St., NYC. Services Friday, 10:30am, Epiphany Church, 2nd Ave. and 22nd St. Burial to follow at Calverton National Cemetery on Long Island. 1/3 MURPHY--Elinor C.,87, of San Diego, CA, formerly of East 20th St. in New York City, died in her sleep on January 26, 2016. Mother of Jim and Tom. She was predeceased by her husband Albert. Calling hours, January 28, 2-5pm and 7-9pm at Andrett Funeral Home, 199 Bleecker St., NYC. Services Friday, 10:30am, Epiphany Church, 2nd Ave. and 22nd St. Burial to follow at Calverton National Cemetery on Long Island. 1/3 

SISKIND--Beth, (formerly of Scarsdale, NY), on the morning of January 25, 2016 in her New York City home. Born Beth Diana Mohel August 10, 1940, she spent her first 18 years in New Bedford, MA, graduated from New Bedford High School and earned a bachelor's degree at Skidmore College (1962). A high- light of her time at Skidmore was an 11-week trip to Europe's Festivals of Art and Music which she financed through her successful investments in the stock market beginning at the age of 13. While raising her two boys in Scarsdale, Beth earned a Master's degree from the New School of Social Research. Beth was a dedicated mother, wife and grandmother. A lover of the arts and education, she relished being an angel for plays on Broadway and her most passionate charity work included efforts on behalf of Brandeis University, and Skidmore College. She will be greatly missed by husband Donald, sister Judith Hertz, sons Steven and Edward, their wives Moira and Lucinda and grandchildren Leila, Samuel and James. A service in her memory will be held at Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Ave., New York, NY at 12pm on Thursday, January 28. 1/3 SISKIND--Beth, (formerly of Scarsdale, NY), on the morning of January 25, 2016 in her New York City home. Born Beth Diana Mohel August 10, 1940, she spent her first 18 years in New Bedford, MA, graduated from New Bedford High School and earned a bachelor's degree at Skidmore College (1962). A high- light of her time at Skidmore was an 11-week trip to Europe's Festivals of Art and Music which she financed through her successful investments in the stock market beginning at the age of 13. While raising her two boys in Scarsdale, Beth earned a Master's degree from the New School of Social Research. Beth was a dedicated mother, wife and grandmother. A lover of the arts and education, she relished being an angel for plays on Broadway and her most passionate charity work included efforts on behalf of Brandeis University, and Skidmore College. She will be greatly missed by husband Donald, sister Judith Hertz, sons Steven and Edward, their wives Moira and Lucinda and grandchildren Leila, Samuel and James. A service in her memory will be held at Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Ave., New York, NY at 12pm on Thursday, January 28. 1/3 

COPELAND--June, on January 26, 2016. Beloved wife of the late Robert, devoted mother of Marilyn Copeland, Faye Rohksar, Dr. Michelle Copeland and John David Copeland. Dear mother-in-law of Dr. Jonathan Halperin and Dr. Joseph Rokhsar. Adored grandmother of Dr. Jillian Copeland, Dr. Michael Rokhsar, Sara Rokhsar Siskind, Robert Rokhsar, Dr. Robert Copeland-Halperin and Dr. Libby Copeland-Halperin. Cherished great- grandmother of eight. Service Sunday, January 31, 11:30am at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. Donations in her memory may be made to Jewish Guild for the Blind. 1/3 COPELAND--June, on January 26, 2016. Beloved wife of the late Robert, devoted mother of Marilyn Copeland, Faye Rohksar, Dr. Michelle Copeland and John David Copeland. Dear mother-in-law of Dr. Jonathan Halperin and Dr. Joseph Rokhsar. Adored grandmother of Dr. Jillian Copeland, Dr. Michael Rokhsar, Sara Rokhsar Siskind, Robert Rokhsar, Dr. Robert Copeland-Halperin and Dr. Libby Copeland-Halperin. Cherished great- grandmother of eight. Service Sunday, January 31, 11:30am at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. Donations in her memory may be made to Jewish Guild for the Blind. 1/3 

MILLINGER--Harvey, 99, passed away peacefully at home, in the company of his family, on January 25, 2016. Loving husband of Sylva Dee, and father of Bruce (Xiao-Fang) and Donald (Gary Clinton). Funeral services will be at Sunset Chapels, 1285 Northern Blvd, Manhasset, NY on January 28 at 11:00am. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Temple Sinai of Roslyn, Roslyn Heights, NY. He was a kind and gentle man, and family and friends were exceptionally fortunate to have shared his life for so many years. He will be greatly missed. 1/3 MILLINGER--Harvey, 99, passed away peacefully at home, in the company of his family, on January 25, 2016. Loving husband of Sylva Dee, and father of Bruce (Xiao-Fang) and Donald (Gary Clinton). Funeral services will be at Sunset Chapels, 1285 Northern Blvd, Manhasset, NY on January 28 at 11:00am. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Temple Sinai of Roslyn, Roslyn Heights, NY. He was a kind and gentle man, and family and friends were exceptionally fortunate to have shared his life for so many years. He will be greatly missed. 1/3 

KOSLOW--Howard B.,91, of Toms River, NJ, formerly of East Norwich, NY, passed away, Monday, January 25, 2016, at his home. Funeral Services will be held at 10am, Thursday, January 28 at Temple Beth Am Shalom, 1235 NJ-70, Lakewood, NJ 08701. Burial will follow at Mount Ararat Cemetery, Route 109-Farmingdale Rd, Farmingdale, NY 11735 at 1pm. The family will be sitting shiva Thursday evening and Friday 10-4pm in NJ. Howard was born in Brooklyn, NY on September 21, 1924. He graduated from James Madison High School where he will be honored on their Wall of Distinction later this year. He was an accomplished artist/illustrator and a lifetime member of The Society of Illustrators (New York). His paintings are part of the Air Force Permanent Collection, the Smithsonian's Air & Space and National Postal Museums, the National Park Service and many private and corporate collections. Prominent works include numerous US postage stamps, paintings for NASA and The US Coast Guard. He was awarded many honors for his paintings. Howard is survived by his wife, Helen, of 66 years with whom he loved to travel; two daughters, Kathi Meyer (Perry) of San Diego, CA, and Amy-Jo Willig (Jeffrey) of Melville, NY; his sister, Helene Mandelbaum; four grandchildren, Elicia and Ben Meyer, David and Andrew Willig, and many nieces and nephews. 1/3 KOSLOW--Howard B.,91, of Toms River, NJ, formerly of East Norwich, NY, passed away, Monday, January 25, 2016, at his home. Funeral Services will be held at 10am, Thursday, January 28 at Temple Beth Am Shalom, 1235 NJ-70, Lakewood, NJ 08701. Burial will follow at Mount Ararat Cemetery, Route 109-Farmingdale Rd, Farmingdale, NY 11735 at 1pm. The family will be sitting shiva Thursday evening and Friday 10-4pm in NJ. Howard was born in Brooklyn, NY on September 21, 1924. He graduated from James Madison High School where he will be honored on their Wall of Distinction later this year. He was an accomplished artist/illustrator and a lifetime member of The Society of Illustrators (New York). His paintings are part of the Air Force Permanent Collection, the Smithsonian's Air & Space and National Postal Museums, the National Park Service and many private and corporate collections. Prominent works include numerous US postage stamps, paintings for NASA and The US Coast Guard. He was awarded many honors for his paintings. Howard is survived by his wife, Helen, of 66 years with whom he loved to travel; two daughters, Kathi Meyer (Perry) of San Diego, CA, and Amy-Jo Willig (Jeffrey) of Melville, NY; his sister, Helene Mandelbaum; four grandchildren, Elicia and Ben Meyer, David and Andrew Willig, and many nieces and nephews. 1/3 

CASCIANO--Joseph, 93, passed on Tuesday, January 26, 2016, at his home, surrounded by his loving wife Lee and daughter Donna. Joseph had two daughters, Andrea and Donna. He was the son of Fiore and Grace. He leaves brother Roger, sister-in-law Nina, grandchildren Sarah and Michael, great-granddaughter Adriana, two nieces, a nephew, five grandnephews and many close friends. He proudly served in the Navy in World War II. Graduated Seton Hall University and Masters program at NYU. He was deputy director, division of human resources at New York Board of Education. Wake will be at Blair Mazzarella Funeral Home, Brooklyn, NY on Thursday, January 28th. Mass at St. Rose Lima Church, Brooklyn, NY, Friday at 10am. He will be laid to rest at Ferncliff Cemetery, Hartsdale, NY, Friday at 12:45pm. His caring nature will be terribly missed by all. 1/3 CASCIANO--Joseph, 93, passed on Tuesday, January 26, 2016, at his home, surrounded by his loving wife Lee and daughter Donna. Joseph had two daughters, Andrea and Donna. He was the son of Fiore and Grace. He leaves brother Roger, sister-in-law Nina, grandchildren Sarah and Michael, great-granddaughter Adriana, two nieces, a nephew, five grandnephews and many close friends. He proudly served in the Navy in World War II. Graduated Seton Hall University and Masters program at NYU. He was deputy director, division of human resources at New York Board of Education. Wake will be at Blair Mazzarella Funeral Home, Brooklyn, NY on Thursday, January 28th. Mass at St. Rose Lima Church, Brooklyn, NY, Friday at 10am. He will be laid to rest at Ferncliff Cemetery, Hartsdale, NY, Friday at 12:45pm. His caring nature will be terribly missed by all. 1/3 

MURRAY--Anne McVoy, 91, of New Canaan, died Saturday, January 23, 2016 at Norwalk Hospital. She was the widow of Paul B. Murray, whom she was married to for 67 years. Anne was born in Chicago, IL on October 8, 1924, second youngest of seven children to John and Marie McVoy. She graduated from Manhattanville College New York with a BA in history. Anne is survived by her eleven children, twenty-three grandchildren and five greatgrandchildren. A Mass of Christian burial will be held Monday, February 1st at 10:30am in St. Thomas More Church, 374 Middlesex Rd., Darien, CT 06820. Burial will be at the convenience of the family. Friends may call Sunday from 3-5pm at Hoyt Funeral Home, 199 Main St., New Canaan, CT 06840. Interment will take place at a later date in Manchester, VT. In lieu of flowers, contributions in Anne's memory can be made to Crudem Foundation, P.O. Box 804, Ludlow, MA 01056. For directions or online condolences, please visit www.hoytfuneralhome.com. 1/3 MURRAY--Anne McVoy, 91, of New Canaan, died Saturday, January 23, 2016 at Norwalk Hospital. She was the widow of Paul B. Murray, whom she was married to for 67 years. Anne was born in Chicago, IL on October 8, 1924, second youngest of seven children to John and Marie McVoy. She graduated from Manhattanville College New York with a BA in history. Anne is survived by her eleven children, twenty-three grandchildren and five greatgrandchildren. A Mass of Christian burial will be held Monday, February 1st at 10:30am in St. Thomas More Church, 374 Middlesex Rd., Darien, CT 06820. Burial will be at the convenience of the family. Friends may call Sunday from 3-5pm at Hoyt Funeral Home, 199 Main St., New Canaan, CT 06840. Interment will take place at a later date in Manchester, VT. In lieu of flowers, contributions in Anne's memory can be made to Crudem Foundation, P.O. Box 804, Ludlow, MA 01056. For directions or online condolences, please visit www.hoytfuneralhome.com. 1/3 

TYLER--John C.,died on December 23, 2015, six days before his 84th birthday. A gentle, loving man, and lifelong resident of New York City, John touched the lives of all who met him. He was the beloved husband of the late Emma Tyler, brother of Sandra Tyler and the late Susan Tyler Faison, uncle of Kate Spencer, Shep Faison, Sally Faison, Ann Faison, Ryan Grigoletto and Kenneth Grigoletto. A memorial service will be held on the ground floor of his residence, at 339 West 24th St., New York, NY, on January 31 at 3:30pm. 1/3 TYLER--John C.,died on December 23, 2015, six days before his 84th birthday. A gentle, loving man, and lifelong resident of New York City, John touched the lives of all who met him. He was the beloved husband of the late Emma Tyler, brother of Sandra Tyler and the late Susan Tyler Faison, uncle of Kate Spencer, Shep Faison, Sally Faison, Ann Faison, Ryan Grigoletto and Kenneth Grigoletto. A memorial service will be held on the ground floor of his residence, at 339 West 24th St., New York, NY, on January 31 at 3:30pm. 1/3 

PARDEE--Margaret. The Juilliard School is deeply saddened by the passing of violinist and pedagogue Margaret Pardee. A longtime Juilliard faculty member from 1942 until 2008, she also was an alumnus of the school. She was passionate about her art and teaching, and she nurtured her students. Many of her former students have gone on to successful careers as soloists and members of leading orchestras all over the world. Her generous gift of numerous, extraordinary violins and violas to the Juilliard instrument collection will also contribute to the next generation of players. We extend our condolences to her family, friends, colleagues, and students. Joseph W. Polisi, President Ara Guzelimian, Provost and Dean Yoheved Kaplinsky, Artistic Director, Juilliard Pre-College Division 1/3 PARDEE--Margaret. The Juilliard School is deeply saddened by the passing of violinist and pedagogue Margaret Pardee. A longtime Juilliard faculty member from 1942 until 2008, she also was an alumnus of the school. She was passionate about her art and teaching, and she nurtured her students. Many of her former students have gone on to successful careers as soloists and members of leading orchestras all over the world. Her generous gift of numerous, extraordinary violins and violas to the Juilliard instrument collection will also contribute to the next generation of players. We extend our condolences to her family, friends, colleagues, and students. Joseph W. Polisi, President Ara Guzelimian, Provost and Dean Yoheved Kaplinsky, Artistic Director, Juilliard Pre-College Division 1/3 

SALKO--Ellen G.,a resident of White Plains, passed away on January 27, 2016 at the age of 79. She was born on October 19, 1936 to the late Gerald and Irma Greenebaum. Ellen was a baker, bookkeeper, author, teacher and homemaker. She was predeceased by her beloved husband, Alan Salko. Ellen is survived by her three children; David Salko, Larry Salko, and Judy Bergman, a daughter-in-law, Lisa Salko, as well as six grandchildren, Jake, Lauren, Jennifer, Ben, Michael, and Matthew. A funeral service will be held in the chapel at Ferncliff Cemetery on Friday, January 29th at 10am. 1/3 SALKO--Ellen G.,a resident of White Plains, passed away on January 27, 2016 at the age of 79. She was born on October 19, 1936 to the late Gerald and Irma Greenebaum. Ellen was a baker, bookkeeper, author, teacher and homemaker. She was predeceased by her beloved husband, Alan Salko. Ellen is survived by her three children; David Salko, Larry Salko, and Judy Bergman, a daughter-in-law, Lisa Salko, as well as six grandchildren, Jake, Lauren, Jennifer, Ben, Michael, and Matthew. A funeral service will be held in the chapel at Ferncliff Cemetery on Friday, January 29th at 10am. 1/3 

KATZ--Alfred J.,M.D., 78, died on January 24, 2016 at his home in Rockville, MD. He is survived by his wife of 43 years Deborah; his daughters, Rebecca Katz (Matt Scharf) and Emily Katz (Laura Chapman), and grandchildren, Olivia, Benjamin, Leo and Eli. Also survived by his sister Miriam Cohen (Herb Cohen); sister-in-law Joan Rosenbaum (John Gorham); nephew Joshua Galper and niece Satya Welch and their families. Born and raised in the Bronx, beloved son of the late Charlotte (Breuer) and Sirol Katz, Dr. Katz was a graduate of the Bronx High School of Science, Swarthmore College, and the University of Pennsylvania Medical School. A Board certified pathologist/hematologist/blood banker, Dr. Katz had a distinguished career at the American Red Cross for more than 30 years, including as Executive Director of Blood Services at National Headquarters. An avid, top-seeded masters tennis player and a man of great intellect who cared deeply about his family and the world around him, his life was guided by high moral and ethical standards. He will be greatly missed. Donations in his memory may be made to the Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research. For further information, contact www.sagelbloomfield.com. 1/3 KATZ--Alfred J.,M.D., 78, died on January 24, 2016 at his home in Rockville, MD. He is survived by his wife of 43 years Deborah; his daughters, Rebecca Katz (Matt Scharf) and Emily Katz (Laura Chapman), and grandchildren, Olivia, Benjamin, Leo and Eli. Also survived by his sister Miriam Cohen (Herb Cohen); sister-in-law Joan Rosenbaum (John Gorham); nephew Joshua Galper and niece Satya Welch and their families. Born and raised in the Bronx, beloved son of the late Charlotte (Breuer) and Sirol Katz, Dr. Katz was a graduate of the Bronx High School of Science, Swarthmore College, and the University of Pennsylvania Medical School. A Board certified pathologist/hematologist/blood banker, Dr. Katz had a distinguished career at the American Red Cross for more than 30 years, including as Executive Director of Blood Services at National Headquarters. An avid, top-seeded masters tennis player and a man of great intellect who cared deeply about his family and the world around him, his life was guided by high moral and ethical standards. He will be greatly missed. Donations in his memory may be made to the Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research. For further information, contact www.sagelbloomfield.com. 1/3 

VIGODA--Abe, 94, passed away peacefully in his sleep at the home of his loving daughter, Carol Vigoda Fuchs. Abe began an iconic and successful career as a talented actor in childhood. Proudly served in the United States Army. Adoring grandfather to Paul, Steven and Kellie (Bergen), and Jamie Fuchs. Delighted great-grandfather to Johnathan. Respected uncle to five nieces and nephews and two great-nieces. Funeral Services to be held on Sunday, January 31, 2016, 12pm, at "The Riverside" on Amsterdam and 76th St., New York. 1/3 VIGODA--Abe, 94, passed away peacefully in his sleep at the home of his loving daughter, Carol Vigoda Fuchs. Abe began an iconic and successful career as a talented actor in childhood. Proudly served in the United States Army. Adoring grandfather to Paul, Steven and Kellie (Bergen), and Jamie Fuchs. Delighted great-grandfather to Johnathan. Respected uncle to five nieces and nephews and two great-nieces. Funeral Services to be held on Sunday, January 31, 2016, 12pm, at "The Riverside" on Amsterdam and 76th St., New York. 1/3 

HUDNER--Hope Freeman. Artist, Designer, Mother and Friend. Hope F. Hudner died at home in Little Compton, RI on January 14, 2016 following a thirteen month battle with glioblastoma multiforme, a form of brain cancer. Hope is survived by her husband of 40 years, Michael, and her daughter, Bay, who were deeply involved as caregivers and comforters during the past year, and were at her side at the time of her peaceful passing. Hope is also survived by her aunt, Judy Freeman N. Gross; brothers, Ambassador Charles "Chas" W. Freeman, Jr. (Margaret Carpenter) and Robert P. Freeman (Inge Reist); their five children and nine grandchildren (Hope's grand-nieces and -nephews); siblings-in-law, Mr. Kennedy Hudner (Jennifer), Ms. Cornelia Futterman (Michael), and Ms. Kristina Beitman (Harty), and their five children. Hope was born on January 11, 1951 in Nassau, The Bahamas, and lived there until age 10, then alternating time in Southern California with years in Providence and Bristol, RI. Hope was predeceased by her son, Michael Ripley ("Rip") Hudner, and her parents (father, Charles Wellman Freeman, and mother, Carla Park Freeman, who died when Hope was 20 months old). Hope was largely raised by her two sets of deceased grandparents, Hovey T. and Marjorie W. Freeman of Providence and Bristol, and George C. and Fentress K. Park of Wollaston, MA and Roaring Brook, MI. Hope graduated from The Lincoln School, Providence (1969), Smith College (1973), and also acquired an MFA from New York University. The family lived in New York City from 1974 through 1994, and then resided in Little Compton and Providence, RI. Hope was an accomplished artist and designer with a portfolio including work in graphic, interior, jewelry, and apparel design. These efforts led to her 2013 creation of Hope Hudner Designs, focused on elegant silk infinity scarves. Hope was deeply involved in Rhode Island public service, including, at various times, board and/or development responsibilities at Moses Brown School, Women & Infants Hospital, Rhode Islanders Sponsoring Education (RISE), RISD Museum, Perennial Planters, The National Society of the Colonial Dames of America (Rhode Island), and Providence Preservation Society. Hope's social involvements included membership in the Providence Art Club, Colony Club of New York City, Lyford Cay Club, Sakonnet Golf Club, and Sakonnet Point Club. Hope had great admiration for the natural world and actively cultivated a sense of wonder: she was a faithful student of plants and flowers (as evidenced by the thousands of bulbs planted across Rhode Island, Maine, and New York); she loved sailing with her family and friends (countless excursions on Narragansett Bay and longer trips to Maine, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and Ireland number among the most special); and her keen curiosity led her to explore the far corners of the world, from Spain and Taiwan at age 18 to Antarctica at 49, covering every other continent and many countries in between. Hope had enormous energy, deep intelligence, natural grace, and remarkable warmth. She believed that life presented endless opportunity to learn, remarking on the tenth anniversary of her son's death that, "Each time it rains in our lives, we are given an opportunity for further growth. I am grateful for the challenges in my life as chances to grow and blossom." Hope faced her illness with the same fortitude and poise. While she was indeed a lifelong learner, Hope was perhaps most notable as a teacher of these invaluable lessons to the rest of us. Hope felt a profound duty to embrace everyone she encountered with love and kindness, and she shared this love of people and life like water from a fire hose. All within range were enriched by her presence and generosity of spirit. Hope inspired people to think lovingly and boldly on behalf of the larger community, themselves, and their friends, prompting many to find more inside themselves to enhance their own lives and those of others. A college classmate of Bay's said it beautifully in a recent note to Hope: "You feature prominently as an inspiration for the life I want to live-to pursue my interests, to live fully and with panache, to spend time in nature, and, most of all, to be kind to people. I know I am just one of the many, many people you affect in this way!" A celebration of Hope's life will be held in Little Compton in early June on a date to be announced. In lieu of flowers, the family suggests contributions in Hope's memory be made to: the Rip Hudner Memorial Fund at Moses Brown School, Providence; Dr. Patrick Wen's Research in Neuro-Oncology at Dana Faber Cancer Institute, Boston; or a charity of your choice. Above all, the family encourages you to remember Hope by engaging with the world through love and kindness. 1/3 HUDNER--Hope Freeman. Artist, Designer, Mother and Friend. Hope F. Hudner died at home in Little Compton, RI on January 14, 2016 following a thirteen month battle with glioblastoma multiforme, a form of brain cancer. Hope is survived by her husband of 40 years, Michael, and her daughter, Bay, who were deeply involved as caregivers and comforters during the past year, and were at her side at the time of her peaceful passing. Hope is also survived by her aunt, Judy Freeman N. Gross; brothers, Ambassador Charles "Chas" W. Freeman, Jr. (Margaret Carpenter) and Robert P. Freeman (Inge Reist); their five children and nine grandchildren (Hope's grand-nieces and -nephews); siblings-in-law, Mr. Kennedy Hudner (Jennifer), Ms. Cornelia Futterman (Michael), and Ms. Kristina Beitman (Harty), and their five children. Hope was born on January 11, 1951 in Nassau, The Bahamas, and lived there until age 10, then alternating time in Southern California with years in Providence and Bristol, RI. Hope was predeceased by her son, Michael Ripley ("Rip") Hudner, and her parents (father, Charles Wellman Freeman, and mother, Carla Park Freeman, who died when Hope was 20 months old). Hope was largely raised by her two sets of deceased grandparents, Hovey T. and Marjorie W. Freeman of Providence and Bristol, and George C. and Fentress K. Park of Wollaston, MA and Roaring Brook, MI. Hope graduated from The Lincoln School, Providence (1969), Smith College (1973), and also acquired an MFA from New York University. The family lived in New York City from 1974 through 1994, and then resided in Little Compton and Providence, RI. Hope was an accomplished artist and designer with a portfolio including work in graphic, interior, jewelry, and apparel design. These efforts led to her 2013 creation of Hope Hudner Designs, focused on elegant silk infinity scarves. Hope was deeply involved in Rhode Island public service, including, at various times, board and/or development responsibilities at Moses Brown School, Women & Infants Hospital, Rhode Islanders Sponsoring Education (RISE), RISD Museum, Perennial Planters, The National Society of the Colonial Dames of America (Rhode Island), and Providence Preservation Society. Hope's social involvements included membership in the Providence Art Club, Colony Club of New York City, Lyford Cay Club, Sakonnet Golf Club, and Sakonnet Point Club. Hope had great admiration for the natural world and actively cultivated a sense of wonder: she was a faithful student of plants and flowers (as evidenced by the thousands of bulbs planted across Rhode Island, Maine, and New York); she loved sailing with her family and friends (countless excursions on Narragansett Bay and longer trips to Maine, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and Ireland number among the most special); and her keen curiosity led her to explore the far corners of the world, from Spain and Taiwan at age 18 to Antarctica at 49, covering every other continent and many countries in between. Hope had enormous energy, deep intelligence, natural grace, and remarkable warmth. She believed that life presented endless opportunity to learn, remarking on the tenth anniversary of her son's death that, "Each time it rains in our lives, we are given an opportunity for further growth. I am grateful for the challenges in my life as chances to grow and blossom." Hope faced her illness with the same fortitude and poise. While she was indeed a lifelong learner, Hope was perhaps most notable as a teacher of these invaluable lessons to the rest of us. Hope felt a profound duty to embrace everyone she encountered with love and kindness, and she shared this love of people and life like water from a fire hose. All within range were enriched by her presence and generosity of spirit. Hope inspired people to think lovingly and boldly on behalf of the larger community, themselves, and their friends, prompting many to find more inside themselves to enhance their own lives and those of others. A college classmate of Bay's said it beautifully in a recent note to Hope: "You feature prominently as an inspiration for the life I want to live-to pursue my interests, to live fully and with panache, to spend time in nature, and, most of all, to be kind to people. I know I am just one of the many, many people you affect in this way!" A celebration of Hope's life will be held in Little Compton in early June on a date to be announced. In lieu of flowers, the family suggests contributions in Hope's memory be made to: the Rip Hudner Memorial Fund at Moses Brown School, Providence; Dr. Patrick Wen's Research in Neuro-Oncology at Dana Faber Cancer Institute, Boston; or a charity of your choice. Above all, the family encourages you to remember Hope by engaging with the world through love and kindness. 1/3 

KENNEDY--Michael, You and Eleanora have been devoted friends and "fixers" for so many...we are All eternally grateful...especially me. Wishing you peace and love. xox Wendy 1/3 KENNEDY--Michael, You and Eleanora have been devoted friends and "fixers" for so many...we are All eternally grateful...especially me. Wishing you peace and love. xox Wendy 1/3 

SISKIND--Beth. The Harmonie Club notes with sorrow the passing of our honored member, Mrs. Beth Siskind. We extend our heartfelt condolences to her entire family. Philip R. Cowen, President, The Harmonie Club 1/3 SISKIND--Beth. The Harmonie Club notes with sorrow the passing of our honored member, Mrs. Beth Siskind. We extend our heartfelt condolences to her entire family. Philip R. Cowen, President, The Harmonie Club 1/3 

BARSOUM LOSADA--Elisa. Beloved wife, mother, daughter and friend passed on January 25. Wake at Fox Funeral Home, 9807 Ascan Ave., Forest Hills, NY 11375, on January 28 and 29 from 2pm to 9pm. In lieu of flowers, please donate to American Red Cross in Elisa's honor. 1/3 BARSOUM LOSADA--Elisa. Beloved wife, mother, daughter and friend passed on January 25. Wake at Fox Funeral Home, 9807 Ascan Ave., Forest Hills, NY 11375, on January 28 and 29 from 2pm to 9pm. In lieu of flowers, please donate to American Red Cross in Elisa's honor. 1/3 

FREY--Dale F. The Damon Runyon Cancer Research Foundation is deeply saddened by the passing of Dale F. Frey, past Chairman of its Board of Directors, one of its greatest champions and dear friend. Through his vision, passion and relentless dedication to cancer research, he had a lasting impact on human life. Under Dale's leadership for over 16 years, the Foundation grew exponentially and funded top young scientists in cancer research whose discoveries have dramatically advanced progress against cancer. He led the Foundation with the same wisdom and entrepreneurial spirit he used as the first Chairman of General Electric Asset Management. In 2010, the Dale F. Frey Award for Breakthrough Scientists was established in his honor to support the most outstanding young cancer researchers in the nation. Our hearts go out to his wife, Betty Ann, and his children and grandchildren. Alan Leventhal, Chair of the Board, and Lorraine Egan, President & CEO. 1/3 FREY--Dale F. The Damon Runyon Cancer Research Foundation is deeply saddened by the passing of Dale F. Frey, past Chairman of its Board of Directors, one of its greatest champions and dear friend. Through his vision, passion and relentless dedication to cancer research, he had a lasting impact on human life. Under Dale's leadership for over 16 years, the Foundation grew exponentially and funded top young scientists in cancer research whose discoveries have dramatically advanced progress against cancer. He led the Foundation with the same wisdom and entrepreneurial spirit he used as the first Chairman of General Electric Asset Management. In 2010, the Dale F. Frey Award for Breakthrough Scientists was established in his honor to support the most outstanding young cancer researchers in the nation. Our hearts go out to his wife, Betty Ann, and his children and grandchildren. Alan Leventhal, Chair of the Board, and Lorraine Egan, President & CEO. 1/3 

DICK--Marion Pokoik. June 7, 1926 -Jan. 28, 2010 In loving memory of my beautiful Mother. Always thinking of you. Your beautiful smile and radiant personality lives on forever. Your Daughter, Gail 1/3 DICK--Marion Pokoik. June 7, 1926 -Jan. 28, 2010 In loving memory of my beautiful Mother. Always thinking of you. Your beautiful smile and radiant personality lives on forever. Your Daughter, Gail 1/3 

FREY--Dale F.,83, passed away peacefully on Tuesday, January 26, 2016, at home in Weston, CT following a courageous battle with cancer. Born on August 14, 1932 in Manheim, PA, he was the son of the late Franklin William and Mary Adele (Strickler) Frey. Dale was a graduate of Franklin & Marshall College, where he later served as a Trustee and Chairman and supported funding of the college. He received an MBA in Economics and Accounting from New York University. After college, he went on to serve in the U.S. Air Force. Following the U.S. Air Force, he began his 40 year career at General Electric, beginning in 1957, where he served in many positions, including Vice President and Treasurer from 1980 to 1994, as well as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of General Electric Investment Corporation beginning in 1984. In 1994, he stepped back from his position as Vice President and Treasurer and remained in his positions of General Electric Investment Corporation until he retired in 1997. After retirement, he dedicated his time to numerous boards, including Yankee Candle Co. Inc., Roadway Express, Aftermarket Technology Corp., Praxair, Inc., and Community Health Systems. He was a member of Aurora Capital's advisory board, as well as Chairman of the Damon Runyon Cancer Research Foundation, which he believed fully in. Under his leadership, he raised in excess of $160 million and funded 850 Cancer Researchers. Dale's passions ran deep, which was seen through his love for his family, friends, his career, and his never-ending desire and dedication for helping others. Dale is survived by his wife of 62 years Betty Ann (Heistand) Frey; his younger brother, John Gilbert Frey, and his wife Verdella, of Manheim, PA; sons, Scott Frey of Easton, CT, Philip Frey, and his wife Elizabeth, of Fredericksburg, TX, and Kyle Frey of Fredericksburg, TX; daughter, Susan Frey of Westport, CT; and his grandchildren Megan and Patrick Frey of Fredericksburg, TX. Dale F. Frey's funeral service will be held at the Zion Evangelical Lutheran Church, 2 South Hazel Street, Manheim, PA 17545 on Tuesday, February 2, 2016, from 12:00pm-1:00pm. A celebration of his life will take place at Bent Creek Country Club, 620 Bent Creek Drive, Lititz, PA 17543, from 2:00pm-6:00pm. In lieu of flowers, in Dale's memory, please consider a donation to the Damon Runyon Cancer Research Foundation to support the Dale F. Frey Award for Breakthrough Scientists, One Exchange Plaza, Suite 302, New York, New York 10006. 1/3 FREY--Dale F.,83, passed away peacefully on Tuesday, January 26, 2016, at home in Weston, CT following a courageous battle with cancer. Born on August 14, 1932 in Manheim, PA, he was the son of the late Franklin William and Mary Adele (Strickler) Frey. Dale was a graduate of Franklin & Marshall College, where he later served as a Trustee and Chairman and supported funding of the college. He received an MBA in Economics and Accounting from New York University. After college, he went on to serve in the U.S. Air Force. Following the U.S. Air Force, he began his 40 year career at General Electric, beginning in 1957, where he served in many positions, including Vice President and Treasurer from 1980 to 1994, as well as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of General Electric Investment Corporation beginning in 1984. In 1994, he stepped back from his position as Vice President and Treasurer and remained in his positions of General Electric Investment Corporation until he retired in 1997. After retirement, he dedicated his time to numerous boards, including Yankee Candle Co. Inc., Roadway Express, Aftermarket Technology Corp., Praxair, Inc., and Community Health Systems. He was a member of Aurora Capital's advisory board, as well as Chairman of the Damon Runyon Cancer Research Foundation, which he believed fully in. Under his leadership, he raised in excess of $160 million and funded 850 Cancer Researchers. Dale's passions ran deep, which was seen through his love for his family, friends, his career, and his never-ending desire and dedication for helping others. Dale is survived by his wife of 62 years Betty Ann (Heistand) Frey; his younger brother, John Gilbert Frey, and his wife Verdella, of Manheim, PA; sons, Scott Frey of Easton, CT, Philip Frey, and his wife Elizabeth, of Fredericksburg, TX, and Kyle Frey of Fredericksburg, TX; daughter, Susan Frey of Westport, CT; and his grandchildren Megan and Patrick Frey of Fredericksburg, TX. Dale F. Frey's funeral service will be held at the Zion Evangelical Lutheran Church, 2 South Hazel Street, Manheim, PA 17545 on Tuesday, February 2, 2016, from 12:00pm-1:00pm. A celebration of his life will take place at Bent Creek Country Club, 620 Bent Creek Drive, Lititz, PA 17543, from 2:00pm-6:00pm. In lieu of flowers, in Dale's memory, please consider a donation to the Damon Runyon Cancer Research Foundation to support the Dale F. Frey Award for Breakthrough Scientists, One Exchange Plaza, Suite 302, New York, New York 10006. 1/3 

ACHENBAUM--Alvin A.,90, on January 26, 2016. In 2000, he was named one of the most influential advertising executives of the 20th century by Advertising Age. Beloved husband of the late Barbara and Leila, devoted father of Jon Achenbaum, Lisa Kounitz and Martha Bratt and cherished father-in-law of Barb Achenbaum and Mark Bratt. Adoring grandfather of Julie, Amy and Anne Achenbaum, Benjamin and Jake Kounitz, Alex and Torie Bratt. Dear companion of Shirley Lindenbaum. Service Sunday, January 31, 9:45am at "The Riverside," 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Alvin A. Achenbaum Fellowship at the Hartman Center at Duke University. 1/3 ACHENBAUM--Alvin A.,90, on January 26, 2016. In 2000, he was named one of the most influential advertising executives of the 20th century by Advertising Age. Beloved husband of the late Barbara and Leila, devoted father of Jon Achenbaum, Lisa Kounitz and Martha Bratt and cherished father-in-law of Barb Achenbaum and Mark Bratt. Adoring grandfather of Julie, Amy and Anne Achenbaum, Benjamin and Jake Kounitz, Alex and Torie Bratt. Dear companion of Shirley Lindenbaum. Service Sunday, January 31, 9:45am at "The Riverside," 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Alvin A. Achenbaum Fellowship at the Hartman Center at Duke University. 1/3 

The police said Tyquan Long, 29, shot Joann Gravette, 36, after accusing her of cheating on him, and then wounded a neighbor. The police said Tyquan Long, 29, shot Joann Gravette, 36, after accusing her of cheating on him, and then wounded a neighbor. New York City police say they are searching for Tyquan Long, suspect in fatal shooting of his girlfriend Joann Gravette in their apartment in Far Rockaway, Queens.

Saniyah Bonilla had been hospitalized after a snow-blocked exhaust pipe caused her family’s vehicle to fill up with carbon monoxide. Her mother and brother also died. Saniyah Bonilla had been hospitalized after a snow-blocked exhaust pipe caused her family’s vehicle to fill up with carbon monoxide. Her mother and brother also died. Authorities in Passaic, NJ, say 3-year-old Saniyah Bonilla has died; Bonilla was found unresponsive with her mother Sashalynn Rosa and her infant brother, both of whom died, in car that had filled up with carbon monoxide during snowstorm. 

Williams, who dominated Agnieszka Radwanska, 6-0, 6-4, needs one victory to capture her seventh Australian Open championship and tie Steffi Graf’s Open-era record of 22 Grand Slam singles titles. Williams, who dominated Agnieszka Radwanska, 6-0, 6-4, needs one victory to capture her seventh Australian Open championship and tie Steffi Graf’s Open-era record of 22 Grand Slam singles titles. Serena Williams defeats Agnieszka Radwanska in Australian Open tennis tournament semifinals; Williams will tie Steffi Graf's record of 22 Grand Slam singles titles if she defeats Angelique Kerber in final.

Five people were arrested in connection with the escape of three inmates from a maximum-security jail in Santa Ana, Calif., last week, but the escapees remain at large. Five people were arrested in connection with the escape of three inmates from a maximum-security jail in Santa Ana, Calif., last week, but the escapees remain at large. Sheriff Sandra Hutchens of Orange County announces arrest of five people in connection to maximum-security jail break in Santa Ana, Calif, where three inmates who escaped still remain at large. 

An anticorruption agency said it would appeal the decision to clear Prime Minister Najib Razak of criminal charges over the transfer of $681 million into his personal bank accounts. An anticorruption agency said it would appeal the decision to clear Prime Minister Najib Razak of criminal charges over the transfer of $681 million into his personal bank accounts. Malaysia’s Anti-Corruption Commission announces plans to appeal decision by attorney general to clear Prime Min Najib Razak of corruption charges.

The country has asked its European Union partners to consider sanctions for Iran’s recent missile tests, even as the French welcomed President Hassan Rouhani of Iran for a visit. The country has asked its European Union partners to consider sanctions for Iran’s recent missile tests, even as the French welcomed President Hassan Rouhani of Iran for a visit. European Union reviews proposal from France requesting new sanctions on Iran over its recent missile tests, even as French government welcomes visit from Iranian Pres Hassan Rouhani. 

The border was closed in 2011, when relations deteriorated after the south seceded after a civil war. The border was closed in 2011, when relations deteriorated after the south seceded after a civil war. Pres Omar Hassan al-Bashir of Sudan orders opening of border with South Sudan for first time since 2011 secession; move follows unexpected unilateral normalization of relations by Pres Salva Kiir of South Sudan, in response to Sudan's reduction of oil transportation fees. 

This play revolves around two high school students and a link to Walt Whitman. This play revolves around two high school students and a link to Walt Whitman. Ben Brantley reviews Lauren Gunderson play I and You, directed by Sean Daniels and starring Kayla Ferguson and Reggie D White at 59E59 Theaters.

President Obama nominated Lt. Gen. John W. Nicholson Jr. to lead American military operations, replacing Gen. John F. Campbell. President Obama nominated Lt. Gen. John W. Nicholson Jr. to lead American military operations, replacing Gen. John F. Campbell. NATO commander Lt Gen John W Nicholson Jr is Pres Obama's choice to lead United States military operations in Afghanistan; struggle to secure country from recently resurgent Taliban has increasingly involved American forces, despite president having formally declared combat mission ended in 2014.

The English and math exams given to third- through eighth- grade students will no longer be timed, the State Education Department said, ending the call of “pencils down.” The English and math exams given to third- through eighth- grade students will no longer be timed, the State Education Department said, ending the call of “pencils down.” New York State Education Dept announces that statewide exams in English and math given to third- through eighth-grade students will no longer be timed.

Williams, a free-swinging outfielder who played most of his career with the White Sox, was probably best known for the unusual physique that earned him an unusual nickname. Williams, a free-swinging outfielder who played most of his career with the White Sox, was probably best known for the unusual physique that earned him an unusual nickname. Walt Williams, major league baseball player nicknamed ‘No Neck’ due to his peculiar physique, dies at age 72. 

Arkansas ended No. 5 Texas A&M’s 10-game winning streak with a 74-71 victory on Wednesday night. Arkansas ended No. 5 Texas A&M’s 10-game winning streak with a 74-71 victory on Wednesday night. College Basketball Roundup; Arkansas men's basketball team defeats Texas A&M, 74-71; other men's and women's scores noted.

The Cleveland Cavaliers stormed away in the second half for a 115-93 victory at home over the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday night. The Cleveland Cavaliers stormed away in the second half for a 115-93 victory at home over the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday night. NBA Roundup; Cleveland Cavaliers defeat Phoenix Suns, 115-93; other basketball scores noted.

Jakub Voracek scored two goals, including the winner, as Philadelphia topped host Washington in the teams&#8217; final game before the All-Star break. Jakub Voracek scored two goals, including the winner, as Philadelphia topped host Washington in the teams&#8217; final game before the All-Star break. NHL Roundup; Philadelphia Flyers defeat Washington Capitals, 4-3; other hockey scores noted.

Health authorities said reported cases of microcephaly — a condition in which newborns have abnormally small heads — had climbed to 4,180 since October. Brazil typically has 150 cases annually. Health authorities said reported cases of microcephaly — a condition in which newborns have abnormally small heads — had climbed to 4,180 since October. Brazil typically has 150 cases annually. Brazilian health officials announce Zika virus is typically not life-threatening, but warns country's outdated testing methods cannot prove or disprove virus's link to surge in cases of microcephaly; Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which has advised pregnant women to avoid traveling to affected regions, says evidence suggests connection and recommends further research.  

The Mets&#8217; agreement with the slugger Yoenis Cespedes and his agent came together &#8220;very late,&#8221; the team&#8217;s general manager, Sandy Alderson, said. The Mets&#8217; agreement with the slugger Yoenis Cespedes and his agent came together &#8220;very late,&#8221; the team&#8217;s general manager, Sandy Alderson, said. Opt-out clause is key in getting center fielder Yoenis Cespedes to agree to short-term contract with New York Mets.

Mr. Lipofsky worked glass into small-scale biomorphic shapes with a dazzling array of surface textures produced by cutting, grinding and sandblasting. Mr. Lipofsky worked glass into small-scale biomorphic shapes with a dazzling array of surface textures produced by cutting, grinding and sandblasting. Marvin Lipofsky, ceramist who elevated blown glass from realm of functionality to fine art, dies at age 77.

With Mr. Trump declaring he will skip Thursday’s debate, the most potentially consequential fight is no longer between him and his fellow Republican candidates. With Mr. Trump declaring he will skip Thursday’s debate, the most potentially consequential fight is no longer between him and his fellow Republican candidates. Donald J Trump's decision to skip Republican presidential debate hosted by Fox News in advance of Iowa caucus, over objections to presence of anchor Megyn Kelly, shifts focus of presidential contest to Trump's feud with network, rather than on candidates; both network and campaign have had intense internal conversations about ongoing hostility, yet neither side seems willing to budge; Trump attributes his final decision to mocking press release issued by network.

This has been the winter of the opt-out clause. The Mets’ three-year, $75 million deal with Yoenis Cespedes, which allows him to make $27.5 million if he opts out after 2016, is the latest instance. This has been the winter of the opt-out clause. The Mets’ three-year, $75 million deal with Yoenis Cespedes, which allows him to make $27.5 million if he opts out after 2016, is the latest instance. Major League Baseball's opt-out clause is becoming increasingly popular among free agents; clause has become increasingly common aspect of contract negotiations. 

Authorities from a drug enforcement task force said the drugs, with an estimated street value of $14 million, had been molded to fit in axle casings and a drive shaft in a truck bed. Authorities from a drug enforcement task force said the drugs, with an estimated street value of $14 million, had been molded to fit in axle casings and a drive shaft in a truck bed. New York City authorities report discovery of 100 pounds of heroin, with estimated street value of $14 million, in pickup truck that was pulled over in Queens as part of drug task force stakeout.

The wife of a Northern Illinois police officer who killed himself after embezzling from a youth program was indicted by a grand jury Wednesday on charges of money laundering and disbursing charitable funds without authority. The wife of a Northern Illinois police officer who killed himself after embezzling from a youth program was indicted by a grand jury Wednesday on charges of money laundering and disbursing charitable funds without authority. Illinois grand jury indicts Melodie Gliniewicz, wife of police officer Charles Joseph Gliniewicz, who committed suicide in 2015 to avoid discovery that he was embezzling from youth program he ran; Gliniewicz, who worked alongside her husband running program, faces charges on money laundering and disbursing charitable funds without authority. 

The Jets agreed to pay a total of $325,000 to 52 of the team&#8217;s dancers who worked from 2011 to 2013 for fixed pay that some said violated minimum wage laws. The Jets agreed to pay a total of $325,000 to 52 of the team&#8217;s dancers who worked from 2011 to 2013 for fixed pay that some said violated minimum wage laws. New York Jets agree to pay $325,000 to settle lawsuit over wages with its cheerleaders.

Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo directed two agencies to use testing, filtration systems and Superfund money to address a toxic chemical in the upstate village’s water supply. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo directed two agencies to use testing, filtration systems and Superfund money to address a toxic chemical in the upstate village’s water supply. New York Gov Andrew M Cuomo directs State Dept of Environmental Conservation and Health Dept to address presence of perfluorooctanoic acid, or PFOA, in water supply in upstate village of Hoosick Falls; residents were warned in December 2015 not to drink public water or use it for cooking due to presence of the industrial chemical.

&#8220;I&#8217;m an African-American quarterback that scares people,&#8221; said the Panthers&#8217; quarterback, a leading candidate for most valuable player. &#8220;I&#8217;m an African-American quarterback that scares people,&#8221; said the Panthers&#8217; quarterback, a leading candidate for most valuable player. Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton suggests that race likely played large factor in why he became lightning rod for public criticism.

The Metropolitan Transportation Authority could award a contract as early as next year to build 10 of them, officials said, bringing to life an idea that has been debated for years. The Metropolitan Transportation Authority could award a contract as early as next year to build 10 of them, officials said, bringing to life an idea that has been debated for years. Metropolitan Transportation Authority releases image of model of possible subway car redesign that uses open gangway plan, which could greatly expand rider capacity; image is part of presentation to authority board members and contract for new design could be awarded as early as 2017.

A move is afoot to ask the district attorney not to proceed with the case against the two indicted figures in the Planned Parenthood case. A move is afoot to ask the district attorney not to proceed with the case against the two indicted figures in the Planned Parenthood case. Lawyers for anti-abortion activists David R Daleiden and Sandra S Merritt call their indictment on felony charges legally flawed, claiming 'runaway grand jury' acted in opposition to law; pair, members of anti-abortion group Center for Medical Progress, has been charged with tampering with government records while secretly videotaping Planned Parenthood office.

About half a million people are at risk of starving and more areas are cut off from aid, United Nations relief officials say. About half a million people are at risk of starving and more areas are cut off from aid, United Nations relief officials say. United Nations officials say almost half million people are at risk of starvation in total of 18 besieged areas in Syria; asserts combatants have obstructed delivery of humanitarian aid delivery and limited amounts of food that have made it through will not last; announcement complicates upcoming Geneva peace talks, already beset by confusion over exactly who will participate. 

The 13 songs appeared briefly, apparently by mistake, on Jay Z’s streaming service, Tidal. The 13 songs appeared briefly, apparently by mistake, on Jay Z’s streaming service, Tidal. 

Gov. Jerry Brown of California says he wants voters to approve a ballot measure in November that would affect thousands of state prison inmates and significantly change current law. Gov. Jerry Brown of California says he wants voters to approve a ballot measure in November that would affect thousands of state prison inmates and significantly change current law. California Gov Jerry Brown proposes ballot measure for November election that will include several drastic changes to sentencing laws in effort to reduce prison population in state. 

Park corporation officials said they were suing the firm of the bridge’s designer over the $4.1 million footbridge, which has been closed to the public since August 2014. Park corporation officials said they were suing the firm of the bridge’s designer over the $4.1 million footbridge, which has been closed to the public since August 2014. Brooklyn Bridge Park Corporation officials announce Squibb Park Bridge, $4.1 million wooden pedestrian structure connecting park with Brooklyn Heights, will not reopen soon; board has decided to sue HNTB Corporation, firm of bridge designer Ted Zoli; bridge has been closed for 17 months.

The Federal Trade Commission on Wednesday sued the operators of the for-profit DeVry University, alleging they misled consumers about students’ job and earnings prospects. The Federal Trade Commission on Wednesday sued the operators of the for-profit DeVry University, alleging they misled consumers about students’ job and earnings prospects. Federal Trade Commission sues operators of for-profit institution DeVry University for providing misleading information to consumers about students’ job and earnings potential upon graduation; FTC chairwoman Edith Ramirez believes over 50,000 students were affected and may be eligible for monetary relief; parent company DeVry Education Group plans to contest claims. 

The Metropolitan Transportation Authority is banning the motorized scooters from all buses, subways, train stations and commuter railroads amid reports of batteries exploding on the devices. The Metropolitan Transportation Authority is banning the motorized scooters from all buses, subways, train stations and commuter railroads amid reports of batteries exploding on the devices. Metropolitan Transportation Authority bans two-wheeled motorized devices known as hoverboards across system, including in passenger stations. 

The District of Columbia bar is pursuing ethics charges against Thomas M. Tamm, who said he told a New York Times reporter about warrantless wiretapping. The District of Columbia bar is pursuing ethics charges against Thomas M. Tamm, who said he told a New York Times reporter about warrantless wiretapping. District of Columbia bar is pursuing charges that former Justice Dept lawyer Thomas M Tamm violated ethics rules when he served as informant for 2005 New York Times article about National Security Agency's wiretapping program.

The report from the New York attorney general portrays a complex business in which technologically adept ticket brokers are able to profit at the expense of ordinary fans. The report from the New York attorney general portrays a complex business in which technologically adept ticket brokers are able to profit at the expense of ordinary fans. New York Atty Gen Eric T Schneiderman releases findings of three-year investigation into online ticketing market, which paint picture of complex business that he says requires further investigation and is in need of crackdown; much of report focuses on computer programs that automatically buy up large numbers of tickets for resale.

Gov. Rick Snyder would not say at a news conference when residents could begin to drink tap water, or when lead service lines would be replaced. Gov. Rick Snyder would not say at a news conference when residents could begin to drink tap water, or when lead service lines would be replaced. Michigan Gov Rick Snyder says he is actively involved in solving Flint's water crisis but declines to say when city's water will be safe to drink again; some experts say full-scale replacement of city's water pipes is necessary to solve problem, effort estimated to take several years and to cost as much as $1.5 billion dollars.

DeepMind, a research organization, said that a program combining two separate algorithms had soundly defeated a high-ranking professional Go player. DeepMind, a research organization, said that a program combining two separate algorithms had soundly defeated a high-ranking professional Go player. 

The decision will save consumers money and improve the reliability of the power grid. The decision will save consumers money and improve the reliability of the power grid. Editorial praises Supreme Court's upholding of federal law that encourages reduction of electricity consumption by large consumers during times of high demand; claims ruling, which was challenged by electricity producers worried that it will give businesses incentive to use less of their product, will save consumers money and ease strain on electrical grid.

The streaming music service is seeking more money to better compete with rivals like Apple and Pandora, according to a person briefed on the plans. The streaming music service is seeking more money to better compete with rivals like Apple and Pandora, according to a person briefed on the plans. Spotify plans to raise minimum of $500 million in new funding through debt offering. 

Once a front-runner in Iowa, Mr. Carson has faded as his advisers have quarreled, his grasp of foreign policy has been questioned, and a campaign worker was killed in a traffic accident. Once a front-runner in Iowa, Mr. Carson has faded as his advisers have quarreled, his grasp of foreign policy has been questioned, and a campaign worker was killed in a traffic accident. Series of missteps and disappointments have bedeviled Ben Carson's presidential bid after early successes in Iowa, to disappointment of loyal supporters; campaign is struggling to regain foothold and stay positive as days dwindle and Donald Trump and Ted Cruz continue to dominate polls.

An argument for why Donald Trump’s war on Fox News is part of a battle against the power structure of the G.O.P. and against Fox as an extension of it. An argument for why Donald Trump’s war on Fox News is part of a battle against the power structure of the G.O.P. and against Fox as an extension of it. 

The work, “The Present,” is a new adaptation of a lesser-known Chekhov play that is often called “Platonov.” The work, “The Present,” is a new adaptation of a lesser-known Chekhov play that is often called “Platonov.” Cate Blanchett will have Broadway debut in Sydney Theater Company production The Preset, adaption of untitled work by Anton Chekhov. 

Majid Jordan, a Toronto R&B duo, is about to release its first full-length album via Drake’s label, OVO Sound. Majid Jordan, a Toronto R&B duo, is about to release its first full-length album via Drake’s label, OVO Sound. Majid Al Maskati and Jordan Ullman, duo behind Drake’s 2013 hit Hold On, We’re Going Home, will release first full-length album as house-R&B act Majid Jordan; got big break when Drake’s producer and studio engineer came across their music on SoundCloud streaming service.

This new series on NBC stars Rob Lowe and Jenna Fischer in a story about the coming end of the world. This new series on NBC stars Rob Lowe and Jenna Fischer in a story about the coming end of the world. Neil Genzlinger reviews television series You, Me and the Apocalypse, British-American joint production premiering on NBC.

The singer-songwriter’s new album is front-loaded with piano-centered ballad-anthems, all going for the biggest buildup. The singer-songwriter’s new album is front-loaded with piano-centered ballad-anthems, all going for the biggest buildup. Jon Pareles reviews album This is Acting by pop singer Sia. 

Ms. Cara, a young Canadian singer who got her start on YouTube, headlined at Webster Hall on Tuesday behind her 2015 debut album, “Know-It-All.” Ms. Cara, a young Canadian singer who got her start on YouTube, headlined at Webster Hall on Tuesday behind her 2015 debut album, “Know-It-All.” Jon Pareles reviews concert by singer-songwriter Alessia Cara at Webster Hall.

The band’s first full-length album bubbles with an anxiety about mortality that flows from the singing and writing of Emily Sprague. The band’s first full-length album bubbles with an anxiety about mortality that flows from the singing and writing of Emily Sprague. Jon Caramanica reviews folk-pop album The Birds Outside Sang by band Florist.

A federal regulator has given the blood-testing company 10 days to correct the problems, one of which it said posed a threat to patient safety. A federal regulator has given the blood-testing company 10 days to correct the problems, one of which it said posed a threat to patient safety. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services has sent letter warning Theranos of several violations of clinical standards at its Newark, Calif, laboratory, raising possibility that lab could lose its certification; letter says company has 10 days to correct violations, one of which could pose threat to patients' safety.

Ms. Wells’s new album, “Promise,” is dramatic and gothic, and full of ghostly sighs. Ms. Wells’s new album, “Promise,” is dramatic and gothic, and full of ghostly sighs. Nate Chinen reviews album Promise by art-pop musician Emily Wells. 

The performance, which used the cast from a canceled show on Saturday, showcased the dancers Sara Mearns and Tiler Peck. The performance, which used the cast from a canceled show on Saturday, showcased the dancers Sara Mearns and Tiler Peck. Brian Seibert reviews all-Balanchine dance program performed by New York City Ballet at David H Koch Theater. 

The man was not wearing safety equipment when he lost his balance at the site on West 17th Street, the New York City Buildings Department said. He was listed in critical condition. The man was not wearing safety equipment when he lost his balance at the site on West 17th Street, the New York City Buildings Department said. He was listed in critical condition. New York City police say worker was critically injured at construction site in on West 17th St in Manhattan, and that he was not wearing safety equipment when he fell into elevator shaft; Buildings Dept says it has opened investigation and full stop-work order on condominium conversion project has been issued.

Older members say a diversity initiative for the Oscars creates a new problem: ageism. Older members say a diversity initiative for the Oscars creates a new problem: ageism. Cara Buckley The Carpetbagger column analyzes outrage over lack of diversity among Oscar nominees; notes many Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences members, most of whom are white men, are against rule changes made to address problem. 

Ben van Beurden’s $50 billion takeover of the BG Group, approved by Shell shareholders on Wednesday, needs $60-a-barrel oil to create economic value. Ben van Beurden’s $50 billion takeover of the BG Group, approved by Shell shareholders on Wednesday, needs $60-a-barrel oil to create economic value. 

The artist spoke to high school students in Chelsea about the project, which is to open to the public in a northern Italian lake in June. The artist spoke to high school students in Chelsea about the project, which is to open to the public in a northern Italian lake in June. 

The pianist performed at the 92nd Street Y as part of the Seeing Music Festival, which runs through Feb. 18. The pianist performed at the 92nd Street Y as part of the Seeing Music Festival, which runs through Feb. 18. Corinna da Fonseca-Wollheim reviews performance by pianist Matan Porat, accompanying silent film The General, as part of 92nd Street Y's Seeing Music Festival. 

Elizabeth McKenzie’s second novel examines the quirks of its title character, a serial appeaser named after a Norwegian economist, who approaches her nuptials. Elizabeth McKenzie’s second novel examines the quirks of its title character, a serial appeaser named after a Norwegian economist, who approaches her nuptials. Jennifer Senior reviews book The Portable Veblen by Elizabeth McKenzie.

In a 2015 speech officially published in book form, the Chinese president refers to corrupt officials who were plotting to “wreck and split the party.” In a 2015 speech officially published in book form, the Chinese president refers to corrupt officials who were plotting to “wreck and split the party.” 

Readers discuss the state of play in the uncertain G.O.P. race. Readers discuss the state of play in the uncertain G.O.P. race. 

The pact, which requires City Council approval, seeks to end unlawful arrests and ensure that the courts are independent of prosecutors. The pact, which requires City Council approval, seeks to end unlawful arrests and ensure that the courts are independent of prosecutors. Justice Dept and Ferguson, Mo, reach agreement aimed at overhauling city's justice system; deal, known as consent decree, stems from criticism of city's courts and police in wake of 2014 police shooting of black teenager Michael Brown; if approved, agreement will bring sweeping changes and spare city a long and involved civil rights court battle.

People digging out from last weekend’s storm may be relieved to know that standard homeowner’s insurance covers most damage caused by winter storms. People digging out from last weekend’s storm may be relieved to know that standard homeowner’s insurance covers most damage caused by winter storms. 

The quarter was another blockbuster for the social media company, and its shares jumped in after-hours trading. The quarter was another blockbuster for the social media company, and its shares jumped in after-hours trading. Facebook reports fourth quarter sales rose 52 percent, to $5.84 billion, from year ago quarter and that profit more than doubled to $1.56 billion from year earlier.

Even as petroleum prices plummet and the kingdom burns through its financial reserves, the Saudis are betting they can win an oil war of attrition. Even as petroleum prices plummet and the kingdom burns through its financial reserves, the Saudis are betting they can win an oil war of attrition. Saudi Arabia has continued to produce oil at almost full capacity and has persuaded its OPEC allies in Persian Gulf to behave similarly, even in face of dropping oil prices due to global glut; strategy is very risky, and relies on Saudi confidence that it can win oil-price war of attrition.

At least 12 victims have been attacked by men wielding knives or razors in separate and seemingly random assaults in recent months. At least 12 victims have been attacked by men wielding knives or razors in separate and seemingly random assaults in recent months. At least 12 men and women have been attacked by men wielding knives or razors in New York City subways in several months, which has set many in city on edge, particularly as there seems to be no motive for crimes.

Whether you’re looking for a date for Valentine’s Day or a long-term relationship, dating apps can make it easier to find a match. Whether you’re looking for a date for Valentine’s Day or a long-term relationship, dating apps can make it easier to find a match. Kit Eaton App Smart column highlights dating apps for Valentine's Day.

Mr. Hall, who called his first Daytona 500 for radio listeners in 1960, was inducted into the Motorsports Hall of Fame in 2007. Mr. Hall, who called his first Daytona 500 for radio listeners in 1960, was inducted into the Motorsports Hall of Fame in 2007. Barney Hall, Motor Racing Network sports commentator and voice of Daytona 500 since 1960, dies at age 83.

The former leader of Ivory Coast will be the first ex-president to be tried by the court when it opens on Thursday. The former leader of Ivory Coast will be the first ex-president to be tried by the court when it opens on Thursday. Ivory Coast is divided over legacy of former president, Laurent Gbagbo, ahead of his trial for crimes against humanity at International Criminal Court in The Hague; supporters assert current president, Alassane Ouattara, should also be held accountable; trial is crucial test for court, which has had mixed success in bringing high-profile offenders to justice.

The former mayor knows that presidential campaign history is littered with failed runs by third-party candidates. The former mayor knows that presidential campaign history is littered with failed runs by third-party candidates. Op-Ed article by author and former New York Times journalist Joyce Purnick explores prospect of former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg entering 2016 presidential race as centrist independent third-party candidate.

The company confirmed on Wednesday that Ms. Chiquet was departing “due to differences of opinion about the strategic direction of the company.” The company confirmed on Wednesday that Ms. Chiquet was departing “due to differences of opinion about the strategic direction of the company.” Chanel confirms chief executive Maureen Chiquet will leave company at end of January, after serving in that position since 2007; company chairman Alain Wetheimer will take over operation management until new chief executive is found.

A reader who served in Korea avoided war because of his ability to type. A reader who served in Korea avoided war because of his ability to type. 

The lawsuit, filed against a civil affairs bureau that refused to marry two men, is expected to start this week, and it has galvanized some gay rights advocates. The lawsuit, filed against a civil affairs bureau that refused to marry two men, is expected to start this week, and it has galvanized some gay rights advocates. Same-sex Chinese couple sues local civil affairs bureau that refused their registration for marriage; couple's effort lands them at forefront of growing gay rights movement opposing tacit disapproval of state and family; unprecedented lawsuit faces long and difficult battle in Chinese court system.

Spats over trespassing, privacy and air rights are heating up as the little copters become more popular. Spats over trespassing, privacy and air rights are heating up as the little copters become more popular. Nick Bilton Disruptions column examines growing controversy over drone use and outrage from neighbors of drone owners who feel spied upon; recounts his own experience of having his privacy invaded when drone with camera flew close to his window.

A reader writes, “There is a simple way to reduce the risk of buying fake tickets.” A reader writes, “There is a simple way to reduce the risk of buying fake tickets.” 

The Commerce Department said on Wednesday that sales last month rose to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 544,000 units, the highest level since February. The Commerce Department said on Wednesday that sales last month rose to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 544,000 units, the highest level since February. Commerce Dept reports sales of new single-family homes grew significantly in December 2015, rising 10.8 percent to seasonally adjusted annual rate of 544,000 units, highest level in 10 months.

Mr. Finicum, a de facto spokesman for the group that took over a wildlife refuge, was killed when the authorities arrested his fellow protesters. Mr. Finicum, a de facto spokesman for the group that took over a wildlife refuge, was killed when the authorities arrested his fellow protesters. LaVoy Finicum, protester shot and killed during standoff between police and occupiers of Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon, was frequent spokesperson for protesters and one of most recognized faces among them; Finicum's death has further raised his profile among supporters of occupation.

George Boutros will take the reins of the boutique investment bank, as Mr. Quattrone becomes executive chairman. George Boutros will take the reins of the boutique investment bank, as Mr. Quattrone becomes executive chairman. Qatalyst Group announces that chief executive Frank P Quattrone will step down, passing reins to George Boutros.

“It’s like living in a hellhole right now,” Donald J. Trump told the Fox Business Network anchor Maria Bartiromo. “It’s like living in a hellhole right now,” Donald J. Trump told the Fox Business Network anchor Maria Bartiromo. Donald J Trump describes Brussels as 'hellhole' whose unassimilated citizens want Shariah law, drawing ire of Belgians already struggling with terrorist presence and government incompetence; counterattack is conducted most vigorously via social media, while most Belgian officials dismiss Trump's comments as not worth responding to.

Kahlil Felder, a 5-foot-9 point guard for Oakland University, ranks third in Division I in scoring and first in assists. Kahlil Felder, a 5-foot-9 point guard for Oakland University, ranks third in Division I in scoring and first in assists. Oakland University point guard Kahlil Felder, standing only 5 feet 9 inches tall, ranks third in Division I scoring; averages 25.3 points a game, and ranks first in assists. 

The hunky actor is introduced as a global ambassador for tourism in his country at a party in Bryant Park. The hunky actor is introduced as a global ambassador for tourism in his country at a party in Bryant Park. 

The charity, which raised $372 million in 2015, has embraced aggressive styles of fund-raising, marketing and management — and has spent a significant proportion on overhead. The charity, which raised $372 million in 2015, has embraced aggressive styles of fund-raising, marketing and management — and has spent a significant proportion on overhead. Over four dozen current and former employees of Wounded Warrior Project, largest and fastest-growing veterans charity in country, say organization has spent lavishly on its employees, and on lobbying and public relations campaigns in effort to fight restrictions on amount charities can spend on overhead; project spent around 40 percent of $124 million in donations it received in 2014 on overhead.

Sean Baker, the director, teams up with the LVMH label. Sean Baker, the director, teams up with the LVMH label. Sean Baker, filmmaker who garnered attention and award nominations with his micro-budget feature Tangerine, has been commissioned by LVMH-owned fasion label Kenzo to direct short film Snowbird; film is shot on iPhone like its predecessor.

The Culture Ministry said that the documentary was unsuitable for minors because of its images of violence and that it gave a platform to propaganda. The Culture Ministry said that the documentary was unsuitable for minors because of its images of violence and that it gave a platform to propaganda. French Culture Ministry deems documentary film 'Salafistes' inappropriate for minors; asserts film's scenes of graphic violence and raw interviews with Al Qaeda members serves as propaganda for fundamentalist Islam; ruling comes as France struggles to reconcile security with freedom of speech after 2015 Paris terrorist attacks.

The Federal Reserve, which raised its benchmark interest rate last month for the first time in years, acknowledged weak global growth but said it still expected to increase rates. The Federal Reserve, which raised its benchmark interest rate last month for the first time in years, acknowledged weak global growth but said it still expected to increase rates. Federal Reserve cites confidence in its plan to gradually increase benchmark interest rate while maintaining job growth; statement issued after meeting of Fed's policy-making committee expresses worry about weak global growth and shaky financial markets, but reaffirms commitment to plan.

A man who claims he was a driver, Mark McConnell, gives his version of events, but it is unverified. A man who claims he was a driver, Mark McConnell, gives his version of events, but it is unverified. 

A handwritten letter dated May 29, 1962, by Adolf Eichmann asking for a pardon and commutation of his death sentence is translated by The New York Times. A handwritten letter dated May 29, 1962, by Adolf Eichmann asking for a pardon and commutation of his death sentence is translated by The New York Times. 

A book signing at the Shop at the Standard, new labels at Bergdorf Goodman and a new footwear line at Rag & Bone. A book signing at the Shop at the Standard, new labels at Bergdorf Goodman and a new footwear line at Rag & Bone. 

The proposed energy legislation focuses on protecting and improving the power grid and updating the oil and gas infrastructure. The proposed energy legislation focuses on protecting and improving the power grid and updating the oil and gas infrastructure. Senate begins debating energy bill that has strong bipartisan support, offering hope that legislation may sidestep partisan bickering that has felled previous bills; measure, which calls for updating of nation's power grid and oil and gas transportation systems, will be first energy law to be passed since 2007 if approved; bill's popularity rests in part on its scaled-down side and omission of elements favored by both sides of political divide.

The ruling could be a boon to thousands of other investors suing the bank for failing to disclose the loan problems that nearly caused the bank’s collapse. The ruling could be a boon to thousands of other investors suing the bank for failing to disclose the loan problems that nearly caused the bank’s collapse. 

The Federal Communications Commission wants to make it easier for subscribers to choose TV devices, and for manufacturers to introduce them. The Federal Communications Commission wants to make it easier for subscribers to choose TV devices, and for manufacturers to introduce them. Federal Communications Commission announces proposal to allow subscribers to cable and satellite television services to pick devices they use to watch programming; technology companies cheer proposal while cable television industry criticizes it, as current system compels almost all cable customers to use device leased by cable companies for average of $231 per year.

A new study provides researchers with their first biological handle on the disorder, and helps explain why it often begins at a relatively young age. A new study provides researchers with their first biological handle on the disorder, and helps explain why it often begins at a relatively young age. Study published in journal Nature marks significant step forward in understanding cause of schizophrenia and offers first well-tested insight into biology behind common psychiatric disorders; results of study give researchers window into how genes can increase risk of person developing schizophrenia and help explain many things that have remained unclear about disorder, such as why its onset occurs during adolescence and young adulthood.

In at least 20 cases, naturalized United States citizens have had their passports confiscated after coercive encounters at the embassy in Sana, lawyers said. In at least 20 cases, naturalized United States citizens have had their passports confiscated after coercive encounters at the embassy in Sana, lawyers said. Nine civil rights groups and attorney representing Brooklyn bodega owner identified only as Mohammed, a naturalized citizen from Yemen, ask Office of Inspector General why his United States password was revoked in 2013 by US Embassy in Sana; group says Mohammed's is one of at least 20 similar cases, one of which has resulted in suit against State Dept.

The technology company agreed to pay $185 million on revenue generated in a 10-year period, a deal the government called a “major success.” The technology company agreed to pay $185 million on revenue generated in a 10-year period, a deal the government called a “major success.” Government of British Prime Min David Cameron defends 130 million-pound agreement reached with Google over back taxes, pushing back against criticism from political opposition and others within Cameron's conservative party.

Advocacy groups call for supporting women’s reproductive rights in light of the government advisory. Advocacy groups call for supporting women’s reproductive rights in light of the government advisory. 

The Business Roundtable takes issue with an editorial criticizing regulatory improvement legislation. The Business Roundtable takes issue with an editorial criticizing regulatory improvement legislation. 

A parliamentary report accused the central bank of threatening to withhold aid to Irish banks if the government forced senior bond investors to share in the losses. A parliamentary report accused the central bank of threatening to withhold aid to Irish banks if the government forced senior bond investors to share in the losses. Irish parliamentary committee report finds European Central Bank put undue burden on country's citiezens when it refused to force bond investors to share losses from troubled banks in 2010.

There were couture shorts at Armani, some military themes at Margiela, spangles from Elie Saab and John Paul Gaultier’s customary party on the runway. There were couture shorts at Armani, some military themes at Margiela, spangles from Elie Saab and John Paul Gaultier’s customary party on the runway. 

President Obama marked International Holocaust Remembrance Day at the Israeli Embassy, holding up the honorees as symbols of the values Israel and the United States share. President Obama marked International Holocaust Remembrance Day at the Israeli Embassy, holding up the honorees as symbols of the values Israel and the United States share. Pres Obama becomes first sitting American president to speak at Israeli Embassy, urging continued vigilance against anti-Semitism at celebration posthumously honoring non-Jewish Americans who risked their lives to save Jews during Holocaust; president's appearance comes after two countries' intimate connection was frayed by bitter disagreement over 2015 Iran nuclear accord.

Mr. Bundy, the protest leader, asked remaining occupiers at an Oregon wildlife refuge to “please stand down.” The F.B.I. later said three had surrendered. Mr. Bundy, the protest leader, asked remaining occupiers at an Oregon wildlife refuge to “please stand down.” The F.B.I. later said three had surrendered. Ammon Bundy, jailed leader of armed occupiers of Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, calls on his followers to surrender and go home; remaining occupiers say they intend to stay, noting that they believe death of their compatriot LaVoy Finicum was murder and that jailing of Bundy is outrage.

Mr. Tuggle helped create a digital database that includes details from every performance since the Met opened with Gounod’s “Faust” on Oct. 22, 1883. Mr. Tuggle helped create a digital database that includes details from every performance since the Met opened with Gounod’s “Faust” on Oct. 22, 1883. Robert Tuggle, archivist of the Metropolitan Opera who helped create an exhaustive database of every performance since the Met's opening in 1883, dies at 83.

Black motorists were given tickets for not wearing seatbelts nearly twice as often as white motorists in 2014, an American Civil Liberties Union report said. Black motorists were given tickets for not wearing seatbelts nearly twice as often as white motorists in 2014, an American Civil Liberties Union report said. American Civil Liberties Union report finds black drivers in Florida were ticketed for failure to wear seatbelts at rate twice as high as that of white drivers in 2014, with much greater disparity in some areas of state; finding fuels debate over racial profiling.

Supporters of the law regularly encounter stony skepticism in the state: “Obamacare is toxic,” said Craig W. Jones of the Oklahoma Hospital Association. Supporters of the law regularly encounter stony skepticism in the state: “Obamacare is toxic,” said Craig W. Jones of the Oklahoma Hospital Association. Health insurance advocates in Oklahoma are making last push to enroll uninsured before end of Affordable Care Act's third annual open enrollment, despite strong resistance in state that is one of most opposed to health law; nearly 600,000 Oklahoma residents are uninsured.

Five people are shot, two of them fatally, in what the city authorities are calling a target attack, possibly linked to low-level drug activity. Five people are shot, two of them fatally, in what the city authorities are calling a target attack, possibly linked to low-level drug activity. 

Israel released the handwritten letter by Mr. Eichmann in which he denies guilt, saying Nazi officials like him were “mere instruments in the hands of leaders.” Israel released the handwritten letter by Mr. Eichmann in which he denies guilt, saying Nazi officials like him were “mere instruments in the hands of leaders.” Israeli Pres Reuven Rivlin makes public number of original documents from war crimes case of Adolf Eichmann during event to commemorate International Holocaust Remembrance Day on 71st anniversary of liberation of Auschwitz; one of documents is letter in which Eichmann pleads for his life, saying that he was merely following orders when he participated in annihilation of millions of Jews by Nazi Germany.

In the last 10 Super Bowls that had betting line movement, the teams that bettors supported had a record of 5-5. In the last 10 Super Bowls that had betting line movement, the teams that bettors supported had a record of 5-5. Carolina Panthers are favorite to win Super Bowl 50, and bookmakers have continued to increase spread as bets flow in; wisdom of gamblers in such cases has proven suspect in past, with only half of favored teams winning Super Bowls with betting line movement.

The star of the stealth hit sitcom has stood out on Broadway, but she is having her TV breakout moment. The star of the stealth hit sitcom has stood out on Broadway, but she is having her TV breakout moment. Actress Sutton Foster, who is already well known to Broadway fans, is having second breakout moment at age 40 while starring in TV Land sitcom Younger.

Visual China Group’s purchase means the company will control famous images of Marilyn Monroe, Rosa Parks and — troubling to watchdogs — the 1989 crackdown. Visual China Group’s purchase means the company will control famous images of Marilyn Monroe, Rosa Parks and — troubling to watchdogs — the 1989 crackdown. 

European governments have allowed fears about migration and terrorism to erode their commitment to civil rights, the group said in a new report. European governments have allowed fears about migration and terrorism to erode their commitment to civil rights, the group said in a new report. 

Miazga, 20, had been in training with the United States national team this month. Miazga, 20, had been in training with the United States national team this month. Chelsea will reportedly acquire defender Matt Miazga from New York Red Bulls; MLS, which controls all player contracts, and Chelsea still need to agree on terms, including transfer fee.

The author of six acclaimed books in Spanish, his newest novel, "Sudden Death," which earned major literary prizes in Mexico and Spain, is his first novel to appear in English. The author of six acclaimed books in Spanish, his newest novel, "Sudden Death," which earned major literary prizes in Mexico and Spain, is his first novel to appear in English. 

To avoid offending President Hassan Rouhani on his visit to Rome, one critic wrote, “we offended ourselves.” To avoid offending President Hassan Rouhani on his visit to Rome, one critic wrote, “we offended ourselves.” Italians decry government's decision to cover nude statues in Rome's Capitoline Museums to avoid offending visiting Iranian Pres Hassan Rouhani; episode reflects challenges involved in theocratic Iran's re-engagement with liberal West after lifting of international economic sanctions.

A jury acquitted five former brokers of charges that they helped a one-time trader at UBS and Citigroup manipulate a benchmark interest rate. A jury acquitted five former brokers of charges that they helped a one-time trader at UBS and Citigroup manipulate a benchmark interest rate. London jury acquits five former stock brokers of helping former UBS and Citigroup trader Tom Hayes manipulate benchmark interest rate known as Libor; sixth broker is acquitted of separate conspiracy count, but jury still has to deliberate over another count of conspiracy to defraud; acquittals are major setback for British authorities, who have been criticized for failing to be as aggressive as United States officials in prosecuting financial crimes.

Senior officials in the Modi government could be implicated in the death of a student tormented by caste prejudice. Senior officials in the Modi government could be implicated in the death of a student tormented by caste prejudice. 

Invisible Sentinel says its food testing technology offers a faster, easier and cheaper way to test for pathogens and spoilage in foods. Invisible Sentinel says its food testing technology offers a faster, easier and cheaper way to test for pathogens and spoilage in foods. Philiadelphia-based company Invisible Sentinel has developed patented food testing technology, called Veriflow, that detects contamination more quickly, cheaply and easily than available technologies.

How the sound team of “The Revenant” used horse and camel audio to bring the film’s bear to roaring life. How the sound team of “The Revenant” used horse and camel audio to bring the film’s bear to roaring life. 

Shares of Apple and Boeing were lower after their earnings reports disappointed investors. Shares of Apple and Boeing were lower after their earnings reports disappointed investors. Stocks drop in wake of Federal Reserve's cautious assessment of global economy and its failure to indicate whether it will slow down planned increase on interest rates.

In order to be of use, assistants like Cortana and Siri need to know a lot about you. Reading the companies’ privacy statements can give you an idea of how much. In order to be of use, assistants like Cortana and Siri need to know a lot about you. Reading the companies’ privacy statements can give you an idea of how much. Tech Tips Q&A on why Microsoft's digital assistant Cortana requires so much personal information.

After pressure from hedge funds, Claire Gogel, a former Greenlight executive, will join the board of the struggling renewable energy company. After pressure from hedge funds, Claire Gogel, a former Greenlight executive, will join the board of the struggling renewable energy company. SunEdison agrees to give Greenlight Capital, led by investor David Enhorn, seat on its board, responding to pressures stemming from company's plunging share price. 

The transaction was contingent on Meredith Corporation bowing out from its own attempt to combine with Media General. The transaction was contingent on Meredith Corporation bowing out from its own attempt to combine with Media General. 

If Apple is hitting a plateau because of slower iPhone growth, it’s one of the highest plateaus ever reached in the business world. If Apple is hitting a plateau because of slower iPhone growth, it’s one of the highest plateaus ever reached in the business world. Farhad Manjoo State of the Art column suggests that Apple is doing fine, despite earnings report that showed iPhone sales have hit peak; notes other aspects of report, such as record $18.4 billion profit in quarter, which no other company has ever achieved, as evidence; acknowledges company faces long-term worries.

The Must Farm site in Cambridgeshire, destroyed by fire 3,000 years ago, is considered so rich that it has been compared to Pompeii. The Must Farm site in Cambridgeshire, destroyed by fire 3,000 years ago, is considered so rich that it has been compared to Pompeii. Whittlesey Journal; unassuming rural English archaeological site offers researchers vast and revealing range of artifacts rivaling Pompeii; 3,000-year-old settlement, in village now known as Whittlesey in Cambridgeshire, was accidentally unearthed by construction company digging quarry and appears to have been mysteriously destroyed by fire.

The Times’s chief classical music critic on the appointment of Mr. van Zweden as the next music director at the Philharmonic. The Times’s chief classical music critic on the appointment of Mr. van Zweden as the next music director at the Philharmonic. Anthony Tommasini Critic’s Notebook contends New York Philharmonic made safe choice selecting Jaap van Zweden as next music director; notes contrast between van Zweden's solid, predictable mastery of classical works with Alan Gilbert's youthful, innovative approach.

The appointment of Mr. van Zweden ends nearly a year of speculation about who would succeed Alan Gilbert as music director when he steps down next year. The appointment of Mr. van Zweden ends nearly a year of speculation about who would succeed Alan Gilbert as music director when he steps down next year. New York Philharmonic names Jaap van Zweden, conductor of Dallas Symphony Orchestra and Hong Kong Philharmonic, to succeed music director Alan Gilbert in 2017; van Zweden looks forward to opportunities and challenges of boosting orchestra's endowment and maintaining audience during renovation of David Geffen Hall.  

Here are some key facts about the Dutch conductor Jaap van Zweden, starting with how to pronounce his name. Here are some key facts about the Dutch conductor Jaap van Zweden, starting with how to pronounce his name. 

The track, which features Drake, is an indication that the pop star’s first album since her 2012 LP “Unapologetic” is coming soon. The track, which features Drake, is an indication that the pop star’s first album since her 2012 LP “Unapologetic” is coming soon. Rihanna releases long-awaited track Work ahead of upcoming album. 

The resignation of Christiane Taubira, widely known as an independent spirit with a bent more leftist than that of the Socialist government, came abruptly. The resignation of Christiane Taubira, widely known as an independent spirit with a bent more leftist than that of the Socialist government, came abruptly. French Justice Min Christiane Taubira resigns after dispute over whether to strip citizenship of French-born dual nationals convicted of terrorism; leftist official was rare black female in government of Pres Francois Hollande, with which she often clashed; proposal is one of series made in response to November 2015 Paris terrorist attacks.

Waiting for hours in the food line at Franklin Barbecue in Austin, Tex., is a rite of passage for the famished and the faithful from all over. Waiting for hours in the food line at Franklin Barbecue in Austin, Tex., is a rite of passage for the famished and the faithful from all over. Reverence for slow-cooked Texas barbecue has led to lines of several hours at Franklin Barbecue in Austin, Tex, and at other restaurants around state; devotees say they have become accustomed to long waits, which have taken on ritual status.

The Faurschou Foundation, a contemporary art gallery in Copenhagen, confirmed on Facebook and Instagram that Mr. Ai’s “Ruptures” would end ahead of schedule. The Faurschou Foundation, a contemporary art gallery in Copenhagen, confirmed on Facebook and Instagram that Mr. Ai’s “Ruptures” would end ahead of schedule. Dissident Chinese artist Ai Weiwei plans to close his current Copenhagen exhibition to protest new Danish law permitting confiscation of refugees' possessions to subsidize their stay in country; museum confirms move, taking artist's side and criticizing policy in press release.

The deal, one of the first struck with the price of oil in free fall, will create the global leader among public companies in liquefied natural gas. The deal, one of the first struck with the price of oil in free fall, will create the global leader among public companies in liquefied natural gas. 

The secretary of state, in Beijing, warned that if necessary, the United States would take security steps China’s leaders have strongly opposed. The secretary of state, in Beijing, warned that if necessary, the United States would take security steps China’s leaders have strongly opposed. Sec of State John Kerry tells Chinese foreign minister United States will take necessary steps to defend itself from long-range nuclear weapon North Korea is reportedly developing; warns reluctant Chinese leaders to rein in their neighbor or accept American actions, including installation of missile defense system in South Korea.

The R.S.S., a Hindu nationalist organization, is making a play for control of Indian intellectual life. The R.S.S., a Hindu nationalist organization, is making a play for control of Indian intellectual life. 

Decades of de facto independence have whetted Taiwanese appetites for the real thing. Decades of de facto independence have whetted Taiwanese appetites for the real thing. 

A statement from the Chinese Foreign Ministry suggested that Beijing was asserting a commitment to the peace process. A statement from the Chinese Foreign Ministry suggested that Beijing was asserting a commitment to the peace process. 

After critics weighed in on the furor over the all-white acting nominations, readers joined the debate, with many arguing that the academy got it right. After critics weighed in on the furor over the all-white acting nominations, readers joined the debate, with many arguing that the academy got it right. 

We sent our reporter Trip Gabriel to live in Iowa. Here’s what he’s watching for as the caucuses near. We sent our reporter Trip Gabriel to live in Iowa. Here’s what he’s watching for as the caucuses near. 

Two new reports suggest that while Chinese people remain wedded, though not always blissfully, to the status quo, President Xi Jinping confronts a persistent undercurrent of discontent. Two new reports suggest that while Chinese people remain wedded, though not always blissfully, to the status quo, President Xi Jinping confronts a persistent undercurrent of discontent. 

The Spanish lender took a series of one-time charges to compensate consumers in Britain for the improper selling of payment-protection insurance and for the decline in the value of software. The Spanish lender took a series of one-time charges to compensate consumers in Britain for the improper selling of payment-protection insurance and for the decline in the value of software. 

Raonic beat Gaël Monfils on Wednesday to advance to play Andy Murray on Friday. Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer are matched in the other semifinal. Raonic beat Gaël Monfils on Wednesday to advance to play Andy Murray on Friday. Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer are matched in the other semifinal. Christopher Clarey On Tennis column holds that Milos Raonic has surprised many this season, making it to semifinals of Australian Open tennis tournament, along with Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer and Andy Murray--three members of Big 4.

The reappointment of Nguyen Phu Trong is unlikely to alter the country’s strategic balance in relations with China and the United States. The reappointment of Nguyen Phu Trong is unlikely to alter the country’s strategic balance in relations with China and the United States. Communist Party of Vietnam reappoints Nguyen Phu Trong, incumbent general secretary, to second five-year term; experts expect leader, member of party's old guard, to maintain close ties with China while seeking to increase cooperation with United States; compliance with recent US-sponsored Pacific Rim trade agreement will require opening of country's economy.

Royal Bank of Scotland, which is based in Edinburgh and is in the middle of a large restructuring plan, has not posted an annual profit since 2007. Royal Bank of Scotland, which is based in Edinburgh and is in the middle of a large restructuring plan, has not posted an annual profit since 2007. Royal Bank of Scotland says it will report annual loss for 2015 after taking series of charges to close deficit in pension plan and resolve past misconduct; bank has not posted annual profit since 2007.

The destruction of an electrical tower exposed a vulnerability in the nation’s infrastructure at a time when rebels have government forces thinly stretched. The destruction of an electrical tower exposed a vulnerability in the nation’s infrastructure at a time when rebels have government forces thinly stretched. Power line in northern Afghanistan is destroyed by Taliban, cutting electricity transmission to Kabul and exposing weakness of country's infrastructure.

Mr. Sanders, who has prided himself on avoiding a negative campaign, is wrestling with whether to use a tougher line of ads, which some say may be his only path to win Iowa. Mr. Sanders, who has prided himself on avoiding a negative campaign, is wrestling with whether to use a tougher line of ads, which some say may be his only path to win Iowa. Vermont Sen Bernie Sanders's presidential campaign is confronting question of whether to launch stronger line of advertising against Hillary Clinton in Iowa, move some say is necessary to win contest there; Sanders has prided himself on running positive, issues-oriented campaign and avoiding mud-slinging common in presidential race.

Nader Modanlo, released by the United States this month in a prisoner exchange with Iran, was reluctant to accept the deal because it required him to abandon an appeal of his conviction. Nader Modanlo, released by the United States this month in a prisoner exchange with Iran, was reluctant to accept the deal because it required him to abandon an appeal of his conviction. Iranian-American businessman Nader Modanlo is forced to abandon his appeal and accept felony on his record, according to terms of prisoner swap with Iran that freed him from American prison; laments loss of opportunity to prove his innocence in case, among highest-profile prosecutions for illegal business dealings with Iran; asserts he accepted deal under duress and was pawn in larger effort to secure release of captive Americans in Iran.

Virtual assistants from tech behemoths including Apple, Microsoft, Amazon and Google are graded on their abilities to actually be of assistance. Virtual assistants from tech behemoths including Apple, Microsoft, Amazon and Google are graded on their abilities to actually be of assistance. Tech Fix column tests and compares digital assistants on market to determine how Apple's Siri, Google, Microsoft's Cortana and Amazon's Alexa stack up against one another.

Francesca Eleonora Versace, Donatella’s niece, unveils her handbag designs. Francesca Eleonora Versace, Donatella’s niece, unveils her handbag designs. 

A video of a woman denouncing those who resell hospital access for a profit was widely circulated online this week, inciting outrage among many. A video of a woman denouncing those who resell hospital access for a profit was widely circulated online this week, inciting outrage among many. 

Australia-born Johanna Konta is “very happy, very pleased” to represent Britain and is the first British woman in a Grand Slam semifinal in 33 years. Australia-born Johanna Konta is “very happy, very pleased” to represent Britain and is the first British woman in a Grand Slam semifinal in 33 years. 

Mayor de Blasio will head to Iowa this weekend in support of Mrs. Clinton in the final days of her close race against Senator Bernie Sanders in the state’s presidential caucuses. Mayor de Blasio will head to Iowa this weekend in support of Mrs. Clinton in the final days of her close race against Senator Bernie Sanders in the state’s presidential caucuses. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio will campaign for Hillary Clinton in Iowa in advance of state's presidential caucuses.

A note to those fashion designers who play the high-low game: Don’t forget the irony. A note to those fashion designers who play the high-low game: Don’t forget the irony. Menswear designers at Paris Fashion Week attempt to appeal to young new rich by pairing high-end clothing with seemingly low-end items.

The major men’s brands like Lanvin and Balmain are reckoning with the new social media order. The major men’s brands like Lanvin and Balmain are reckoning with the new social media order. Guy Trebay reviews men's wear collections from Valentino, Lanvin, Balmain and others at Paris Fashion Week.

Tucked into a piece of legislation are a few words that will change how American officials treat Israeli settlements in the West Bank. Tucked into a piece of legislation are a few words that will change how American officials treat Israeli settlements in the West Bank. Op-Ed article by author Eyal Press urges Pres Obama to reconsider legislation that would collapse distinction between Israel proper and its West Bank settlements for international trade purposes; cites Human Right Watch report which considers economic activity in occupied areas abusive in its effect on Palestinians.

Jason Basmajian worked fast to put together what he calls a “very masculine” collection in time for the Paris men’s wear presentation. Jason Basmajian worked fast to put together what he calls a “very masculine” collection in time for the Paris men’s wear presentation. Designer Jason Basmajian's first collection for French fashion house Cerruti 1881 aims to bring label back to its heritage.

The designers reveled in fashion’s storytelling trend, offering both clothes and long lists of inspirations. The designers reveled in fashion’s storytelling trend, offering both clothes and long lists of inspirations. Guy Trebay reviews men's collections by Rick Owens, Raf Simons, Louis Vuitton and Dries Van Noten at Paris Fashion Week.

Many had been anticipating the scheduled March reopening of the storied building, but keeping that timing now looks unlikely. Many had been anticipating the scheduled March reopening of the storied building, but keeping that timing now looks unlikely. Fire at Ritz hotel in Paris sends shock through fashion week crowd that frequents establishment.

The cultish Repetto has opened its first boutique in the United States, in SoHo. The cultish Repetto has opened its first boutique in the United States, in SoHo. Molly Young reviews West Broadway outpost of French shoe company Repetto.

Here are seven times this season that fans were baffled by a ruling. See if you can make the right call. Here are seven times this season that fans were baffled by a ruling. See if you can make the right call. 

After years of covering breaking news or serious social issues, Walter Astrada has embarked on a motorcycle trip to take pictures around the world. After years of covering breaking news or serious social issues, Walter Astrada has embarked on a motorcycle trip to take pictures around the world. 

All the talk about data privacy can get caught up in political wrangling. But the different approaches have practical consequences for people, too. All the talk about data privacy can get caught up in political wrangling. But the different approaches have practical consequences for people, too. 

Once again, an intense weekend of critiques, conversation and community will take place at the Fourth Annual New York Portfolio Review. It’s free, but space is limited, so apply now. Once again, an intense weekend of critiques, conversation and community will take place at the Fourth Annual New York Portfolio Review. It’s free, but space is limited, so apply now. 

Photos posted this week on @nytimes took followers from the midst of the blizzard to the streets of Soho in London. Photos posted this week on @nytimes took followers from the midst of the blizzard to the streets of Soho in London. 

Celebrities like New York's pizza joints, and customers like the celebrities. Celebrities like New York's pizza joints, and customers like the celebrities. 

Saturday’s snow storm led to the inevitable parade of businessmen in leather shoes jumping over puddles. Saturday’s snow storm led to the inevitable parade of businessmen in leather shoes jumping over puddles. 

Our Facebook messenger experiment is over. Thanks to everyone who joined. Our Facebook messenger experiment is over. Thanks to everyone who joined. 

Ten of the protesters in Oregon who were arrested this week appeared before a federal magistrate in Portland. The judge ordered the Bundy brothers and three others to remain in custody; two others will be released once the occupation ends; and the judge delayed decisions on three. Ten of the protesters in Oregon who were arrested this week appeared before a federal magistrate in Portland. The judge ordered the Bundy brothers and three others to remain in custody; two others will be released once the occupation ends; and the judge delayed decisions on three. 

 Samuel Donaldson and Brad Wilber return with a terrific Saturday challenge. Samuel Donaldson and Brad Wilber return with a terrific Saturday challenge.

Despite being a warm-weather city, Las Vegas says it has the strong hockey foundation necessary to support an N.H.L. team. Despite being a warm-weather city, Las Vegas says it has the strong hockey foundation necessary to support an N.H.L. team. 

 What actually gets classified? What actually gets classified?

 If there is a single symbol summing up Mrs. Clinton on the campaign trail, it is, perhaps, an enormous 3D printer she first encountered at a community college in Waterloo, Iowa. If there is a single symbol summing up Mrs. Clinton on the campaign trail, it is, perhaps, an enormous 3D printer she first encountered at a community college in Waterloo, Iowa.

 Finding my way in to the new album. Finding my way in to the new album.

Las asambleas caucus de Iowa son el primer lugar donde se miden las fuerzas de quienes competirán por la presidencia. Las asambleas caucus de Iowa son el primer lugar donde se miden las fuerzas de quienes competirán por la presidencia. 

 The senator told the people who will spend their weekend knocking on doors and begging Iowans to caucus for him that his chances of winning rely on turnout. The senator told the people who will spend their weekend knocking on doors and begging Iowans to caucus for him that his chances of winning rely on turnout.

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. 

Netflix is producing a limited-series revival of the fan favorite to be overseen by the series creator, Amy Sherman-Palladino. Netflix is producing a limited-series revival of the fan favorite to be overseen by the series creator, Amy Sherman-Palladino. 

 A compromise to reaffirm concealed-carry reciprocity with 25 states looks like a sellout to gun-control advocates. A compromise to reaffirm concealed-carry reciprocity with 25 states looks like a sellout to gun-control advocates.

After decades spent as the target of jokes and sneers, the singer’s solo career — and the song that built his legacy — are getting fresh looks. After decades spent as the target of jokes and sneers, the singer’s solo career — and the song that built his legacy — are getting fresh looks. 

From Joseph Abboud to Siki Im, it’s all here: Every designer who will be showing at the second round of men’s wear shows in Manhattan. From Joseph Abboud to Siki Im, it’s all here: Every designer who will be showing at the second round of men’s wear shows in Manhattan. 

Several artists participating in Paramount Ranch took inspiration from the event’s setting: the eponymous film set, of “Gunsmoke” fame. Several artists participating in Paramount Ranch took inspiration from the event’s setting: the eponymous film set, of “Gunsmoke” fame. 

 Photos from Syria, Serbia, India and Greece. Photos from Syria, Serbia, India and Greece.

Syria and More — Pictures of the Day Syria and More — Pictures of the Day 

 Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Kenneth Chang, Jenna Wortham and others. Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Kenneth Chang, Jenna Wortham and others.

 Priorities USA Action said on Friday that it raised more than $35 million in the last seven months, and with donors committing $42 million more, the group is in a stronger early position than any Democratic ‘super PAC’ before it. Priorities USA Action said on Friday that it raised more than $35 million in the last seven months, and with donors committing $42 million more, the group is in a stronger early position than any Democratic ‘super PAC’ before it.

 Mrs. Clinton also said that Mr. Sanders’s proposal for a single-payer health care system would thrust the nation into “a terrible, terrible national debate.” Mrs. Clinton also said that Mr. Sanders’s proposal for a single-payer health care system would thrust the nation into “a terrible, terrible national debate.”

 Supporters of Mr. Sanders can now text the word “Give” to a special number and automatically donate $10. Supporters of Mr. Sanders can now text the word “Give” to a special number and automatically donate $10.

Images of the director’s work, which is being shown in a series at BAMcinématek called “Heat & Vice: the Films of Michael Mann.” Images of the director’s work, which is being shown in a series at BAMcinématek called “Heat & Vice: the Films of Michael Mann.” 

 After a certain age, every man is responsible for his face. After a certain age, every man is responsible for his face.

Plus, the $17.5-million one that got away. Plus, the $17.5-million one that got away. 

The photographer Landon Nordeman takes us through the week’s shows in Paris during haute couture fashion week. The photographer Landon Nordeman takes us through the week’s shows in Paris during haute couture fashion week. 

The presidential candidate’s life story is told in picture books aimed at young children and searching biographies meant for tweens and teenagers. The presidential candidate’s life story is told in picture books aimed at young children and searching biographies meant for tweens and teenagers. 

 From the looks of the polls, they had little to lose, but Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum might have lost the respect of some conservatives by attending a Trump rally. From the looks of the polls, they had little to lose, but Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum might have lost the respect of some conservatives by attending a Trump rally.

A writer explores his native Nepal, more than 50 years after his parents moved to the country as Peace Corps volunteers. A writer explores his native Nepal, more than 50 years after his parents moved to the country as Peace Corps volunteers. 

The anise-flavored liqueur, which originated in Spain, is now being produced in Louisiana. The anise-flavored liqueur, which originated in Spain, is now being produced in Louisiana. 

Breaking down a garment from the Chanel haute couture runway. Breaking down a garment from the Chanel haute couture runway. 

 The rock journalist Paul Morley will write a biography of David Bowie that is expected to be published this year. The rock journalist Paul Morley will write a biography of David Bowie that is expected to be published this year.

The actress is being honored, along with her daughter, Charlotte Gainsbourg, with the “Jane and Charlotte Forever” series at Film Society of Lincoln Center. The actress is being honored, along with her daughter, Charlotte Gainsbourg, with the “Jane and Charlotte Forever” series at Film Society of Lincoln Center. 

 An energy revolution, suddenly in reach. An energy revolution, suddenly in reach.

American regulators approved a new once-daily pill for the liver-destroying virus made by Merck, which said it would sell the drug at a lower list price than its competitors. American regulators approved a new once-daily pill for the liver-destroying virus made by Merck, which said it would sell the drug at a lower list price than its competitors. Food and Drug Administration approves hepatitis C drug Zepatier made by Merck; price is $54,600 for 12-week regimen.

 In the final three days before the Iowa caucuses, Ted Cruz is turning his advertising attention in the state toward Senator Marco Rubio, with his strategists letting “super PACs” handle negative spots against the supposed front-runner, Donald J. Trump. In the final three days before the Iowa caucuses, Ted Cruz is turning his advertising attention in the state toward Senator Marco Rubio, with his strategists letting “super PACs” handle negative spots against the supposed front-runner, Donald J. Trump.

 Candidates’ fathers kept coming up during Thursday’s debate, resulting in some awkward moments. Candidates’ fathers kept coming up during Thursday’s debate, resulting in some awkward moments.

 An ad citing endorsements of Bernie Sanders could leave the impression that he received the backing of The Des Moines Register’s editorial page. He did not. An ad citing endorsements of Bernie Sanders could leave the impression that he received the backing of The Des Moines Register’s editorial page. He did not.

Chanel’s smartphone fanny packs, Schiaparelli’s potato brooches and more surprises from the spring/summer 2016 runways. Chanel’s smartphone fanny packs, Schiaparelli’s potato brooches and more surprises from the spring/summer 2016 runways. Lighter, less serious fashion looks are seen on runways during haute couture week in Paris.

Introducing Social Capital, a column devoted to the social-media presences of celebrities. Introducing Social Capital, a column devoted to the social-media presences of celebrities. 

Yeezy Season 3, Balmain for kids and Brooklyn’s side-gig. Yeezy Season 3, Balmain for kids and Brooklyn’s side-gig. 

 Lara Casalotti’s search for a stem cell donor that matches her Italian, Thai and Chinese ancestry has gone viral, attracting international attention and scores of new potential donors. Lara Casalotti’s search for a stem cell donor that matches her Italian, Thai and Chinese ancestry has gone viral, attracting international attention and scores of new potential donors.

 Donald J. Trump declared victory in his standoff with Fox News, telling a packed hotel ballroom in New Hampshire that he had shown the world just how tough he could be when challenged. Donald J. Trump declared victory in his standoff with Fox News, telling a packed hotel ballroom in New Hampshire that he had shown the world just how tough he could be when challenged.

 Taking a preschool class on a field trip into the mostly unknown: a bookstore. Taking a preschool class on a field trip into the mostly unknown: a bookstore.

The top moments at couture week, including Karl Lagerfeld’s country-house set, Cara Delevingne’s puppy and, of course, tulle and brocade galore. The top moments at couture week, including Karl Lagerfeld’s country-house set, Cara Delevingne’s puppy and, of course, tulle and brocade galore. 

The writer and “Game of Thrones” co-creator shares the titles he’d most want with him on a desert island. The writer and “Game of Thrones” co-creator shares the titles he’d most want with him on a desert island. 

 A quick sex quiz from researchers at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine will give you a better idea of your chances of contracting a sexually transmitted infection. A quick sex quiz from researchers at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine will give you a better idea of your chances of contracting a sexually transmitted infection.

State employees exchanged messages showing concern about the safety of the water at a state office building in Flint in January 2015, months before the Snyder administration acknowledged problems with the city's water. State employees exchanged messages showing concern about the safety of the water at a state office building in Flint in January 2015, months before the Snyder administration acknowledged problems with the city's water. 

When the voting starts in Iowa and New Hampshire, uncertainty about the odds of outsiders like Bernie Sanders and Donald J. Trump will begin to be resolved. When the voting starts in Iowa and New Hampshire, uncertainty about the odds of outsiders like Bernie Sanders and Donald J. Trump will begin to be resolved. 

Melissa Clark updates the pasta casserole with fontina cheese and wild mushrooms. Melissa Clark updates the pasta casserole with fontina cheese and wild mushrooms. 

New York Times music critics discuss changes within the genre. New York Times music critics discuss changes within the genre. 

From cassoulet to Nigella Lawson’s coffee walnut layer cake, here’s what to cook. From cassoulet to Nigella Lawson’s coffee walnut layer cake, here’s what to cook. 

 The French auction house Artcurial will hold a sale on May 9 of goods from the restaurant. The French auction house Artcurial will hold a sale on May 9 of goods from the restaurant.

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: France agrees to return to the Common Market in 1966. From the International Herald Tribune archives: France agrees to return to the Common Market in 1966.

 An LGBT-themed festival runs in Manchester, England; a dance triple bill opens in Paris; and the Bolshoi stages “Don Quixote” in Moscow. An LGBT-themed festival runs in Manchester, England; a dance triple bill opens in Paris; and the Bolshoi stages “Don Quixote” in Moscow.

 A reader asks: Is there a link between getting a good night’s sleep and the ability to ward off winter ailments like bronchitis, colds and pneumonia? A reader asks: Is there a link between getting a good night’s sleep and the ability to ward off winter ailments like bronchitis, colds and pneumonia?

 What is it like to be the first member of your family to go to college? This short film explores the privileges and challenges that first-generation college students, especially those attending the nation’s most prestigious universities, must learn to deal with. What is it like to be the first member of your family to go to college? This short film explores the privileges and challenges that first-generation college students, especially those attending the nation’s most prestigious universities, must learn to deal with.

 Failed to prevent? Maybe. Caused? No way. Failed to prevent? Maybe. Caused? No way.

 The earnings reports released by Amazon and Microsoft reinforced that cloud computing is a booming, multibillion-dollar business. The earnings reports released by Amazon and Microsoft reinforced that cloud computing is a booming, multibillion-dollar business.

 Why did health officials in the United States seek to reassure Americans? Why did health officials in the United States seek to reassure Americans?

The Martin-Gropius-Bau is showing “Art of Prehistoric Times: Rock Paintings from the Frobenius Collection” through May 16. The Martin-Gropius-Bau is showing “Art of Prehistoric Times: Rock Paintings from the Frobenius Collection” through May 16. 

Submit your Instagram images of a place you suddenly saw #ThroughFreshEyes. Submit your Instagram images of a place you suddenly saw #ThroughFreshEyes. 

What happens when you leave a city and then return year after year, still not prepared to call yourself an ex but increasingly bewildered like a tourist? What happens when you leave a city and then return year after year, still not prepared to call yourself an ex but increasingly bewildered like a tourist? 

 The mother-and-daughter actresses have held on to the artist’s home and once considered opening it to the public. The mother-and-daughter actresses have held on to the artist’s home and once considered opening it to the public.

Ms. Baez’s concert at the Beacon Theater, with guests including Paul Simon, Mavis Staples and Jackson Browne, was taped for PBS’s “Great Performances” series. Ms. Baez’s concert at the Beacon Theater, with guests including Paul Simon, Mavis Staples and Jackson Browne, was taped for PBS’s “Great Performances” series. Stephen Holden reviews concert at Beacon Theater to celebrate 75th birthday of folk singer Joan Baez; concert will be broadcast by PBS as part of Great Performances series.

At the gym the Monday after the big storm, the numbers being thrown around weren’t body weights or stock shares. At the gym the Monday after the big storm, the numbers being thrown around weren’t body weights or stock shares. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: The leader of Greece dies at 69 in 1941. From the International Herald Tribune archives: The leader of Greece dies at 69 in 1941.

Around the world, student activists are demanding that building and statutes commemorating historically figures whose legacies are now seen as morally dubious. Around the world, student activists are demanding that building and statutes commemorating historically figures whose legacies are now seen as morally dubious. 

Pay as you go: This country is no place for freeloaders. Pay as you go: This country is no place for freeloaders. 

 A debate without Donald J. Trump does not mean that he is really absent. At least that was the takeaway after the first two-hour Republican primary debate held without the real estate developer, who is leading public opinion polls in Iowa. A debate without Donald J. Trump does not mean that he is really absent. At least that was the takeaway after the first two-hour Republican primary debate held without the real estate developer, who is leading public opinion polls in Iowa.

With a flood of amateur data, researchers create an animated map showing where birds go once they leave our backyards, and how they travel on the way back. With a flood of amateur data, researchers create an animated map showing where birds go once they leave our backyards, and how they travel on the way back. 

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 Test your knowledge of this week’s health news. Test your knowledge of this week’s health news.

The Netflix series “Making a Murderer” raised doubts about convictions in a 2005 murder. Here are a few of the questions, and responses from investigators and the lead prosecutor. The Netflix series “Making a Murderer” raised doubts about convictions in a 2005 murder. Here are a few of the questions, and responses from investigators and the lead prosecutor. 

Friday: Pet safety, wintry weather, and the state of dining in the city. Friday: Pet safety, wintry weather, and the state of dining in the city. 

Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Here’s what you need to know to start your day. 

 Puerto Rico Debt Negotiations Resume | Record Loss Means No Bonuses for Deutsche Bank Managers | Bank of Japan Moves to Negative Interest Rates Puerto Rico Debt Negotiations Resume | Record Loss Means No Bonuses for Deutsche Bank Managers | Bank of Japan Moves to Negative Interest Rates

What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including a a new program for kids at Keystone Resort and a new Kimpton hotel in Amsterdam. What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including a a new program for kids at Keystone Resort and a new Kimpton hotel in Amsterdam. 

 How old were you when the event happened? How did you learn about it? How old were you when the event happened? How did you learn about it?

Such shortages are the new normal in American medicine. But the rationing that results has been largely hidden from patients and the public. Such shortages are the new normal in American medicine. But the rationing that results has been largely hidden from patients and the public. Shortages of many drugs are forcing difficult decisions on rationing of patients' treatments; doctors, hospital officials and regulators contend choices about which patients at hospitals nationwide get drugs are frequently made in ad hoc ways, resulting in contradictory conclusions, gray ethical areas and medically uncertain practices; Cleveland Clinic is very proactive in dealing with shortages.

For whom does the government work? Presidents decide. For whom does the government work? Presidents decide. Op-Ed article by Sen Elizabeth Warren urges voters to consider which presidential candidates are most likely to enforce laws that will rebuild nation's faltering institutions; contends enforcement of reforms has received too little attention from candidates and electorate focused on new policy; cites instances in which corporations, for-profit colleges and drug makers have broken laws with little repercussion.

An unspoken agenda is behind the ugliness in American politics. An unspoken agenda is behind the ugliness in American politics. Paul Krugman Op-Ed column examines reasons for nastiness and vitriol that have come to define American politics; submits prejudices the elite have manipulated in order to pursue economic agenda have become more prominent as establishment has lost control of electorate; holds movement toward progressive goals will be hard slog requiring savvy leadership that recognizes both social and economic ills; suggests Hillary Clinton may be better suited to do this than Bernie Sanders.

Trump and Cruz have wondered. But a better question for the state might be: After 44 years of caucuses, how come you’re not culling out the crazies? Trump and Cruz have wondered. But a better question for the state might be: After 44 years of caucuses, how come you’re not culling out the crazies? 

One court case illustrates the importance of the Supreme Court’s decision to treat juveniles differently. One court case illustrates the importance of the Supreme Court’s decision to treat juveniles differently. Editorial contends case of Taurus Buchanan, who was sentenced in Louisiana in 1994 to life in prison without parole at age 16, illustrates wisdom of Supreme Court decision banning mandatory life-without-parole sentences for juveniles; supports court's rejection of practices equating morally and emotionally underdeveloped children with adults; notes Buchanan has since grown into dignified and respectful man and urges his release from prison.

Church officials are at odds, with some urging a slow evolution to multidenominational schools. Clearly this won’t do. Church officials are at odds, with some urging a slow evolution to multidenominational schools. Clearly this won’t do. Editorial supports movement underway in Ireland to strike down law allowing public schools to give preference to Catholic students; calls law biased and anachronistic in time of growing non-Catholic immigrant population and waning religiosity among youth; contends religious bias is at odds with modern Ireland.

A misguided federal approach has stifled innovation and hurt efforts to cut auto pollution. A misguided federal approach has stifled innovation and hurt efforts to cut auto pollution. 

 How should health officials respond to this mosquito-borne virus? How should health officials respond to this mosquito-borne virus?

Corrections appearing in print on Friday, January 29, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Friday, January 29, 2016. 

Quotation of the Day for Friday, January 29, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Friday, January 29, 2016. 

 William Gedney once said he was not “a social problem photographer.” Working in places like Appalachia and Northern California, he challenged preconceived notions to find enduring — and unexpected — images. William Gedney once said he was not “a social problem photographer.” Working in places like Appalachia and Northern California, he challenged preconceived notions to find enduring — and unexpected — images.

Commentators across the country assessed the Republicans who attended Thursday’s debate in Des Moines and the one who didn’t: Donald J. Trump. Commentators across the country assessed the Republicans who attended Thursday’s debate in Des Moines and the one who didn’t: Donald J. Trump. 

Elaine May remembers Mike Nichols on “American Masters.” “The Blind Side” recounts the feel-good story of the football player Michael Oher. And “Dateline” takes on the case of Steven Avery. Elaine May remembers Mike Nichols on “American Masters.” “The Blind Side” recounts the feel-good story of the football player Michael Oher. And “Dateline” takes on the case of Steven Avery. 

Jeremy W. Peters of The New York Times discusses key moments from the Republican presidential debate on Thursday in Des Moines, as the candidates sparred over immigration and other issues. Jeremy W. Peters of The New York Times discusses key moments from the Republican presidential debate on Thursday in Des Moines, as the candidates sparred over immigration and other issues. 

It was supposed to be about the veterans. It was not really about the veterans. It was supposed to be about the veterans. It was not really about the veterans. News Analysis; Donald J Trump, shunning Republican presidential debate in fit of pique, stages his own Des Moines event ostensibly for veterans as his adoring fans line up in cold to see him; offers flashy onstage performance, in which he mocks and derides other candidates; appearance highlights how he is overshadowing debate during peculiar primary season.

Photographs from the past week in New York and the region include images of the winter’s first snowstorm and the financially troubled Atlantic City. Photographs from the past week in New York and the region include images of the winter’s first snowstorm and the financially troubled Atlantic City. 

 This word has appeared in six New York Times articles in the past year. This word has appeared in six New York Times articles in the past year.

A new requirement, which follows a 2014 executive order affecting federal contractors, calls for companies with 100 employees or more to report pay by race, gender and ethnicity. A new requirement, which follows a 2014 executive order affecting federal contractors, calls for companies with 100 employees or more to report pay by race, gender and ethnicity. Pres Obama announces proposal to mandate companies report to government what they pay employees, broken down by race, gender and ethnicity, part of effort to address salary gap between men and women; rules will be issued by executive order, and announcement comes on seventh anniversary of signing of Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act.

DWORKIN--Peter L. 4/21/49 - 1/29/2015 Our Beloved Dad, brilliant, fascinating and utterly hilarious. You left us too soon. Always in our hearts, Natalie, Sam, Max & Rachel 1/3 DWORKIN--Peter L. 4/21/49 - 1/29/2015 Our Beloved Dad, brilliant, fascinating and utterly hilarious. You left us too soon. Always in our hearts, Natalie, Sam, Max & Rachel 1/3 

BERENBAUM--Alan, 64, a computer scientist, educator and renaissance man, died of an aggressive variety of T-cell lymphoma on January 27 at Memorial Sloan Kettering Hospital. He is survived by his devoted partner of 43 years, Eileen M. Lach, and his loving sisters May Berenbaum and Diane Berenbaum. Mr. Berenbaum, who earned his advanced degree in computer science from Princeton, spent more than 25 years as a scientist at Bell Labs, and most recently was the senior architect designing chips for Microchip Technologies. Holder of several patents, he also taught at The Cooper Union. To his extended circle of friends, Alan is remembered as an intoxicating, incisive conversationalist, at ease with subjects from quantum physics to Formula One racing to the absurdities of today's politics. He wore his brilliance with grace and humor. A celebration of his life and spirit will be held at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel at 1076 Madison Avenue at 1:30pm on Friday, January 29. 1/3 BERENBAUM--Alan, 64, a computer scientist, educator and renaissance man, died of an aggressive variety of T-cell lymphoma on January 27 at Memorial Sloan Kettering Hospital. He is survived by his devoted partner of 43 years, Eileen M. Lach, and his loving sisters May Berenbaum and Diane Berenbaum. Mr. Berenbaum, who earned his advanced degree in computer science from Princeton, spent more than 25 years as a scientist at Bell Labs, and most recently was the senior architect designing chips for Microchip Technologies. Holder of several patents, he also taught at The Cooper Union. To his extended circle of friends, Alan is remembered as an intoxicating, incisive conversationalist, at ease with subjects from quantum physics to Formula One racing to the absurdities of today's politics. He wore his brilliance with grace and humor. A celebration of his life and spirit will be held at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel at 1076 Madison Avenue at 1:30pm on Friday, January 29. 1/3 

ACHENBAUM--Alvin A.,90, on January 26, 2016. In 2000, he was named one of the most influential advertising executives of the 20th century by Advertising Age. Beloved husband of the late Barbara and Leila, devoted father of Jon Achenbaum, Lisa Kounitz and Martha Bratt and cherished father-in-law of Barb Achenbaum and Mark Bratt. Adoring grandfather of Julie, Amy and Anne Achenbaum, Benjamin and Jake Kounitz, Alex and Torie Bratt. Dear companion of Shirley Lindenbaum. Service Sunday, January 31, 9:45am at "The Riverside," 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Alvin A. Achenbaum Fellowship at the Hartman Center at Duke University. 1/3 ACHENBAUM--Alvin A.,90, on January 26, 2016. In 2000, he was named one of the most influential advertising executives of the 20th century by Advertising Age. Beloved husband of the late Barbara and Leila, devoted father of Jon Achenbaum, Lisa Kounitz and Martha Bratt and cherished father-in-law of Barb Achenbaum and Mark Bratt. Adoring grandfather of Julie, Amy and Anne Achenbaum, Benjamin and Jake Kounitz, Alex and Torie Bratt. Dear companion of Shirley Lindenbaum. Service Sunday, January 31, 9:45am at "The Riverside," 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Alvin A. Achenbaum Fellowship at the Hartman Center at Duke University. 1/3 

SLOAN--Howard, WWII bomber pilot, former Chairman of New York Blood Center, died at 91. From a base in East Anglia during World War II, 19 year old Howard Sloan flew 33 missions over Germany. His B-24 was named "The Stork Club." When praised for his bravery, he would invariably respond: "Was there a choice?" Cheers erupted from a crowd on the beach when, piloting his plane home to the states after the war, he dipped his wings over the Inwood Country Club. Mr. Sloan was born in New York City on March 20, 1924. He graduated from the Woodmere Academy and Pawling Preparatory School, and received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Yale University, Class of '45W. He and his late wife, Sonny, along with George and Barbara Bush, were the only two married couples on campus. Dreams of business school were dashed by financial necessity and he joined his father's insurance company, Harris, Sloan and Finn. Characteristically, he turned the experience into a colorful one, representing clients such as Restaurant Associates; Richard Burton, who dispatched him to Rome to deliver a diamond he'd bought at auction for Elizabeth Taylor, or Cartier to present a love bracelet to Valentino, who insisted Howard personally fasten it on his wrist. He became an art insurer, developing great interest and knowledge of art in the process, befriending numerous artists and inspiring a lifetime of collecting: Mayan and PreColumbian sculpture, works by artists as diverse as Giacometti and Bill King, Henry Moore and Lindner. He acquired an art gallery, Multiples, for his wife, Sonny, and Marian Goodman to run. In 1990, he was invited by his friend and mentor, Charles Wohlstetter, to become a partner in the latter's acquisitions of hundreds of independent telephone companies from Alaska to California. They formed Continental Telephone, later known as Contel, in 1962. The company then agreed to be acquired by GTE, a combination that created the nation's largest local telephone company. Sloan remained on the Board of GTE until it was restructured as Verizon. In 1968, an American syndicate acquired an 18th century chateau in Bordeaux with Wohlstetter and Sloan installed as new owners. Chateau Bouscaut was the second most beautiful vineyard in Bordeaux, Sloan proclaimed, second, he said, because he didn't want to boast. Among the many American guests who flocked to visit, his favorite was Mary Lindsay, whom he overheard saying to her husband, then mayor of NYC, "John, if I have to see one more vineyard, I'll kill myself." To Sloan's eternal regret, Bouscat was sold in 1980. Mayor Lindsay brought Sloan onto the board of the Vivian Beaumont Theatre in 1984. At that time, according to Andre Bishop, current artistic director, "Nobody would give you a nickel for the Beaumont." It is now one of the leading theatrical companies in New York, if not the world. Mr. Sloan served on the Board until his death on Thursday. In 1977, Sloan joined the Board of Trustees of the New York Blood Center, of which he was Chairman from 1993 to 2000, nominating his successor, Howard Milstein. In January 2013, a congressional extension prepared by Representative Carolyn Maloney in recognition of Mr. Sloan's 15 years of distinguished service and dedication to NYBC's mission, was entered into the congressional record. She cited his humanitarian status and commended his leadership and tireless advocacy. For several years, he presided as Chairman of Northside Center for Child Development, founded by Kenneth and Mamie Clarke, earning a colleague's recent comment, "There was a time this place wouldn't have existed without Howard Sloan." He and his wife are to be honored for their dedication to Northside at a gala in May 2017. Howard Sloan died of kidney failure in Columbia-Presbyterian Hospital on January 21, 2016. Handsome as a film star, he will be remembered for his elegance and extraordinary wit. He is survived by his wife, Barbara; two daughters, Kathryn Roth of Weston, Massachusetts, Gillis Cone of Woodbury, Connecticut; a son, Douglas Sloan, of Palm Beach; a stepdaughter, Paulette Bartlett Robinson, of Los Angeles, and four grandchildren. Interment will be private and a memorial service will take place at Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home on Wednesday, February 10th. 1/3 SLOAN--Howard, WWII bomber pilot, former Chairman of New York Blood Center, died at 91. From a base in East Anglia during World War II, 19 year old Howard Sloan flew 33 missions over Germany. His B-24 was named "The Stork Club." When praised for his bravery, he would invariably respond: "Was there a choice?" Cheers erupted from a crowd on the beach when, piloting his plane home to the states after the war, he dipped his wings over the Inwood Country Club. Mr. Sloan was born in New York City on March 20, 1924. He graduated from the Woodmere Academy and Pawling Preparatory School, and received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Yale University, Class of '45W. He and his late wife, Sonny, along with George and Barbara Bush, were the only two married couples on campus. Dreams of business school were dashed by financial necessity and he joined his father's insurance company, Harris, Sloan and Finn. Characteristically, he turned the experience into a colorful one, representing clients such as Restaurant Associates; Richard Burton, who dispatched him to Rome to deliver a diamond he'd bought at auction for Elizabeth Taylor, or Cartier to present a love bracelet to Valentino, who insisted Howard personally fasten it on his wrist. He became an art insurer, developing great interest and knowledge of art in the process, befriending numerous artists and inspiring a lifetime of collecting: Mayan and PreColumbian sculpture, works by artists as diverse as Giacometti and Bill King, Henry Moore and Lindner. He acquired an art gallery, Multiples, for his wife, Sonny, and Marian Goodman to run. In 1990, he was invited by his friend and mentor, Charles Wohlstetter, to become a partner in the latter's acquisitions of hundreds of independent telephone companies from Alaska to California. They formed Continental Telephone, later known as Contel, in 1962. The company then agreed to be acquired by GTE, a combination that created the nation's largest local telephone company. Sloan remained on the Board of GTE until it was restructured as Verizon. In 1968, an American syndicate acquired an 18th century chateau in Bordeaux with Wohlstetter and Sloan installed as new owners. Chateau Bouscaut was the second most beautiful vineyard in Bordeaux, Sloan proclaimed, second, he said, because he didn't want to boast. Among the many American guests who flocked to visit, his favorite was Mary Lindsay, whom he overheard saying to her husband, then mayor of NYC, "John, if I have to see one more vineyard, I'll kill myself." To Sloan's eternal regret, Bouscat was sold in 1980. Mayor Lindsay brought Sloan onto the board of the Vivian Beaumont Theatre in 1984. At that time, according to Andre Bishop, current artistic director, "Nobody would give you a nickel for the Beaumont." It is now one of the leading theatrical companies in New York, if not the world. Mr. Sloan served on the Board until his death on Thursday. In 1977, Sloan joined the Board of Trustees of the New York Blood Center, of which he was Chairman from 1993 to 2000, nominating his successor, Howard Milstein. In January 2013, a congressional extension prepared by Representative Carolyn Maloney in recognition of Mr. Sloan's 15 years of distinguished service and dedication to NYBC's mission, was entered into the congressional record. She cited his humanitarian status and commended his leadership and tireless advocacy. For several years, he presided as Chairman of Northside Center for Child Development, founded by Kenneth and Mamie Clarke, earning a colleague's recent comment, "There was a time this place wouldn't have existed without Howard Sloan." He and his wife are to be honored for their dedication to Northside at a gala in May 2017. Howard Sloan died of kidney failure in Columbia-Presbyterian Hospital on January 21, 2016. Handsome as a film star, he will be remembered for his elegance and extraordinary wit. He is survived by his wife, Barbara; two daughters, Kathryn Roth of Weston, Massachusetts, Gillis Cone of Woodbury, Connecticut; a son, Douglas Sloan, of Palm Beach; a stepdaughter, Paulette Bartlett Robinson, of Los Angeles, and four grandchildren. Interment will be private and a memorial service will take place at Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home on Wednesday, February 10th. 1/3 

GILBERT--Elaine. Elaine Caplan Gilbert, on January 27, 2016. Beloved of the late Marvin (Bud) Gilbert; cherished mother of Scott (Anne) and Glen (Beth); adored grandmother of Daniel (Leah), Sarah (Zach), David, Rebecca (Scott) and Samantha; loving great-grandmother of Natalia; dear sister of Joan Cohen. A vivacious woman of great beauty and charm, she will forever be in our hearts. Graveside services to be held at Mt. Hebron Cemetery, Flushing, NY on January 31 at 11am. Contributions in Elaine's memory may be made to the Alzheimer's Association, 2900 Westchester Ave., Purchase, NY 10577. 1/3 GILBERT--Elaine. Elaine Caplan Gilbert, on January 27, 2016. Beloved of the late Marvin (Bud) Gilbert; cherished mother of Scott (Anne) and Glen (Beth); adored grandmother of Daniel (Leah), Sarah (Zach), David, Rebecca (Scott) and Samantha; loving great-grandmother of Natalia; dear sister of Joan Cohen. A vivacious woman of great beauty and charm, she will forever be in our hearts. Graveside services to be held at Mt. Hebron Cemetery, Flushing, NY on January 31 at 11am. Contributions in Elaine's memory may be made to the Alzheimer's Association, 2900 Westchester Ave., Purchase, NY 10577. 1/3 

MANBER--Malcolm Manuel, 89, passed away on January 23, 2016 in New York City. He was born on September 10, 1926 in Chelsea, MA to Gustave and Ida Manber and grew up in New York City. Beloved father of Susan and David Manber, grandfather of Max and Sarina Abraham and brother of Edna Dressner, Malcolm was married for 49 years to Vivienne Marianne Schulman and was a resident of New York City and Rhinebeck, NY. He served as an Army radio operator during World War II and later attended the Columbia Missouri School of Journalism. He enjoyed a renowned career as a science writer at the Bayonne Times, The Newark Evening News, Medical World News and Physicians Weekly. Among many notable articles, Mr. Manber published one of the earliest accounts of the world's first artificial heart transplant performed by Dr. Robert Jarvik. Mr. Manber and his wife took great pleasure in being founding members of the Beekman Arms Antique Market in Rhinebeck where their business, Victorian Cupboard, specialized in English pottery for more than 35 years. Special thanks to the hospice team at NYU Langone for making his last days with family and friends peaceful and serene. Donations in Mr. Manber's name may be made to the American Cancer Society. May his memory be a blessing. 1/3 MANBER--Malcolm Manuel, 89, passed away on January 23, 2016 in New York City. He was born on September 10, 1926 in Chelsea, MA to Gustave and Ida Manber and grew up in New York City. Beloved father of Susan and David Manber, grandfather of Max and Sarina Abraham and brother of Edna Dressner, Malcolm was married for 49 years to Vivienne Marianne Schulman and was a resident of New York City and Rhinebeck, NY. He served as an Army radio operator during World War II and later attended the Columbia Missouri School of Journalism. He enjoyed a renowned career as a science writer at the Bayonne Times, The Newark Evening News, Medical World News and Physicians Weekly. Among many notable articles, Mr. Manber published one of the earliest accounts of the world's first artificial heart transplant performed by Dr. Robert Jarvik. Mr. Manber and his wife took great pleasure in being founding members of the Beekman Arms Antique Market in Rhinebeck where their business, Victorian Cupboard, specialized in English pottery for more than 35 years. Special thanks to the hospice team at NYU Langone for making his last days with family and friends peaceful and serene. Donations in Mr. Manber's name may be made to the American Cancer Society. May his memory be a blessing. 1/3 

BARSOUM LOSADA--Elisa. Beloved wife, mother, daughter and friend passed on January 25. Wake at Fox Funeral Home, 9807 Ascan Ave., Forest Hills, NY 11375, on January 28 and 29 from 2pm to 9pm. In lieu of flowers, please donate to American Red Cross in Elisa's honor. 1/3 BARSOUM LOSADA--Elisa. Beloved wife, mother, daughter and friend passed on January 25. Wake at Fox Funeral Home, 9807 Ascan Ave., Forest Hills, NY 11375, on January 28 and 29 from 2pm to 9pm. In lieu of flowers, please donate to American Red Cross in Elisa's honor. 1/3 

BEREN--Joan Schiff. The Yeshiva University family is saddened by the passing of Joan Schiff Beren, Z"l, a longtime friend of our institution. Sincere condolences are expressed to her loving children: Amy (and Bob) Bressman, Adam (and Ellen) Beren, Nancy Beren (and Dr. Larry) Jefferson and Julie (and Marc) Platt, her adoring 14 grandchildren and five great-grandchildren. May the entire family find comfort among all who mourn for Zion and Jerusalem. Richard M. Joel, President, Yeshiva University Norman Lamm, President Emeritus 1/3 BEREN--Joan Schiff. The Yeshiva University family is saddened by the passing of Joan Schiff Beren, Z"l, a longtime friend of our institution. Sincere condolences are expressed to her loving children: Amy (and Bob) Bressman, Adam (and Ellen) Beren, Nancy Beren (and Dr. Larry) Jefferson and Julie (and Marc) Platt, her adoring 14 grandchildren and five great-grandchildren. May the entire family find comfort among all who mourn for Zion and Jerusalem. Richard M. Joel, President, Yeshiva University Norman Lamm, President Emeritus 1/3 

FELDMAN--Marlene Jean. You are always in our hearts. From your beloved family, husband, sons and daughters, and grandchildren. Happy birthday! Love always. 1/3 FELDMAN--Marlene Jean. You are always in our hearts. From your beloved family, husband, sons and daughters, and grandchildren. Happy birthday! Love always. 1/3 

KRANTZ--Bertram. Devoted husband of Eda. Loving father of Andrea Krantz and Harvey Sawikin; Melissa Krantz and Greg Katz; and Jay Krantz and Yuka Katsuki Krantz. Proud grandfather of Leo and William; Sadie and Sara. Funeral at Plaza Jewish Community Chapel, 630 Amsterdam Avenue, on Sunday, January 31 at 3pm. 1/3 KRANTZ--Bertram. Devoted husband of Eda. Loving father of Andrea Krantz and Harvey Sawikin; Melissa Krantz and Greg Katz; and Jay Krantz and Yuka Katsuki Krantz. Proud grandfather of Leo and William; Sadie and Sara. Funeral at Plaza Jewish Community Chapel, 630 Amsterdam Avenue, on Sunday, January 31 at 3pm. 1/3 

VIGODA--Abe, 94, passed away peacefully in his sleep at the home of his loving daughter, Carol Vigoda Fuchs. Abe began an iconic and successful career as a talented actor in childhood. Proudly served in the United States Army. Adoring grandfather to Paul, Steven and Kellie (Bergen), and Jamie Fuchs. Delighted great-grandfather to Johnathan. Respected uncle to five nieces and nephews and two great-nieces. Funeral Services to be held on Sunday, January 31, 2016, 12pm, at "The Riverside" on Amsterdam and 76th St., New York. 1/3 VIGODA--Abe, 94, passed away peacefully in his sleep at the home of his loving daughter, Carol Vigoda Fuchs. Abe began an iconic and successful career as a talented actor in childhood. Proudly served in the United States Army. Adoring grandfather to Paul, Steven and Kellie (Bergen), and Jamie Fuchs. Delighted great-grandfather to Johnathan. Respected uncle to five nieces and nephews and two great-nieces. Funeral Services to be held on Sunday, January 31, 2016, 12pm, at "The Riverside" on Amsterdam and 76th St., New York. 1/3 

ALDERMAN--Nancy. Nancy Alderman, 65, died January 25, 2016. For 17 years she lived in New York as corporate executive in the retail fashion industry, becoming Senior Vice President for Belk Stores Services. She is survived by two sisters. Memorial service, at a future date, will be held in Greensboro, NC. www.haneslineberryfune ralhomes.com. 1/3 ALDERMAN--Nancy. Nancy Alderman, 65, died January 25, 2016. For 17 years she lived in New York as corporate executive in the retail fashion industry, becoming Senior Vice President for Belk Stores Services. She is survived by two sisters. Memorial service, at a future date, will be held in Greensboro, NC. www.haneslineberryfune ralhomes.com. 1/3 

MIHLRAD--Jack, 5/17/1914- 1/29/95. Mae 4/8/1920-2/17/11. Loving memories never fade. They grow stronger each day, you will never be forgotten. Love Always, Diane 1/3 MIHLRAD--Jack, 5/17/1914- 1/29/95. Mae 4/8/1920-2/17/11. Loving memories never fade. They grow stronger each day, you will never be forgotten. Love Always, Diane 1/3 

FEINMAN--Sheldon, 89, on January 27, devoted husband of the late Beverly and Liz, beloved father of Andrew (Aviva) and Joshua (Debra); adoring grandfather of Amanda and Melissa. A special man who exemplified perseverance and positive attitude, he will be missed by all. 1/3 FEINMAN--Sheldon, 89, on January 27, devoted husband of the late Beverly and Liz, beloved father of Andrew (Aviva) and Joshua (Debra); adoring grandfather of Amanda and Melissa. A special man who exemplified perseverance and positive attitude, he will be missed by all. 1/3 

WAGMAN--Fredrica Barris, on January 27, 2016. Beloved mother of Joel, James, Nela, Mary, and the late Nancy, and beloved wife of the late Howard Wagman. Mother- in-law to Mina, Anne Landsman, and Steven Wein, sister of Chuck and sister-in-law Mary Barris. Author of five published novels, numerous stories-unique, creative, talented and loving, she will be greatly missed by family and cherished friends. With her husband Howard, in Philadelphia, she was a founding member of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, and an active supporter of Project HOME. Graveside services will be held at Roosevelt Memorial Park, Friday at 2:15pm, after which family and friends will be welcome at the home of Joel Wagman. www.levinefuneral.com 1/3 WAGMAN--Fredrica Barris, on January 27, 2016. Beloved mother of Joel, James, Nela, Mary, and the late Nancy, and beloved wife of the late Howard Wagman. Mother- in-law to Mina, Anne Landsman, and Steven Wein, sister of Chuck and sister-in-law Mary Barris. Author of five published novels, numerous stories-unique, creative, talented and loving, she will be greatly missed by family and cherished friends. With her husband Howard, in Philadelphia, she was a founding member of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, and an active supporter of Project HOME. Graveside services will be held at Roosevelt Memorial Park, Friday at 2:15pm, after which family and friends will be welcome at the home of Joel Wagman. www.levinefuneral.com 1/3 

BERNSTEIN--Jeffrey M.,55, passed away at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital on Wednesday, January 27, after a battle with lymphoma. Jeff was born in Englewood, New Jersey to Cynthia and the late Leopold Bernstein. He graduated from the Center for Open Education in 1978 and from American University in 1982. Jeff had a long career in the music industry as a producer, composer and writer, known for composing the theme song for the PBS show, "Postcards from Buster." Jeff also played the upright bass, the guitar and African drums. Jeff will be remembered for his humor, wit, passion, intellect, kindness and generosity. He made friends wherever he went. Jeff is survived by his loving wife, Shonda, his son, Noble Archer, three, residing together in New York City, his mother Cynthia, residing in Haworth, NJ, and his sister Debbie, residing with her husband, Paul, in Doylestown, PA. He will be missed by his nieces, Jennifer and Stephanie. A memorial service will be held at the Plaza Jewish Community Chapel, 630 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY at 2:00pm on Sunday, January 31. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made in Jeffrey's memory to the Center for Advancement in Cancer Education, 130 Almshouse Road, Suite 107A, Richboro, PA 18954, www.beatcancer.org. 1/3 BERNSTEIN--Jeffrey M.,55, passed away at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital on Wednesday, January 27, after a battle with lymphoma. Jeff was born in Englewood, New Jersey to Cynthia and the late Leopold Bernstein. He graduated from the Center for Open Education in 1978 and from American University in 1982. Jeff had a long career in the music industry as a producer, composer and writer, known for composing the theme song for the PBS show, "Postcards from Buster." Jeff also played the upright bass, the guitar and African drums. Jeff will be remembered for his humor, wit, passion, intellect, kindness and generosity. He made friends wherever he went. Jeff is survived by his loving wife, Shonda, his son, Noble Archer, three, residing together in New York City, his mother Cynthia, residing in Haworth, NJ, and his sister Debbie, residing with her husband, Paul, in Doylestown, PA. He will be missed by his nieces, Jennifer and Stephanie. A memorial service will be held at the Plaza Jewish Community Chapel, 630 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY at 2:00pm on Sunday, January 31. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made in Jeffrey's memory to the Center for Advancement in Cancer Education, 130 Almshouse Road, Suite 107A, Richboro, PA 18954, www.beatcancer.org. 1/3 

GINSBERG--Robert K.,died peacefully on January 26, 2016 at age 91. He was a devoted and beloved husband, father and grandfather and an accomplished professional engineer. Born May 23, 1924 in New York City to Bill and Tania Ginsberg, he was educated at Lincoln School and Yale University and served as a Lieutenant (jg) in the United States Navy during World War II, seeing extensive combat in the Pacific. He was a lifelong New Yorker who practiced engineering as principal in the firm William Ginsberg Associates, and he was for more than five decades a national leader in the design and construction of newspaper production facilities. He is survived by his beloved wife of 37 years, Nellie Wilson. He was predeceased by his first wife, Helen (1926-71) and is survived by their three children, Nina (Charles Smith) of Richmond, CA, William (Ellen Kelly) of New Haven, CT and John (Kathleen) of New York City. He is also survived by his grandchildren (Alex Smith, Susan Smith Emberley, Emily Ginsberg Dellisant, Julian Ginsberg, Connor Ginsberg, and Nina Ginsberg) and many other dear family members. A superb whistler, he lived with song in his heart and on his lips throughout his nine decades of loves and laughs and friends and joys. Gentle, kind and loving, he will be forever missed. A memorial service will be announced. 1/3 GINSBERG--Robert K.,died peacefully on January 26, 2016 at age 91. He was a devoted and beloved husband, father and grandfather and an accomplished professional engineer. Born May 23, 1924 in New York City to Bill and Tania Ginsberg, he was educated at Lincoln School and Yale University and served as a Lieutenant (jg) in the United States Navy during World War II, seeing extensive combat in the Pacific. He was a lifelong New Yorker who practiced engineering as principal in the firm William Ginsberg Associates, and he was for more than five decades a national leader in the design and construction of newspaper production facilities. He is survived by his beloved wife of 37 years, Nellie Wilson. He was predeceased by his first wife, Helen (1926-71) and is survived by their three children, Nina (Charles Smith) of Richmond, CA, William (Ellen Kelly) of New Haven, CT and John (Kathleen) of New York City. He is also survived by his grandchildren (Alex Smith, Susan Smith Emberley, Emily Ginsberg Dellisant, Julian Ginsberg, Connor Ginsberg, and Nina Ginsberg) and many other dear family members. A superb whistler, he lived with song in his heart and on his lips throughout his nine decades of loves and laughs and friends and joys. Gentle, kind and loving, he will be forever missed. A memorial service will be announced. 1/3 

RABINOVITCH--Ralph D. MD. January 17, 1917, died December 23, 2015. Trained at Bellevue in Child Psychiatry under pioneer Lauretta Bender along with late wife Dr Sara Dubo. They co-founded Children's Psychiatric Hospital University of Michigan and Hawthorn Center for State of Michigan, an innovative and nationally renowned institution. Wrote influential papers on autism, dyslexia, graphic art in Psychiatry. His film "Stevie's Light Bulb" won Blue Ribbon at American Film Festival. Memorial Service January 31, 12:00. irakaufman.com 1/3 RABINOVITCH--Ralph D. MD. January 17, 1917, died December 23, 2015. Trained at Bellevue in Child Psychiatry under pioneer Lauretta Bender along with late wife Dr Sara Dubo. They co-founded Children's Psychiatric Hospital University of Michigan and Hawthorn Center for State of Michigan, an innovative and nationally renowned institution. Wrote influential papers on autism, dyslexia, graphic art in Psychiatry. His film "Stevie's Light Bulb" won Blue Ribbon at American Film Festival. Memorial Service January 31, 12:00. irakaufman.com 1/3 

KIBEL--Henry. After 96 years of laughing, loving, shouting, learning, teaching, and building, Henry, the beloved patriarch of the Kibel family, passed away peacefully Wednesday night surrounded by family and friends. Henry created a wonderful life for his family and for the many others who benefited from his generosity. He graduated from Stuyvesant High School, William & Mary College and Yale University School of Architecture. He was a naval officer in the South Pacific during World War II. Henry was an architect, a builder and an artist. He built thousands of apartments in New York City. Every part of the development process carried his imprint. Henry was a master of making things-creating gave him joy. Whether he was building an apartment tower or creating illustrations that accompany the recipes of the renowned chef Andre Soltner's cookbook, Henry's passion never stopped. In addition to the building legacy he created, Henry was, in his own words, the inventor of important things: the 12" kitchen cabinet and innovative real estate advertising- including the successful campaign for 85 John Street, 'featuring lousy views and flushing toilets.' The fancy suspender companies will sorely miss Henry, who supported their industry and whose industry supported his pants. Although he oversalted everything, he managed to live to 96. On second thought, his memory was not so great for the last 10 years, so maybe the salt was not so good. Henry is survived by his sister, three children, eight grandchildren, and many nephews and nieces. The funeral will be held on Friday, January 29 at 11:30am at Frank Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue. We will sorely miss him. The Kibel and Levenson Families 1/3 KIBEL--Henry. After 96 years of laughing, loving, shouting, learning, teaching, and building, Henry, the beloved patriarch of the Kibel family, passed away peacefully Wednesday night surrounded by family and friends. Henry created a wonderful life for his family and for the many others who benefited from his generosity. He graduated from Stuyvesant High School, William & Mary College and Yale University School of Architecture. He was a naval officer in the South Pacific during World War II. Henry was an architect, a builder and an artist. He built thousands of apartments in New York City. Every part of the development process carried his imprint. Henry was a master of making things-creating gave him joy. Whether he was building an apartment tower or creating illustrations that accompany the recipes of the renowned chef Andre Soltner's cookbook, Henry's passion never stopped. In addition to the building legacy he created, Henry was, in his own words, the inventor of important things: the 12" kitchen cabinet and innovative real estate advertising- including the successful campaign for 85 John Street, 'featuring lousy views and flushing toilets.' The fancy suspender companies will sorely miss Henry, who supported their industry and whose industry supported his pants. Although he oversalted everything, he managed to live to 96. On second thought, his memory was not so great for the last 10 years, so maybe the salt was not so good. Henry is survived by his sister, three children, eight grandchildren, and many nephews and nieces. The funeral will be held on Friday, January 29 at 11:30am at Frank Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue. We will sorely miss him. The Kibel and Levenson Families 1/3 

MAGER--Arthur D.,beloved husband of Sandra and son of Morris and Ethel of Cedarhurst, NY, expired on January 24. Born July 27, 1927, he was a dedicated husband, father (Dan, Andy, Amy, Ellen) and grandfather who made a positive difference in the lives of his family and community. 1/3 MAGER--Arthur D.,beloved husband of Sandra and son of Morris and Ethel of Cedarhurst, NY, expired on January 24. Born July 27, 1927, he was a dedicated husband, father (Dan, Andy, Amy, Ellen) and grandfather who made a positive difference in the lives of his family and community. 1/3 

PARDEE--Margaret. The Juilliard School is deeply saddened by the passing of violinist and pedagogue Margaret Pardee. A longtime Juilliard faculty member from 1942 until 2008, she also was an alumnus of the school. She was passionate about her art and teaching, and she nurtured her students. Many of her former students have gone on to successful careers as soloists and members of leading orchestras all over the world. Her generous gift of numerous, extraordinary violins and violas to the Juilliard instrument collection will also contribute to the next generation of players. We extend our condolences to her family, friends, colleagues, and students. Joseph W. Polisi, President Ara Guzelimian, Provost and Dean Yoheved Kaplinsky, Artistic Director, Juilliard Pre-College Division 1/3 PARDEE--Margaret. The Juilliard School is deeply saddened by the passing of violinist and pedagogue Margaret Pardee. A longtime Juilliard faculty member from 1942 until 2008, she also was an alumnus of the school. She was passionate about her art and teaching, and she nurtured her students. Many of her former students have gone on to successful careers as soloists and members of leading orchestras all over the world. Her generous gift of numerous, extraordinary violins and violas to the Juilliard instrument collection will also contribute to the next generation of players. We extend our condolences to her family, friends, colleagues, and students. Joseph W. Polisi, President Ara Guzelimian, Provost and Dean Yoheved Kaplinsky, Artistic Director, Juilliard Pre-College Division 1/3 

MANHEIMER--Ellen (Buckner), 70, originally from Great Neck, NY and then Port Washington, NY, passed away suddenly on January 26, 2016 in Oceanside, California. She leaves behind her son Bradford Buckner Fields and daughter-in-law Kimberly; two grandsons, Jackson and Beau; her mother, Claudia Buckner; her two sisters Karen Etra and Robin Buckner; and her longtime devoted companion and partner Sheldon (Shelly) Marks. Services will be on Sunday, January 31 at 10am at Gutterman's Woodbury on Jericho Turnpike. 1/3 MANHEIMER--Ellen (Buckner), 70, originally from Great Neck, NY and then Port Washington, NY, passed away suddenly on January 26, 2016 in Oceanside, California. She leaves behind her son Bradford Buckner Fields and daughter-in-law Kimberly; two grandsons, Jackson and Beau; her mother, Claudia Buckner; her two sisters Karen Etra and Robin Buckner; and her longtime devoted companion and partner Sheldon (Shelly) Marks. Services will be on Sunday, January 31 at 10am at Gutterman's Woodbury on Jericho Turnpike. 1/3 

COPELAND--June, on January 26, 2016. Beloved wife of the late Robert, devoted mother of Marilyn Copeland, Faye Rohksar, Dr. Michelle Copeland and John David Copeland. Dear mother-in-law of Dr. Jonathan Halperin and Dr. Joseph Rokhsar. Adored grandmother of Dr. Jillian Copeland, Dr. Michael Rokhsar, Sara Rokhsar Siskind, Robert Rokhsar, Dr. Robert Copeland-Halperin and Dr. Libby Copeland-Halperin. Cherished great- grandmother of eight. Service Sunday, January 31, 11:30am at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. Donations in her memory may be made to Jewish Guild for the Blind. 1/3 COPELAND--June, on January 26, 2016. Beloved wife of the late Robert, devoted mother of Marilyn Copeland, Faye Rohksar, Dr. Michelle Copeland and John David Copeland. Dear mother-in-law of Dr. Jonathan Halperin and Dr. Joseph Rokhsar. Adored grandmother of Dr. Jillian Copeland, Dr. Michael Rokhsar, Sara Rokhsar Siskind, Robert Rokhsar, Dr. Robert Copeland-Halperin and Dr. Libby Copeland-Halperin. Cherished great- grandmother of eight. Service Sunday, January 31, 11:30am at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. Donations in her memory may be made to Jewish Guild for the Blind. 1/3 

TYLER--John C.,died on December 23, 2015, six days before his 84th birthday. A gentle, loving man, and lifelong resident of New York City, John touched the lives of all who met him. He was the beloved husband of the late Emma Tyler, brother of Sandra Tyler and the late Susan Tyler Faison, uncle of Kate Spencer, Shep Faison, Sally Faison, Ann Faison, Ryan Grigoletto and Kenneth Grigoletto. A memorial service will be held on the ground floor of his residence, at 339 West 24th St., New York, NY, on January 31 at 3:30pm. 1/3 TYLER--John C.,died on December 23, 2015, six days before his 84th birthday. A gentle, loving man, and lifelong resident of New York City, John touched the lives of all who met him. He was the beloved husband of the late Emma Tyler, brother of Sandra Tyler and the late Susan Tyler Faison, uncle of Kate Spencer, Shep Faison, Sally Faison, Ann Faison, Ryan Grigoletto and Kenneth Grigoletto. A memorial service will be held on the ground floor of his residence, at 339 West 24th St., New York, NY, on January 31 at 3:30pm. 1/3 

KNAPP--Rachelle (nee Kolton). Died at 93 after a life filled with learning, love, and family. Holocaust refugee, married Sidney Knapp and earned a Ph.D. from Columbia University. "Madame Knapp" to hundreds of students at The Juilliard School, The Beekman School, and The Aspen Music Festival. Beloved teacher, mother, and grandmother. 1/3 KNAPP--Rachelle (nee Kolton). Died at 93 after a life filled with learning, love, and family. Holocaust refugee, married Sidney Knapp and earned a Ph.D. from Columbia University. "Madame Knapp" to hundreds of students at The Juilliard School, The Beekman School, and The Aspen Music Festival. Beloved teacher, mother, and grandmother. 1/3 

BARRI--Marlene, died January 27th. Radio Advertising Executive. Survived and loved by her sister and brother-in-law Susan and Harry Wagner, her niece Nicole and nephew Brett. Memorial at Riverside Chapel, 180 West 76th St., New York, January 29th, 11:30am. 1/3 BARRI--Marlene, died January 27th. Radio Advertising Executive. Survived and loved by her sister and brother-in-law Susan and Harry Wagner, her niece Nicole and nephew Brett. Memorial at Riverside Chapel, 180 West 76th St., New York, January 29th, 11:30am. 1/3 

HAUSSERMANN--Joanne McCoy, has died at age 85 on January 25, 2016, in East Providence, RI. A resident of Wellesley, MA, she was the daughter of the late William D. and Ruby Jordan McCoy, ever dear to them and her survivors, which are her two sisters, niece, nephews, brother-in-law, sister-in-law and extended family, and three stepdaughters. They have known a beautiful woman of loving warmth with an utter devotion to family, and a soaring intelligence. Known to many as Jo, she was an avid reader and much enjoyed music, particularly classical, and political discussions. After graduating from Dana Hall School, her work career began at the switchboard of a Boston financial company, followed by many years at Vance Sanders, and in time, for its general counsel, Arthur Hausserman. Later, a marriage brought great happiness to them both. She was predeceased by her husband and her brother. A service will be held Thursday, February 4, at 11am, Newton Cemetery Chapel, 791 Walnut Street, Newton Center, MA. Her family suggests contributions in Joanne's name to the charity of your choice, but requests no flowers. 1/3 HAUSSERMANN--Joanne McCoy, has died at age 85 on January 25, 2016, in East Providence, RI. A resident of Wellesley, MA, she was the daughter of the late William D. and Ruby Jordan McCoy, ever dear to them and her survivors, which are her two sisters, niece, nephews, brother-in-law, sister-in-law and extended family, and three stepdaughters. They have known a beautiful woman of loving warmth with an utter devotion to family, and a soaring intelligence. Known to many as Jo, she was an avid reader and much enjoyed music, particularly classical, and political discussions. After graduating from Dana Hall School, her work career began at the switchboard of a Boston financial company, followed by many years at Vance Sanders, and in time, for its general counsel, Arthur Hausserman. Later, a marriage brought great happiness to them both. She was predeceased by her husband and her brother. A service will be held Thursday, February 4, at 11am, Newton Cemetery Chapel, 791 Walnut Street, Newton Center, MA. Her family suggests contributions in Joanne's name to the charity of your choice, but requests no flowers. 1/3 

Following is a transcript of the main Republican debate, as transcribed by the Federal News Service. Following is a transcript of the main Republican debate, as transcribed by the Federal News Service. 

During a night of spirited exchanges, there was no getting away from the spirit of the missing Republican front-runner. During a night of spirited exchanges, there was no getting away from the spirit of the missing Republican front-runner. 

Javier Fernández of Spain won his fourth straight European title with the best free program at the European championships in Bratislava, Slovakia. Javier Fernández of Spain won his fourth straight European title with the best free program at the European championships in Bratislava, Slovakia. Javier Fernandez wins his fourth straight European figure skating title with best free program at European championships in Slovakia. 

Four of the candidates for president of FIFA are heading to Qatar for meetings on Saturday, with one of them, the South African Tokyo Sexwale, saying, “The time for alliances is coming.” Four of the candidates for president of FIFA are heading to Qatar for meetings on Saturday, with one of them, the South African Tokyo Sexwale, saying, “The time for alliances is coming.” Four candidates for FIFA presidency are traveling to Qatar to meet with Asian member assocations of FIFA; other soccer news noted.

The advocates were sentenced to terms ranging from two and a half to five years after they were convicted of inciting subversion in the southern city of Guangzhou. The advocates were sentenced to terms ranging from two and a half to five years after they were convicted of inciting subversion in the southern city of Guangzhou. Chinese court sentences three civil rights activists to prison for inciting subversion; trial of Tang Jingling, Yuan Chaoyang and Wang Qingying, advocates of peaceful civil disobedience influenced by Mahatma Gandhi and American academic Gene Sharp, is part of Chinese Communist Party's recent crackdown on rights advocates.

북한 정권을 만화책에 나오는 괴짜 악당 취급하는 태도는 이제 버려야 한다. 북한 정권을 만화책에 나오는 괴짜 악당 취급하는 태도는 이제 버려야 한다. 

Nova and the Yankees agreed to a $4.1 million, one-year contract and avoided salary arbitration. Nova and the Yankees agreed to a $4.1 million, one-year contract and avoided salary arbitration. New York Yankees and pitcher Ivan Nova agree to one-year contract extension, avoiding salary arbitration; other baseball news noted.

The members of Hamas’s military wing were repairing a tunnel into Israel that was used for several attacks against Israeli forces during the 2014 war. The members of Hamas’s military wing were repairing a tunnel into Israel that was used for several attacks against Israeli forces during the 2014 war. 

Danilo Gallinari led the Nuggets with 26 points as Washington continues to reel. Danilo Gallinari led the Nuggets with 26 points as Washington continues to reel. NBA Roundup; Denver Nuggets defeat Washington Wizards, 117-113; other basketball news noted.

The final Republican debate before the Iowa caucuses took a surreal turn as seven candidates found their messages overshadowed by Donald J. Trump’s boycott of the event. The final Republican debate before the Iowa caucuses took a surreal turn as seven candidates found their messages overshadowed by Donald J. Trump’s boycott of the event. Republican presidential candidates strive to fill void created by Donald J Trump's boycott of latest debate; Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio attack each other on immigration as other rivals jockey for position ahead of Iowa caucuses.

The Department of Health and Human Services put more than a dozen minors in the care of human traffickers after inadequate background checks, a Senate inquiry found. The Department of Health and Human Services put more than a dozen minors in the care of human traffickers after inadequate background checks, a Senate inquiry found. 

Carmelo Anthony (knee), Kristaps Porzingis (upper respiratory illness) and Jose Calderon (groin) did not play as the Knicks absorbed their fourth straight loss. Carmelo Anthony (knee), Kristaps Porzingis (upper respiratory illness) and Jose Calderon (groin) did not play as the Knicks absorbed their fourth straight loss. NBA Roundup; New York Knicks defeat Toronto Raptors, 103-93.

The Terrapins got 17 points each from two players in a victory over the visiting Hawkeyes, who lost in their first game since climbing to No. 3, their highest ranking since 1987. The Terrapins got 17 points each from two players in a victory over the visiting Hawkeyes, who lost in their first game since climbing to No. 3, their highest ranking since 1987. College Basketball Roundup; Maryland men's basketball team defeats Iowa, 74-68; other men's and women's scores noted.

As the Council completed a package of bills on lawmakers’ raises, questions surfaced about possible links to a bill shrinking the horse-cab industry. As the Council completed a package of bills on lawmakers’ raises, questions surfaced about possible links to a bill shrinking the horse-cab industry. New York City Council reveals details of package of bills that will increase pay of council members to $148,500 per year, increase of over 30 percent from current base salaries; bills will also implement provisions regulating outside income and financial disclosures, changes that have been called for by good-government advocacy groups; critics wonder whether large increase in salary is tied to support for Mayor Bill de Blasio's plan for horse-carriage industry.

A Navy commander accused of diverting ships to Asian ports for a Malaysian contractor in exchange for prostitution services and other gifts pleaded guilty to bribery charges on Thursday. A Navy commander accused of diverting ships to Asian ports for a Malaysian contractor in exchange for prostitution services and other gifts pleaded guilty to bribery charges on Thursday. Michael Misiewicz, Navy officer accused of accepting bribes in exchange for favors to Malaysian contractor Glenn Defense Marine Asia Ltd, pleads guilty; Misieqicz is eighth person convicted in scandal, which centers on businessman Leonard Francis.

An employee at the Orange County Central Men’s Jail was taken into custody on Thursday for aiding the escape of three inmates from the maximum security facility last week. An employee at the Orange County Central Men’s Jail was taken into custody on Thursday for aiding the escape of three inmates from the maximum security facility last week. California authorities arrest Nooshafarin Ravaghi, employee at Orange County Central Men's Jail, for helping three inmates escape maximum security facility.

A Nigerian couple embrace and rebuff life in America in Mfoniso Udofia’s play, directed by Ed Sylvanus Iskandar. A Nigerian couple embrace and rebuff life in America in Mfoniso Udofia’s play, directed by Ed Sylvanus Iskandar. Alexis Soloski reviews Playwrights Realm production of Mfoniso Udofia play Sojourners, directed by Ed Sylvanus Iskandar and starring Hubert Point-Du Jour and Chinasa Ogbuaga, at the Peter Jay Sharp Theater.

The Laver Cup, named after the Australian champion, will match the best players from Europe against the best from the rest of the world over three days of competition in singles and doubles. The Laver Cup, named after the Australian champion, will match the best players from Europe against the best from the rest of the world over three days of competition in singles and doubles. Laver Cup, new tennis tournament conceived in style of Golf’s Ryder Cup, is planned for 2017; named after Australian champion Rod Laver, event will match team of top European players against best from rest of world in three-day competition.

Arthur Lomando, a former New York City police officer who threw himself in front of a train after the killing, insisted on his innocence in court. Arthur Lomando, a former New York City police officer who threw himself in front of a train after the killing, insisted on his innocence in court. Former New York City Police Officer Arthur Lomando pleads not guilty to murdering his former girlfriend Suzanne Bardzell in New Jersey; Lomando is accused of fatally stabbing Bardzell, and authorities say he threw himself in front of New York City subway train in failed suicide attempt after slaying.

The United States Anti-Doping Agency confirmed that it was helping the N.F.L. in its review of a report linking Manning to a clinic that deals in human growth hormone. The United States Anti-Doping Agency confirmed that it was helping the N.F.L. in its review of a report linking Manning to a clinic that deals in human growth hormone. NFL Roundup; United States Anti-Doping Agency confirms it is working with NFL on case involving Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning, who was implicated in Al Jazeera report on human growth hormone; other football news noted.

Nine sonic booms, thought by some residents to be the sounds of an earthquake, occurred during the testing of an F-35C fighter jet. Nine sonic booms, thought by some residents to be the sounds of an earthquake, occurred during the testing of an F-35C fighter jet. United States Navy says series of earthshaking noises heard by residents along Eastern Seaboard, including in Long Island and southern New Jersey, were result of test of supersonic aircraft.

Rugby’s return to the Summer Games this year means the focus in the sport will be on the game’s shorter, more dynamic and less complicated version. Rugby’s return to the Summer Games this year means the focus in the sport will be on the game’s shorter, more dynamic and less complicated version. Olympic Games will feature rugby for first time in over 90 years; shorter, simpler version known as sevens will be played at 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro.

The president of the union representing the city’s correction officers says hearings about guards’ disciplinary cases should be closed to the public. The president of the union representing the city’s correction officers says hearings about guards’ disciplinary cases should be closed to the public. Jim Dwyer About New York column calls attention to legal effort mounted by New York City Correction Officers’ Benevolent Assn to make proceedings at Office of Administrative Trials and Hearings involving corrections officers confidential; holds that public access to information reviewed in administrative hearings about officer misconduct, from merely embarrassing to criminal  behavior, is only way public can know what goes on behind prison doors.

Following is a transcript of the Republican “undercard” debate held Thursday in Des Moines, as recorded by the Federal News Service. Following is a transcript of the Republican “undercard” debate held Thursday in Des Moines, as recorded by the Federal News Service. 

The Republican candidates met in Des Moines in the last debate before the Iowa caucuses on Monday. The Republican candidates met in Des Moines in the last debate before the Iowa caucuses on Monday. 

Jose Calderon, the eldest member of the Knicks, has been a soft target this season for critics of his defense. But he still manages to influence the game. Jose Calderon, the eldest member of the Knicks, has been a soft target this season for critics of his defense. But he still manages to influence the game. New York Knicks point guard Jose Calderon has remained stabilizing presence during team's dramatic rebuilding; is not high-scorer, but distributes ball effectively, giving his teammates opportunity to score.

Prosecutors said that Officer Peter Liang failed in his duties after he shot Akai Gurley in a Brooklyn housing project, while defense lawyers said he was overcome by shock. Prosecutors said that Officer Peter Liang failed in his duties after he shot Akai Gurley in a Brooklyn housing project, while defense lawyers said he was overcome by shock. New York City Police Lieutenant Vitaliy Zelikov testifies in trail of Officer Peter Liang, who has been charged with manslaughter in shooting death of Akai Gurley in Brooklyn housing project; testimony offers clearest picture to date of scene just after shooting occurred.

A candid meeting helped Tampa Bay break out of a slump and regain the form that vaulted the team to last season’s Stanley Cup finals. A candid meeting helped Tampa Bay break out of a slump and regain the form that vaulted the team to last season’s Stanley Cup finals. Tampa Bay Lightning break out of slump, winning eight of last nine games after holding candid team meeting; team is tied for second place in Atlantic Division with Detroit Red Wings, whom they will face in first game after All-Star break.

To deal a lasting blow to the extremist Sunni militancy, officials believe that additional forces will be needed to work with Iraqi, Kurdish and Syrian opposition fighters. To deal a lasting blow to the extremist Sunni militancy, officials believe that additional forces will be needed to work with Iraqi, Kurdish and Syrian opposition fighters. Pentagon believes hundreds of additional trainers, commandos and advisers from United States and its allies will have to be sent to Iraq and Syria over coming months to battle and beat Islamic State; military officials tell Pres Obama's national security team that significant progress has been achieved against ISIS, but more is needed to defeat group.

A teenager, who pleaded not guilty to terrorism charges on Thursday, is accused of planning a holiday attack on the police in a Melbourne suburb. A teenager, who pleaded not guilty to terrorism charges on Thursday, is accused of planning a holiday attack on the police in a Melbourne suburb. Australian teen Sevdet Ramadan Besim, who discussed beheading police officer and using kangaroo painted with Islamic State symbol to deliver bombs, pleads not guilty to terrorism charges; plans were proposed in online conversation with British teen who pleaded guilty and was sentenced by British court in October 2015.

The candidates are engaged in the final G.O.P. debate before the Iowa caucuses — without Donald Trump. Here were the highlights. The candidates are engaged in the final G.O.P. debate before the Iowa caucuses — without Donald Trump. Here were the highlights. 

The police were searching for Anthony White, 21, after his 62-year-old roommate was found stabbed in the neck. The police were searching for Anthony White, 21, after his 62-year-old roommate was found stabbed in the neck. New York City police are still searching for Anthony White, resident of homeless shelter in East Harlem and suspect in killing of his roommate Deven Black; residents of shelter say White had been threatening to kill someone and had been frightening staff members and residents; murder highlights surge in homelessness in city, and concerns about safety of shelters and city's care of mentally ill.

Jason Rezaian of The Washington Post and Matthew Trevithick added to the picture that has been emerging about the prisoner ordeal and the diplomacy that led to their release. Jason Rezaian of The Washington Post and Matthew Trevithick added to the picture that has been emerging about the prisoner ordeal and the diplomacy that led to their release. Journalist Jason Rezaian and scholar Matthew Trevithick, Americans freed in prisoner swap with Iran, recount their treatment while imprisoned; both former captives say they were told they would never leave Iran, and Trevithick was accused of plotting to overthrow Iranian government.

Nearly 20 fertilizer plants in Texas and others nationwide have the same dangerous proximity to schools, parks and housing as the one that exploded in a Central Texas town, the federal report says. Nearly 20 fertilizer plants in Texas and others nationwide have the same dangerous proximity to schools, parks and housing as the one that exploded in a Central Texas town, the federal report says. United States Chemical Safety Board releases final report on 2013 explosion at fertilizer plant in West, Texas, finding almost 20 fertilizer plants in state and others across nation are similarly situated dangerously close to schools, parks, residential areas and nursing homes; report says close proximity led to widespread damage and deaths following explosion. 

Kevin Garratt, who ran a cafe near China’s border with North Korea, will be tried on charges of spying and stealing state secrets nearly a year and a half after he and his wife were detained. Kevin Garratt, who ran a cafe near China’s border with North Korea, will be tried on charges of spying and stealing state secrets nearly a year and a half after he and his wife were detained. Chinese court will try Canadian Kevin Garratt, who has been detained since 2014, on espionage charges; defendant and his wife ran cafe near North Korean border and co-operated with charity which delivered aid to North Koreans; Canada and other Western officials are wary of move, which follows China's expulsion of Sweden human rights activist.

Next month’s elections do not bode well for Iranians eager for more political and social freedoms. Next month’s elections do not bode well for Iranians eager for more political and social freedoms. Editorial warns Iran's scheduled elections are likely to be manipulated by hard-liners opposed to moderates led by Pres Hassan Rouhani, nuclear deal and engagement with West; criticizes Iran's parliamentary nominating process, which gives small elite power to determine who is qualified to run; holds outcome of election will tremendously affect both Iran and region.

Bill Cosby legal team says too much time has elapsed to bring charges in a decade-old sexual assault case in Pennsylvania. A district attorney disagrees. Bill Cosby legal team says too much time has elapsed to bring charges in a decade-old sexual assault case in Pennsylvania. A district attorney disagrees. 

The Detroit teachers’ union filed a lawsuit Thursday against the district calling for repairing “deplorable” conditions and removing the state-appointed emergency manager, Darnell Earley. The Detroit teachers’ union filed a lawsuit Thursday against the district calling for repairing “deplorable” conditions and removing the state-appointed emergency manager, Darnell Earley. 

Gov. Terry McAuliffe and Republican lawmakers have reached a deal that strengthens some gun control measures while reversing a policy that would have invalidated certain concealed gun permits. Gov. Terry McAuliffe and Republican lawmakers have reached a deal that strengthens some gun control measures while reversing a policy that would have invalidated certain concealed gun permits. 

Regulators extended a policy that has helped the expansion of rooftop solar power, adding fees for future users but rejecting changes sought by big utilities. Regulators extended a policy that has helped the expansion of rooftop solar power, adding fees for future users but rejecting changes sought by big utilities. California regulators approve keeping system that compensates users of rooftop solar panels for their excess electricity; closely-watched decision comes as energy industry contends with big changes stemming from wider use of renewable energy.

Christopher Plaskon, 18, is accused of killing Maren Sanchez, 16, a classmate, in Milford, Conn., in 2014 after she turned down his prom invitation. Christopher Plaskon, 18, is accused of killing Maren Sanchez, 16, a classmate, in Milford, Conn., in 2014 after she turned down his prom invitation. Lawyers for Christopher Plaskon, charged with 2014 fatal stabbing of schoolmate Maren Sanchez in Milford, Conn, when two were 16 years old, are continuing to pursue potential plea agreement with prosecutors; Plaskon's family says he had been upset that Sanchez declined to go to prom with him.

If the deal is completed, Imagine would gain capital and supporters to expand its ability to back film and television productions and make acquisitions. If the deal is completed, Imagine would gain capital and supporters to expand its ability to back film and television productions and make acquisitions. Imagine Entertainment is close to locking down investment of over $100 million from consortium headed by Raine Group.

Juanjo Mena, a guest at the New York Philharmonic, and Yannick Nézet-Séguin, of the Philadelphia Orchestra, shared a composer, but little else. Juanjo Mena, a guest at the New York Philharmonic, and Yannick Nézet-Séguin, of the Philadelphia Orchestra, shared a composer, but little else. James R Oestreich reviews performances by New York Philharmonic, conducted by Juanjo Mena at Lincoln Center, and by Philadelphia Orchestra, conducted by Yannick Nezet-Seguin at Carnegie Hall.

The concert featured a complete performance of “The River,” his 1980 double album. The concert featured a complete performance of “The River,” his 1980 double album. Jon Pareles reviews performance by Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band at Madison Square Garden.

Russia’s foreign minister said a girl’s disappearance and alleged rape in Berlin was “hushed up.” But German officials have warned against politicizing the case. Russia’s foreign minister said a girl’s disappearance and alleged rape in Berlin was “hushed up.” But German officials have warned against politicizing the case. 

Chirlane McCray, the wife of Mayor Bill de Blasio, has prioritized improving mental health care and championed the city’s plan for tackling the issue. Chirlane McCray, the wife of Mayor Bill de Blasio, has prioritized improving mental health care and championed the city’s plan for tackling the issue. New York City's first lady Chirlane McCray testifies at City Council hearing in support of ambitious plan to address New Yorkers' mental health issues; is first time mayor's wife has testified before Council.

Known as “Buddy,” Mr. Cianci was known for protracted troubles with the law as well as for unfailing devotion to his city. Known as “Buddy,” Mr. Cianci was known for protracted troubles with the law as well as for unfailing devotion to his city. Vincent 'Buddy' Cianci Jr, former mayor of Providence, RI, and political commentator, known for his troubles with law enforcement and love for his city, dies at age 74. 

When it comes to Super Bowl ads, the use of well-known songs can be a high-risk, high-reward proposition, an industry expert says. When it comes to Super Bowl ads, the use of well-known songs can be a high-risk, high-reward proposition, an industry expert says. 

The company is said to have agreed to spin off its services business to its shareholders by the end of the year, separating it from the legacy hardware side. The company is said to have agreed to spin off its services business to its shareholders by the end of the year, separating it from the legacy hardware side. Xerox will spin off services business to its shareholders by end of 2016, dividing it from its legacy hardware unit; much of spinoff will incorporate Affiliated Computer Services.

A guide to movies playing at theaters in the New York City area, as well as select festivals and film series. A complete list of new releases is at nytimes.com/intheaters. A guide to movies playing at theaters in the New York City area, as well as select festivals and film series. A complete list of new releases is at nytimes.com/intheaters. 

In the documentary “Requiem for the American Dream,” Mr. Chomsky conjures a sobering vision of a society in an accelerating decline. In the documentary “Requiem for the American Dream,” Mr. Chomsky conjures a sobering vision of a society in an accelerating decline. Daniel M Gold reviews Requiem for the American Dream, documentary film on Prof Noam Chomsky, directed by Peter Hutchison, Kelly Nyks and Jared P Scott.

This Cameron Labine film features mismatched siblings and a road trip gone wrong. This Cameron Labine film features mismatched siblings and a road trip gone wrong. Ken Jaworowski reviews movie Mountain Men, written and directed by Cameron Labine.

The Sharp Family Band field trip became a nightmare when the eldest daughter was among those to witness a shooting in confrontation with the police. The Sharp Family Band field trip became a nightmare when the eldest daughter was among those to witness a shooting in confrontation with the police. Story of Sharp Family Band, made up of Odalis Sharp and eight of her 10 children, offers window into kinds of Americans who found themselves drawn to people who have occupied Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon; family drove from Kansas to play their gospel music for occupiers, and was instantly embraced by them.

Four small-town idiots accidentally end up in possession of a suit of high-tech armor that is Earth’s best defense against an invasion from outer space. Four small-town idiots accidentally end up in possession of a suit of high-tech armor that is Earth’s best defense against an invasion from outer space. Neil Genzlinger reviews movie Lazer Team, directed by Matt Hullum.

Jim VandeHei and Mike Allen will leave the political publication later this year, along with others, shaking up a rapidly expanding organization. Jim VandeHei and Mike Allen will leave the political publication later this year, along with others, shaking up a rapidly expanding organization. Politico co-founder and chief executive Jim VandeHei and journalist Mike Allen plan to leave after November presidential election; three other senior executives also plan to depart; sudden news shakes political journalism establishment. 

According to advisers of the Florida senator, panicked Republicans would flock to Mr. Rubio, while a victory by Senator Ted Cruz would be the worst case. According to advisers of the Florida senator, panicked Republicans would flock to Mr. Rubio, while a victory by Senator Ted Cruz would be the worst case. Marco Rubio's campaign has concluded Donald J Trump victory in Iowa caucuses will be boon to Rubio's candidacy, as head-to-head battle with Sen Ted Cruz would make it more difficult for Rubio to gain support from within Republican Party; Rubio has taken to attacking Cruz aggressively in hopes of driving down his poll numbers in state.

With seven confirmed cases in the state, including three in the city, health administrators announced plans to prevent the virus from spreading. With seven confirmed cases in the state, including three in the city, health administrators announced plans to prevent the virus from spreading. New York City health officials lay out plans for preventing Zika virus from spreading in New York City, noting that seven people have been diagnosed with virus in state, and three in city.

A different perspective on a dream vacation to Israel, with all the amenities, including appearances by the undead. A different perspective on a dream vacation to Israel, with all the amenities, including appearances by the undead. Neil Genzlinger reviews movie JeruZalem, directed by Doron and Yoav Paz and starring Yael Grobglas and Danielle Jadelyn.

Much of the work on view in this Artists Space show has been made by inmates in state prisons. Much of the work on view in this Artists Space show has been made by inmates in state prisons. Roberta Smith reviews exhibit 91020000, featuring ready-made objects by artist Cameron Rowland, at Artists Space. 

  

Two sales kiosks, which have been the subject of violations by New York City, did modest business and will not be missed, a lawyer for the Trump Organization said at a hearing. Two sales kiosks, which have been the subject of violations by New York City, did modest business and will not be missed, a lawyer for the Trump Organization said at a hearing. New York City's Dept of City Planning sends letter to Trump Organization calling on it to remove merchandise related to Donald Trump's presidential bid from lobby of Trump Tower in Midtown Manhattan; lobby is public space.

There were snickers in 2007 when the Chinese said they would soon be making cars for the United States. It wasn’t soon, but the vehicles have begun to arrive. There were snickers in 2007 when the Chinese said they would soon be making cars for the United States. It wasn’t soon, but the vehicles have begun to arrive. Wheels column; three new cars from Volvo, Buick and Cadillac are first to be made in China and exported to United States.

  

A new project catalogs the hundreds of personal insults Donald Trump has made on Twitter. A new project catalogs the hundreds of personal insults Donald Trump has made on Twitter. 

  

  

Mr. Gitai’s new film delves into the incendiary political culture that led to the assassination of Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin of Israel in 1995. Mr. Gitai’s new film delves into the incendiary political culture that led to the assassination of Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin of Israel in 1995. A O Scott reviews Amos Gitai documentary film Rabin: The Last Day.

Acquavella plans to focus on the artist’s work from 1943 to 1959 in a show opening on April 15. Acquavella plans to focus on the artist’s work from 1943 to 1959 in a show opening on April 15. Robin Pogrebin Inside Art column; Acquavella Gallery dedicates two floors to monographic show displaying work by Jean Dubuffet; artist N Dash will exhibit paintings and fabric sculptures at Casey Kaplan gallery; Museum of Modern Art obtains five important works by black artists; Michael McGinnis, former president of Phillips auction house, will become new partner at Mnuchin Gallery. 

A critical guide to performances of classical music in the New York City area. A critical guide to performances of classical music in the New York City area. 

  

Quarterly results underscored Microsoft’s good and bad trends as software floundered while the cloud business continued to grow. Quarterly results underscored Microsoft’s good and bad trends as software floundered while the cloud business continued to grow. Microsoft reports second fiscal quarter profit of almost $5 billion, or 62 cents a share, compared with $5.86 billion, or 71 cents a share, in year-earlier quarter; revenue dropped to $23.8 billion from $26.47 billion; software sales fall, but cloud business rises.

  

This exhibition gathers artifacts surrounding the creation and first staging of Wagner’s four-part opera cycle in Bayreuth, Germany. This exhibition gathers artifacts surrounding the creation and first staging of Wagner’s four-part opera cycle in Bayreuth, Germany. Zachary Woolfe reviews exhibit Wagner's Ring: Forging An Epic at  Morgan Library & Museum. 

This show at the Whitney Museum of American Art presents a dozen works by five young painters that deal cleverly in contradictory illusions. This show at the Whitney Museum of American Art presents a dozen works by five young painters that deal cleverly in contradictory illusions. Ken Johnson reviews exhibit Flatlands, featuring paintings by artists Mathew Cerletty, Orion Martin, Jamian Juliano-Villani, Caitlin Keogh and Nina Chanel Abney, at Whitney Museum of American Art.

Mr. Johnson, head of the Investor Protection Bureau, was involved in some of the largest settlements with banks over misdeeds in the mortgage market. Mr. Johnson, head of the Investor Protection Bureau, was involved in some of the largest settlements with banks over misdeeds in the mortgage market. New York State Investor Protection Bureau chief Chad Johnson is leaving to join Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan; he served almost four years as top lieutenant to Atty Gen Eric T Schneiderman.

These 15 films, ranging from harrowing live-action tales and documentaries to ingenious animation, have been packaged for commercial release this weekend. These 15 films, ranging from harrowing live-action tales and documentaries to ingenious animation, have been packaged for commercial release this weekend. Stephen Holden Critic's Notebook notes heavy themes dominate Oscar awards category for short films, with just enough levity to keep audience from despair.

  

With the European Union fragmenting politically and hit by crises, Mr. Renzi is demanding that Italy’s voice be heard. But his assertiveness comes with political risk. With the European Union fragmenting politically and hit by crises, Mr. Renzi is demanding that Italy’s voice be heard. But his assertiveness comes with political risk. Memo From Italy; Italian Prime Min Matteo Renzi, amid European Union's political turmoil, is trumpeting country's assertiveness, challenging Germany and France for leadership; his sudden confrontational approach has brought on criticism of grandstanding.

Ellen Maddow’s comedy explores the vicissitudes of cheek-by-jowl urban housing. Ellen Maddow’s comedy explores the vicissitudes of cheek-by-jowl urban housing. Andy Webster reviews Ellen Maddow play Burnished by Grief: A Romantic Comedy, directed by Paul Zimet and starring Will Badgett and Mary Shultz, at La MaMa.

A guide to the galleries from Times critics. A guide to the galleries from Times critics. 

The Ohio governor is doing minimal campaigning in Iowa, where he is way behind but working instead to win New Hampshire, where he’s climbing in the polls. The Ohio governor is doing minimal campaigning in Iowa, where he is way behind but working instead to win New Hampshire, where he’s climbing in the polls. 

The top eight teams based on record, regardless of conference, will qualify for the postseason, beginning this year, the league announced. The top eight teams based on record, regardless of conference, will qualify for the postseason, beginning this year, the league announced. WNBA increases playoffs to four rounds and announces that eight teams with best records, regardless of conference, will qualify for postseason.

Images from the Oscar-nominated short films, playing in a series of programs in theaters around the country. Images from the Oscar-nominated short films, playing in a series of programs in theaters around the country. 

The lab, in Newark, Calif, was cited on Monday by federal regulators for violations of clinical standards. The lab, in Newark, Calif, was cited on Monday by federal regulators for violations of clinical standards. Walgreens suspends blood tests by Theranos laboratories; reliability of labs' testing has been questioned, and regulators have discovered violations.

Kola House, now being built in New York, is meant to be a testing ground for Pepsi products and, in a subtle way, to stir social media conversation. Kola House, now being built in New York, is meant to be a testing ground for Pepsi products and, in a subtle way, to stir social media conversation. Pepsi is expanding into restaurant business with its 5,000-square-foot Kola House in Chelsea; it plans on serving food, beverages and testing new products.

Scientists have found a small clay tablet with markings indicating that a sort of precalculus technique was used to track Jupiter’s motion in the night sky. Scientists have found a small clay tablet with markings indicating that a sort of precalculus technique was used to track Jupiter’s motion in the night sky. Article in journal Science asserts Ancient Babylonian tablet displays use of precalculus to track planet Jupiter, anticipating development of calculus in late Middle Ages.

A statue of Guanyin will go back on view at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, on Feb. 6. A statue of Guanyin will go back on view at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, on Feb. 6. Eve M Kahn Antiques column; Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, will return to view a wooden sculpture of Buddhist deity Guanyin after 17 years of treatment and analysis; McMullen Museum of Art at Boston College presents group exhibit The Arts and Crafts Movement: Making It Irish; Museum of the American Arts and Crafts Movement reveals future display of collection from Two Red Roses Foundation before museum's official opening in Florida in 2018. 

La Organización Mundial de la Salud convocará una reunión de urgencia el lunes para decidir si declara la crisis como una emergencia sanitaria. La Organización Mundial de la Salud convocará una reunión de urgencia el lunes para decidir si declara la crisis como una emergencia sanitaria. 

Despite a 22 percent increase in revenue, the e-commerce company’s shares fell after its fourth-quarter profit failed to meet analysts’ lofty expectations. Despite a 22 percent increase in revenue, the e-commerce company’s shares fell after its fourth-quarter profit failed to meet analysts’ lofty expectations. Amazon reports fourth-quarter profit of $1 per share; revenue was $35.7 billion, up 22 percent from $29.3 billion; shares drop more than $84 in after-hours trading on news.

  

The closing of the Pakistani military’s network of colleges and schools around Karachi in the wake of the Taliban attack at Bacha Khan University prompted worry among parents. The closing of the Pakistani military’s network of colleges and schools around Karachi in the wake of the Taliban attack at Bacha Khan University prompted worry among parents. Closing of Pakistani schools around Karachi in wake of Taliban attack at Bacha Khan University raises widespread fear and confusion as officials call for calm; police hold security drills as parents of students worry more attacks could occur.

Mr. Pinckney’s second novel, coming more than 20 years after “High Cotton,” focuses on a young black man who is gay and an underachiever. Mr. Pinckney’s second novel, coming more than 20 years after “High Cotton,” focuses on a young black man who is gay and an underachiever. Dwight Garner reviews book Black Deutschland by Darryl Pinckney. 

An official of the International Women’s Health Coalition discusses the widespread trend of providers claiming conscientious objection. An official of the International Women’s Health Coalition discusses the widespread trend of providers claiming conscientious objection. 

If the Supreme Court upholds a conviction in a case from California, it could provide guidelines on the requirement of proof that a defendant in such cases sought personal gain. If the Supreme Court upholds a conviction in a case from California, it could provide guidelines on the requirement of proof that a defendant in such cases sought personal gain. James B Stewart Common Sense column holds insider trading law has fallen into state of confusion, but Supreme Court's hearing of California case may provide some kind of road map on guidelines; points out current law has hampered ability to prosecute and deter insider trading. 

Of the visitors expected to pour into Brazil in August, some may get infected by the mosquito-borne virus and then return home at a time of peak mosquito activity. Of the visitors expected to pour into Brazil in August, some may get infected by the mosquito-borne virus and then return home at a time of peak mosquito activity. Hundreds of thousands plan to attend 2016 Olympic games in Brazil, where outbreak of Zika virus has alarmed health officials; authorities fear travelers to games will bring virus, which has been linked to surge in birth defects, back to their home countries. 

A reader has ethical concerns about research that “consigns deeply social animals to a lifetime of severe anxiety and isolation.” A reader has ethical concerns about research that “consigns deeply social animals to a lifetime of severe anxiety and isolation.” 

A reader writes that there is no real debate about Adolf Eichmann’s role in the Holocaust. A reader writes that there is no real debate about Adolf Eichmann’s role in the Holocaust. 

Readers call for youth education and long-term treatment options, and the New York special narcotics prosecutor says our strategy is lop-sided. Readers call for youth education and long-term treatment options, and the New York special narcotics prosecutor says our strategy is lop-sided. 

A reader wonders how events would have played out if the refuge occupiers had been black or Hispanic or Muslim. A reader wonders how events would have played out if the refuge occupiers had been black or Hispanic or Muslim. 

This free viewing at the Morrison Hotel Gallery in SoHo includes images from 1974 to 1984, ranging from stage to studio to the streets of New Jersey. This free viewing at the Morrison Hotel Gallery in SoHo includes images from 1974 to 1984, ranging from stage to studio to the streets of New Jersey. 

So far, more super PAC money has been spent directly in support of Senator Sanders than for his Democratic Party rivals. So far, more super PAC money has been spent directly in support of Senator Sanders than for his Democratic Party rivals. Federal Election Commission records show Sen Bernie Sanders has benefited from super PACs supporting his campaign more than any other of Democratic nominees, even though he has made it point of his campaign to call for eradication of such groups; super PAC support for Sanders has come about through combination of conservative groups that hope to bloody Hillary Clinton's campaign and liberal groups that hope to see Sanders succeed.

The men were repairing an old cross-border tunnel in eastern Gaza used in the war last year when it collapsed, Hamas said. Four workers survived. The men were repairing an old cross-border tunnel in eastern Gaza used in the war last year when it collapsed, Hamas said. Four workers survived. 

Craig Moon, a former president and publisher of USA Today, will lead the newspaper. Craig Moon, a former president and publisher of USA Today, will lead the newspaper. Las Vegas Review-Journal selects former USA Today president Craig Moon to be its new publisher; Moon will succeed Jason Taylor. 

The director discusses a scene from his Icelandic drama “Rams.” The director discusses a scene from his Icelandic drama “Rams.” 

European Union officials in Brussels want uniform rules, but many countries prefer to use tax policies to reward or punish big multinationals. European Union officials in Brussels want uniform rules, but many countries prefer to use tax policies to reward or punish big multinationals. Europe is split over allowing corporate tax breaks for big United States multinational companies like Google; some nations like France and Germany want to claw back breaks, while others prefer firms keep them to encourage investment and prosperity.

Researchers set out to solve a puzzle that has baffled cancer investigators: Why do many cells that have cancer genes never turn cancerous? Researchers set out to solve a puzzle that has baffled cancer investigators: Why do many cells that have cancer genes never turn cancerous? Study published in journal Science on how melanoma develops offers insight into question of why many cells never turn cancerous even though they have cancer genes.

A lawyer for the carmaker said the company might have to buy back some tainted cars in the United States because it would take too long to correct emissions problems. A lawyer for the carmaker said the company might have to buy back some tainted cars in the United States because it would take too long to correct emissions problems. Volkswagen lawyer says company may buy back some diesel cars in United States if it cannot make them compliant with air quality regulations quickly enough; firm faces hundreds of lawsuits from owners and dealers who say cars have dropped in value.

The Commerce Department said orders for long-lasting manufactured goods plunged 5.1 percent last month, the biggest drop since August 2014, after slipping 0.5 percent in November. The Commerce Department said orders for long-lasting manufactured goods plunged 5.1 percent last month, the biggest drop since August 2014, after slipping 0.5 percent in November. Commerce Department reports 5.1 percent drop in durable goods orders for December 2015, most likely due to falling demand for commercial aircraft.

The continuation of talks between Puerto Rico’s power company and its bondholders have revived hopes that a default can be avoided. The continuation of talks between Puerto Rico’s power company and its bondholders have revived hopes that a default can be avoided. Talks resume between Puerto Rico Electric and Power Authority and its creditors to restructure about $9 billion in debt.

Tolstoy’s novel is translated from Russian to French to English, and The New York Times is not impressed. Tolstoy’s novel is translated from Russian to French to English, and The New York Times is not impressed. Friday File column; New York Times archives highlight review of Leo Tolstoy's 1869 book War and Peace published on Jan 31, 1886, which heavily criticized first English translation of novel; also looks at review of book Anna Karenina published several months later.

The man, who was fleeing after robbing a cellphone store in the Midwood neighborhood, is in stable condition, the authorities said. The man, who was fleeing after robbing a cellphone store in the Midwood neighborhood, is in stable condition, the authorities said. New York City police officer shoots and wounds armed man who had robbed cellphone store in Midwood, Brooklyn, and then led police on car chase; dramatic events throw Midwood, neighborhood unused to violent crime, into turmoil.

The “Jane the Virgin” star starts #MovementMondays, a social media campaign to support films and shows starring Hispanic performers. The “Jane the Virgin” star starts #MovementMondays, a social media campaign to support films and shows starring Hispanic performers. 

A reader in Brooklyn feels disenfranchised because the presidential candidates rarely venture there. A reader in Brooklyn feels disenfranchised because the presidential candidates rarely venture there. 

Between the present and this coming spring, this soprano will assume the roles of Anne Boleyn; Mary, Queen of Scots; and Queen Elizabeth at the Met. Between the present and this coming spring, this soprano will assume the roles of Anne Boleyn; Mary, Queen of Scots; and Queen Elizabeth at the Met. Soprano Sondra Radvanovsky is preparing for three separate queenly roles in Metropolitan Opera productions of Donizetti operas Anna Bolena, Maria Stuarda and Roberto Devereux, in which she will play Anne Boleyn, Mary, Queen of Scots and Elizabeth I; singing all three queens in single season is commendable feat.

A spokesman for the main opposition bloc said it wanted an assurance from Secretary General Ban Ki-moon that the Syrian government would lift its sieges of rebel-held towns. A spokesman for the main opposition bloc said it wanted an assurance from Secretary General Ban Ki-moon that the Syrian government would lift its sieges of rebel-held towns. Opposition parties in Syrian conflict say they will not attend Geneva peace talks unless United Nations Sec Gen Ban K-moon guarantees Syrian government will lift sieges on rebel-held towns; United States and Saudi Arabia-backed bloc is under intense pressure as Russian military assistance increasingly bolsters Pres Bashar al-Assad's regime.

In China, growth in property investment is sagging, and the trend from bricks-and-mortar to online retailing is positive for Alibaba’s top-line growth story. In China, growth in property investment is sagging, and the trend from bricks-and-mortar to online retailing is positive for Alibaba’s top-line growth story. 

Employers across Iowa, whose jobless rate is only 3.4 percent, lament that the state has “run out of people for jobs.” Employers across Iowa, whose jobless rate is only 3.4 percent, lament that the state has “run out of people for jobs.” Iowa's unemployment rate of 3.4 percent is among lowest in country, but job growth is hampered by limited labor pool; wages in most sectors have climbed by only modest amounts.

A judge could decide to give Ethan Couch up to 120 days in prison after he fled the country while on probation for killing four people in a drunken-driving crash. A judge could decide to give Ethan Couch up to 120 days in prison after he fled the country while on probation for killing four people in a drunken-driving crash. Ethan Couch, 18-year-old Texan who avoided prison after killing four people in 2013 when driving while drunk when his lawyers mounted so-called affluenza defense, returns from Mexico, where he had fled.

In an attempt to draw attention to refugees, a small team of them will compete under the Olympic flag at the Summer Games, the president of the I.O.C. said. In an attempt to draw attention to refugees, a small team of them will compete under the Olympic flag at the Summer Games, the president of the I.O.C. said. International Olympic Committee president Thomas Bach announces small team of international refugees will compete under Olympic flag in several events at 2016 Olympics.

Chris Cox, who leads the National Rifle Association’s political action committee, has emerged as the group’s point man in pushing to defeat new gun control laws. Chris Cox, who leads the National Rifle Association’s political action committee, has emerged as the group’s point man in pushing to defeat new gun control laws. National Rifle Assn chief lobbyist Chris Cox has emerged as group's most effective organizer, chalking up string of legislative victories in either expanding existing gun rights or defeating gun control measures; Cox is pivotal in NRA efforts to prevent Hillary Clinton from becoming president in 2016.

The lawmakers said they would request $600 million in federal aid to help Michigan address the contaminated water emergency in the city. The lawmakers said they would request $600 million in federal aid to help Michigan address the contaminated water emergency in the city. Senate Democrats announce they will ask for $600 million in federal aid for Michigan to help address water crisis in Flint, with $400 million of that money designated to infrastructure improvements for drinking water systems and $200 million for addressing health fallout from lead exposure.

The Print Room offers a revelatory production of "Five Finger Exercise," but "Waste," at the National Theater's Lyttelton stage, and Cirque du Soleil's "Amaluna," at Royal Albert Hall waver. The Print Room offers a revelatory production of "Five Finger Exercise," but "Waste," at the National Theater's Lyttelton stage, and Cirque du Soleil's "Amaluna," at Royal Albert Hall waver. 

A 28-year-old man carrying two guns, ammunition and a Quran was arrested at a hotel in Disneyland Paris, adding to security fears in France. A 28-year-old man carrying two guns, ammunition and a Quran was arrested at a hotel in Disneyland Paris, adding to security fears in France. French authorities arrest man at Disney’s Hotel New York near Disneyland Paris in Marne-la-Vallee after routine security check found guns and ammunition in his luggage.

In his first full season as Knicks president, Jackson said his experiment had “fallen flat on its face.” After a year of progress, the team can be seen as a sturdy rebuild. In his first full season as Knicks president, Jackson said his experiment had “fallen flat on its face.” After a year of progress, the team can be seen as a sturdy rebuild. Harvey Araton On Pro Basketball column notes New York Kicks have come back from worst season ever in 2014-15, but are still tossup to make playoffs, despite efforts by team president Phil Jackson.

President Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi was unhurt in the blast, which hit a checkpoint nearby. But it underscored the government’s tenuous hold on security. President Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi was unhurt in the blast, which hit a checkpoint nearby. But it underscored the government’s tenuous hold on security. Islamic State militants say they are responsible for suicide bombing attack on convoy of Yemen officials near Aden presidential palace; security reports Pres Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi was not hurt in explosion, but at least eight others died from blast.

The president of American Rivers opposes a House bill that he says would “stack the deck for powerful energy companies.” The president of American Rivers opposes a House bill that he says would “stack the deck for powerful energy companies.” 

Wideman will have a hearing with the N.H.L. next week after knocking a lineman to the ice during a game. Wideman said that the hit was unintentional. Wideman will have a hearing with the N.H.L. next week after knocking a lineman to the ice during a game. Wideman said that the hit was unintentional. NHL suspends Calgary Flames defenseman Dennis Wideman indefinitely, pending hearing, for crosschecking linesman Don Henderson during game against Nashville Predators.

The Republican presidential candidates debated in Des Moines on Thursday night. Here is how to follow it. The Republican presidential candidates debated in Des Moines on Thursday night. Here is how to follow it. 

With the lifting of sanctions, President Hassan Rouhani is on a state visit to Europe, signing multimillion-dollar deals for goods that Iran was unable to buy for years. With the lifting of sanctions, President Hassan Rouhani is on a state visit to Europe, signing multimillion-dollar deals for goods that Iran was unable to buy for years. European leaders rush to accommodate Iranian Pres Hassan Rouhani on series of state visits; overlook human rights and security concerns in favor of reestablishing business ties with Iran following end to international economic sanctions; experts say flurry of deals should help consolidate power of Rouhani's relatively moderate faction.

The country's president must call the perpetrators of brutal war crimes to account. The country's president must call the perpetrators of brutal war crimes to account. 

As alarm grows over Zika, airlines are allowing passengers to change flights or receive refunds, and some tour companies are seeing cancellations. As alarm grows over Zika, airlines are allowing passengers to change flights or receive refunds, and some tour companies are seeing cancellations. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warnings against travel to areas affected by Zika virus, particularly for pregnant women or those planning a pregnancy, are bringing reactions across travel industry; number of airlines have issued statements concerning their rebooking and refund policies for travelers with reservations to impacted areas, and cruise lines are also working with customers who want to postpone or cancel travel. 

Anyone who thinks Warsaw or Budapest will give in to pressure on issues of national sovereignty should look at how far the Greeks were prepared to go. Anyone who thinks Warsaw or Budapest will give in to pressure on issues of national sovereignty should look at how far the Greeks were prepared to go. 

With oil prices low, and $10 billion in debt due this year, many challenges to a restructuring await. With oil prices low, and $10 billion in debt due this year, many challenges to a restructuring await. 

A reporter goes back to Manitowoc County, Wis., where residents who considered the 10-year-old case settled are being second-guessed about Steven Avery’s return to prison. A reporter goes back to Manitowoc County, Wis., where residents who considered the 10-year-old case settled are being second-guessed about Steven Avery’s return to prison. Netflix documentary series Making a Murderer, detailing 2005 murder case, has roiled Manitowoc County, Wis; Brendan Dassey and Steven Avery were convicted of murdering Teresa Halbach, but series raises questions over their guilt; social media posts and renewed attention is compelling residents of Manitowoc to look back.

As the former president tries to energize his wife’s campaign, even some of his admirers wonder about his more subdued style and faded magnetism. As the former president tries to energize his wife’s campaign, even some of his admirers wonder about his more subdued style and faded magnetism. Bill Clinton campaigns in Iowa for Hillary Clinton in advance of Iowa caucuses, but former president seems to have lost some of his old magic as he fails to offer pointed critique of her main opponent Sen Bernie Sanders; while Clinton at times displays flashes of his former brilliance, even some of his admirers observe that something is missing.

Pyotr Pavlensky was taken to a hospital notorious for giving insanity diagnoses to political dissidents in the Soviet period, raising worries about a revival of politicized psychiatry. Pyotr Pavlensky was taken to a hospital notorious for giving insanity diagnoses to political dissidents in the Soviet period, raising worries about a revival of politicized psychiatry. Russian authorities send performance artist Pyotr Pavlensky to Serbsky State Scientific Center for Social and Forensic Psychiatry, institute with history of diagnosing political dissidents as insane; detained artist's works have included nailing his scrotum to Red Square.

Mattel has unveiled curvy, petite and tall versions of its fashion doll whose unrealistically thin shape has drawn criticism for decades. Sales have plunged as Barbie has struggled to remain relevant. Mattel has unveiled curvy, petite and tall versions of its fashion doll whose unrealistically thin shape has drawn criticism for decades. Sales have plunged as Barbie has struggled to remain relevant. Mattel introduces new versions of its Barbie fashion doll, featuring curvy, petite and tall body types; sales of unrealistically thin doll have dropped precipitously over past several years, as little girls play with toys other than dolls.

Mr. Rondeau, the curator of modern and contemporary art at the institute, will succeed Douglas Druick. Mr. Rondeau, the curator of modern and contemporary art at the institute, will succeed Douglas Druick. Art Institute of Chicago contemporary-art curator James Rondeau is named to succeed departing director Douglas Druick.

A study says the increase is a result of more regulatory scrutiny as corporate dealings become increasingly multinational. A study says the increase is a result of more regulatory scrutiny as corporate dealings become increasingly multinational. 

The price of oil rose as the Russian government continued talks with Saudi Arabia and the OPEC oil cartel about cutting production. The price of oil rose as the Russian government continued talks with Saudi Arabia and the OPEC oil cartel about cutting production. Stocks climb as oil prices rise for third day in row.

People who did not move their cars from snow emergency routes during the storm received $250 fines, and even more if their cars were towed. People who did not move their cars from snow emergency routes during the storm received $250 fines, and even more if their cars were towed. 

Campus iconoclasm has come to Oxford. But scrubbing awkward facts from history is a dangerous trend. Campus iconoclasm has come to Oxford. But scrubbing awkward facts from history is a dangerous trend. 

Lifted by strong sales in North America, the automaker said that it earned $1.9 billion in the fourth quarter. Lifted by strong sales in North America, the automaker said that it earned $1.9 billion in the fourth quarter. Ford Motor Co reports 2015 profit of $7.4 billion, mostly due to brisk United States sales; revenue was $149.6 billion; fourth-quarter profit was $1.9 billion, compared with $2.5 billion loss in year-earlier quarter.

More than 3,700 migrants died while trying to enter Europe via the Mediterranean last year, and the latest accident was a reminder that the flow has not stopped. More than 3,700 migrants died while trying to enter Europe via the Mediterranean last year, and the latest accident was a reminder that the flow has not stopped. Fatal boat accident off Greek island of Samos claims at least 24 lives, becoming latest incident to suggest that frigid winter temperatures have not slowed flow of migrants into Europe; European Union, which has struggled to respond to crisis, is slowly improving its screening methods and moving to deport unqualified asylum seekers.

If you do not want your VPN app to start up every time you use the Internet, you can adjust its settings. If you do not want your VPN app to start up every time you use the Internet, you can adjust its settings. 

Russian landowners trying to increase domestic agriculture production are using trainers from the United States to teach workers about riding horses and herding cattle. Russian landowners trying to increase domestic agriculture production are using trainers from the United States to teach workers about riding horses and herding cattle. Valuets Journal; central Russian ranches attempting to revive country's post-Soviet agriculture industry employ American cowboys as trainers; novice cowboys learn to endure long days of arduous work without resorting to vodka; Russia's sinking economy, weakened by Western sanctions, has made food self-sufficiency national priority.

He posted on Facebook a photograph of the notice denying him entry, writing that he and his sons had “been detained by the Hong Kong police for over 14 hours.” He posted on Facebook a photograph of the notice denying him entry, writing that he and his sons had “been detained by the Hong Kong police for over 14 hours.” Hong Kong officials prevent Dieudonne M’bala M’bala from entering territory, detaining French comedian at local airport; M’bala M’bala has been upbraided for his anti-Semitic remarks and was convicted in France for condoning terrorism.

But the investment company reported a small increase in assets under management at time when most big asset managers had withdrawals. But the investment company reported a small increase in assets under management at time when most big asset managers had withdrawals. Blackstone Group reports fourth-quarter profit of $435 million, down 70 percent from $1.4 billion in year-ago quarter; reports 2015 profit of $2.1 billion, down 51 percent from $4.3 billion in 2014.

Depending on the moment, she is an electric vocalist or an indifferent one, an emotional savant or a naif, Jon Caramanica writes. And this is her eighth album. Depending on the moment, she is an electric vocalist or an indifferent one, an emotional savant or a naif, Jon Caramanica writes. And this is her eighth album. Jon Caramanica reviews Anti, eighth album by singer Rihanna.

For decades, the National Iranian Tanker Company shipped crude around the world. But after sanctions in 2012, business, long solid, unraveled in a couple of months. For decades, the National Iranian Tanker Company shipped crude around the world. But after sanctions in 2012, business, long solid, unraveled in a couple of months. National Iranian Tanker Company returns fully to oil shipping business after lifting of international economic sanctions which followed Iran's final compliance with nuclear agreement; company's ability to work around restrictions was crippled with advent of stricter 2012 sanctions; foreign clientele welcomes restoration of lucrative partnership.

Although it was still unclear what caused people on board to become sick, their symptoms resembled those associated with engine fumes leaking into the cabin. Although it was still unclear what caused people on board to become sick, their symptoms resembled those associated with engine fumes leaking into the cabin. Details remain unclear in case of American Airlines Flight 109, which was forced to turn around during trip from London to Los Angeles after several passengers and crew became sick; symptoms suggest jet engine fume leak.

The announcement that the company’s profit doubled in the most recent quarter is a potentially positive sign for consumer strength in China. The announcement that the company’s profit doubled in the most recent quarter is a potentially positive sign for consumer strength in China. Chinese e-commerce behemoth Alibaba Group reports its profit doubled in quarter ended in December, with sales up 32 percent; report is potential good sign for China's economy.

Officials from the group announced that they would convene a meeting on Monday to decide whether to declare a public health emergency. Officials from the group announced that they would convene a meeting on Monday to decide whether to declare a public health emergency. World Health Organization issues worldwide warning over Zika virus, contending disease is 'spreading explosively' in Latin America and Caribbean and up to four million people could be infected by end of 2016; more than 20 countries have reported cases; agency is planning special meeting to determine whether to declare public health emergency.

The reality TV star’s presidential campaign shows a split in the evangelical movement. The reality TV star’s presidential campaign shows a split in the evangelical movement. Op-Ed article by author Sarah Posner argues evangelical leader Jerry Falwell Jr's endorsement of Donald J Trump for president and criticism of move by other evangelicals illustrates growing split in religious right; contends rise of Trump, who is willfully ignorant of many aspects of religion, shows many evangelicals abandoning religion as criteria for candidacy.

Survey data shows that the senator is popular among conservatives, and that more than 40 percent of G.O.P. moderates view him favorably. Survey data shows that the senator is popular among conservatives, and that more than 40 percent of G.O.P. moderates view him favorably. 

The government still owns about 9 percent of the bank, which received a $24 billion bailout during the financial crisis in 2008. The government still owns about 9 percent of the bank, which received a $24 billion bailout during the financial crisis in 2008. 

Developers of coastal residential enclaves around the world are kept busy as even non-boat owners seek shore views. Developers of coastal residential enclaves around the world are kept busy as even non-boat owners seek shore views. 

A picturesque home where much of the planning for the Battle of Normandy took place is on the market. A picturesque home where much of the planning for the Battle of Normandy took place is on the market. 

Modern China is breeding fewer donkeys, threatening the supply of a traditional medicine made from their hides and inviting a flood of fakes into the market. Modern China is breeding fewer donkeys, threatening the supply of a traditional medicine made from their hides and inviting a flood of fakes into the market. 

A jury found Darrell P. Read, who formerly worked at the British financial firm ICAP, not guilty on the remaining conspiracy charge that he faced. A jury found Darrell P. Read, who formerly worked at the British financial firm ICAP, not guilty on the remaining conspiracy charge that he faced. London court acquits Darrell P Read, former ICAP broker, of charges stemming from conspiracy to manipulate Libor interest rate benchmark; ruling follows previous day's acquittals of five other brokers who were accused of being part of scam. 

A Georgian building has been given new life, functioning as both a home and a state-of-the-art cookery and craft school. A Georgian building has been given new life, functioning as both a home and a state-of-the-art cookery and craft school. 

Angelique Kerber, inspired by Steffi Graf, her idol and fellow German, will play in the Australian Open final against Serena Williams, who can tie Graf’s Open-era record of 22 major singles titles. Angelique Kerber, inspired by Steffi Graf, her idol and fellow German, will play in the Australian Open final against Serena Williams, who can tie Graf’s Open-era record of 22 major singles titles. German tennis player Angelique Kerber, who grew up idolizing her compatriot Steffi Graf, prepares to play Australian Open final against Serena Williams, who is hoping to tie Graf’s Open-era record of 22 Grand Slam singles titles.

The explosion of the space shuttle Challenger on Jan. 28, 1986, remains one of the worst accidents of the American space program. The explosion of the space shuttle Challenger on Jan. 28, 1986, remains one of the worst accidents of the American space program. 

The film’s central character, voiced by Jack Black, reunites with his long-lost father just as all of China is menaced by a fearsome beast. The film’s central character, voiced by Jack Black, reunites with his long-lost father just as all of China is menaced by a fearsome beast. Neil Genzlinger reviews animated film Kung Fu Panda 3, directed by Alessandro Carloni and Jennifer Yuh Nelson and starring Jack Black and Bryan Cranston.

Based on a real-life 1952 rescue of men aboard a tanker in a brutal storm, this nostalgic film also features Casey Affleck as a heroic shipboard engineer. Based on a real-life 1952 rescue of men aboard a tanker in a brutal storm, this nostalgic film also features Casey Affleck as a heroic shipboard engineer. Stephen Holden reviews movie The Finest Hours, directed by Craig Gillespie and starring Chris Pine and Casey Affleck.

We sent our reporter Trip Gabriel to live in Iowa. Here’s what he’s watching for as the caucuses near. We sent our reporter Trip Gabriel to live in Iowa. Here’s what he’s watching for as the caucuses near. 

American Jewish leaders say rallying support for Israel is becoming more difficult amid persistent U.S.-Israeli tensions. American Jewish leaders say rallying support for Israel is becoming more difficult amid persistent U.S.-Israeli tensions. 

The diversity — from Beijing, Russia, the Netherlands and that legendary house in Rome — illustrates how couture is quietly expanding. The diversity — from Beijing, Russia, the Netherlands and that legendary house in Rome — illustrates how couture is quietly expanding. 

Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump are counting on infrequent voters, but the evidence indicates this hope is misplaced. Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump are counting on infrequent voters, but the evidence indicates this hope is misplaced. 

The move came after allegations that he took money from the head of a construction company in exchange for political favors. The move came after allegations that he took money from the head of a construction company in exchange for political favors. Japanese official tapped by Prime Min Shinzo Abe to revive country's economy resigns amid corruption scandal; Akira Amari allegedly accepted cash from construction executive in return for favors, and will miss signing of Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement he helped forge.

Auburn is one of 17 universities in the South that a civil rights group says include broad questions about contact with the legal system on admissions forms. Auburn is one of 17 universities in the South that a civil rights group says include broad questions about contact with the legal system on admissions forms. Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law announces it is looking into 17 universities in South, including Auburn University, that ask prospective students about arrests and other contacts with criminal justice system; inquiry comes at time of growing concern about whether questions about history of criminal charges or disciplinary action can lead to discrimination against prospective students who are black.

The New York Sanitation Department’s revised approach to prioritizing streets to be cleared of snow relies on two designations: critical and sector. The weekend blizzard tested the plan. The New York Sanitation Department’s revised approach to prioritizing streets to be cleared of snow relies on two designations: critical and sector. The weekend blizzard tested the plan. New York City Sanitation Dept's failure to plow many of streets in Queens in wake of snowstorm is result of new blueprint adopted by department to handle plowing city's streets; many residents of borough have reacted with outrage and accused Mayor Bill de Blasio's administration of ignoring them in favor of Manhattan and other boroughs.

About 200 fake books — or blooks — are on display at the Grolier Club in a show that appears to be the first of its kind in the United States. About 200 fake books — or blooks — are on display at the Grolier Club in a show that appears to be the first of its kind in the United States. Art collector and librarian Mindell Dubansky shares collection of book-looks or blooks, which are items that appear to look like books, in exhibit Blooks: The Art of Books That Aren't at Grolier Club. 

New York Times political reporters share what they watched during the last face-off before the Iowa caucuses on Monday. New York Times political reporters share what they watched during the last face-off before the Iowa caucuses on Monday. 

A Chinese national crawled in Iowa fields to get seed corn for a Beijing company. A Chinese national crawled in Iowa fields to get seed corn for a Beijing company. 

The Australian port operator Qube and three partners on Thursday offered about $6.3 billion for Asciano, which said it still favored another bid. The Australian port operator Qube and three partners on Thursday offered about $6.3 billion for Asciano, which said it still favored another bid. 

Germany’s biggest bank affirmed the $7.4 billion full-year loss it had previewed last week, and it said that management and shareholders would share the pain. Germany’s biggest bank affirmed the $7.4 billion full-year loss it had previewed last week, and it said that management and shareholders would share the pain. 

New York’s cultural sector is still more diverse than arts institutions on the national level, according to a survey released by the city’s Cultural Affairs Department. New York’s cultural sector is still more diverse than arts institutions on the national level, according to a survey released by the city’s Cultural Affairs Department. Dept of Cultural Affairs survey finds arts organizations across New York City do not represent demographic diversity of area and announces efforts to improve situation. 

This large-cast elegy from the experimental companies Mabou Mines and Trick Saddle mingles Molière with more recent memories. This large-cast elegy from the experimental companies Mabou Mines and Trick Saddle mingles Molière with more recent memories. Laura Collins-Hughes reviews Mabou Mines and Trick Saddle production Imagining the Imaginary Invalid, adapted by Jenny Rogers from Moliere play The Imaginary Invalid, at La MaMa; Clove Galilee directs and Marylouise Burke stars.

This luxury performance sedan is, on average, 200 pounds lighter than the outgoing model, with a bonded and riveted aluminum platform instead of steel. This luxury performance sedan is, on average, 200 pounds lighter than the outgoing model, with a bonded and riveted aluminum platform instead of steel. Driven column review of 2016 Jaguar XF.

A roundup of recent classical recordings, featuring musicians like the pianist Ingrid Andsnes and Third Coast Percussion. A roundup of recent classical recordings, featuring musicians like the pianist Ingrid Andsnes and Third Coast Percussion. 

In a cruel manipulation, a film director casts his wife opposite the actor friend he believes she is enamored with. In a cruel manipulation, a film director casts his wife opposite the actor friend he believes she is enamored with. Laura Collins-Hughs reviews Birdland Theater production of Brendan Gall play Wide Awake Hearts, directed by Stefan Dzeparoski and starring Clea Alsip, Ben Cole and Tony Naumovski, at 59E59 Theaters.

 Hillary Clinton staked out her position as the lone defender of the Affordable Care Act on Saturday night, warning that her Democratic rival, Senator Bernie Sanders, would scrap it and start over and that Republicans would hand healthcare back to insurers and drug-makers. Hillary Clinton staked out her position as the lone defender of the Affordable Care Act on Saturday night, warning that her Democratic rival, Senator Bernie Sanders, would scrap it and start over and that Republicans would hand healthcare back to insurers and drug-makers.

 A rally and concert at the University of Iowa raises awareness, and the roof. A rally and concert at the University of Iowa raises awareness, and the roof.

 A Bloomberg-sponsored poll delivered some sour news about Michael R. Bloomberg himself: Few Iowa voters like him as he weighs a third party White House run. A Bloomberg-sponsored poll delivered some sour news about Michael R. Bloomberg himself: Few Iowa voters like him as he weighs a third party White House run.

Myanmar’s newly democratic government has banned the export of raw timber, to help fight deforestation. But that has idled thousands of the elephants that toil in the logging industry. Myanmar’s newly democratic government has banned the export of raw timber, to help fight deforestation. But that has idled thousands of the elephants that toil in the logging industry. 

Laverne Cox, Kiernan Shipka and Ellie Kemper were among the celebrities walking the carpet at the awards ceremony on Saturday evening. Laverne Cox, Kiernan Shipka and Ellie Kemper were among the celebrities walking the carpet at the awards ceremony on Saturday evening. 

Kate Winslet, Alicia Vikander and Brie Larson were among the celebrities walking the carpet at the awards ceremony on Saturday evening. Kate Winslet, Alicia Vikander and Brie Larson were among the celebrities walking the carpet at the awards ceremony on Saturday evening. 

 The respected Des Moines Register poll found that Donald J. Trump had widened his lead against Senator Ted Cruz in Iowa. The respected Des Moines Register poll found that Donald J. Trump had widened his lead against Senator Ted Cruz in Iowa.

 Yaakov Bendavid returns with a message for all of us. Yaakov Bendavid returns with a message for all of us.

 Iowa’s secretary of state chastised the presidential campaign of Senator Ted Cruz on Saturday for sending a mailer that he said violated “the spirit of the Iowa caucuses” and misrepresented state election law. Iowa’s secretary of state chastised the presidential campaign of Senator Ted Cruz on Saturday for sending a mailer that he said violated “the spirit of the Iowa caucuses” and misrepresented state election law.

 At the outset at a rally in Dubuque, Iowa, Mr. Trump offered to keep children happy after waiting more than an hour in a chilly airport hangar by letting them board his plane. At the outset at a rally in Dubuque, Iowa, Mr. Trump offered to keep children happy after waiting more than an hour in a chilly airport hangar by letting them board his plane.

 The New York mayor sought to emphasize Hillary Clinton’s foreign policy know-how, a slight shift from his usual focus on social issues, in his remarks at a canvassing event in Des Moines. The New York mayor sought to emphasize Hillary Clinton’s foreign policy know-how, a slight shift from his usual focus on social issues, in his remarks at a canvassing event in Des Moines.

 “The Republican Party is my vehicle, but it has never been my master,” Mr. Kasich said as he wooed middle-of-the road voters in New Hampshire while his opponents scoured Iowa for last-minute converts. “The Republican Party is my vehicle, but it has never been my master,” Mr. Kasich said as he wooed middle-of-the road voters in New Hampshire while his opponents scoured Iowa for last-minute converts.

 Aides to Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders said the campaigns were working on details for holding a debate in New Hampshire next week and three more after that. Aides to Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders said the campaigns were working on details for holding a debate in New Hampshire next week and three more after that.

With the caucus on the horizon, the presidential candidates blanketed the state with events. With the caucus on the horizon, the presidential candidates blanketed the state with events. 

Shrinking forests and a ban on raw timber exports have left an uncertain future for Myanmar’s 5,500 or so pachyderms in captivity. Shrinking forests and a ban on raw timber exports have left an uncertain future for Myanmar’s 5,500 or so pachyderms in captivity. 

 A Hillary Clinton supporter whose brother-in-law, uninsured until the Affordable Care Act, died of cancer, asked Senator Ted Cruz what he would replace the law with if he dismantled it. A Hillary Clinton supporter whose brother-in-law, uninsured until the Affordable Care Act, died of cancer, asked Senator Ted Cruz what he would replace the law with if he dismantled it.

 Will Shortz returns with a Spiral variety puzzle. Will Shortz returns with a Spiral variety puzzle.

Saturday’s snow storm led to the inevitable parade of businessmen in leather shoes jumping over puddles. Saturday’s snow storm led to the inevitable parade of businessmen in leather shoes jumping over puddles. 

 Chuck Hagel said he would be likely to back an independent president bid by Michael R. Bloomberg if Republicans nominate a candidate he considers unacceptable. Chuck Hagel said he would be likely to back an independent president bid by Michael R. Bloomberg if Republicans nominate a candidate he considers unacceptable.

 How did you do on the “A Little Variety” puzzles? How did you do on the “A Little Variety” puzzles?

 Hillary Clinton will spend her last Saturday before the Iowa caucuses hitting Bernie Sanders, her rival for the Democratic nomination, on an issue that could potentially hurt him the most. Hillary Clinton will spend her last Saturday before the Iowa caucuses hitting Bernie Sanders, her rival for the Democratic nomination, on an issue that could potentially hurt him the most.

Corrections appearing in print on Saturday, January 30, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Saturday, January 30, 2016. 

Quotation of the Day for Saturday, January 30, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Saturday, January 30, 2016. 

“The Great Escape” is on TV, or you can opt for “Dateline,” “Cops,” “Sex Sent Me to the E.­R.” or the Wes Anderson film “Rushmore. “The Great Escape” is on TV, or you can opt for “Dateline,” “Cops,” “Sex Sent Me to the E.­R.” or the Wes Anderson film “Rushmore. 

Second baseman Neil Walker agreed to a one-year, $10.55 million contract with the Mets. Second baseman Neil Walker agreed to a one-year, $10.55 million contract with the Mets. New York Mets sign second baseman Neil Walker to one-year, $10.55 million contract; other pro baseball news noted. 

Evgenia Medvedeva won a gold medal in her debut at the European figure skating championships in Bratislava, Slovakia. Evgenia Medvedeva won a gold medal in her debut at the European figure skating championships in Bratislava, Slovakia. Evgenia Medvedeva wins gold medal at her European figure skating championships debut in Bratislava, Slovakia.

Brian Kelly agreed to a six-year contract to remain as coach at Notre Dame through the 2021 season. Brian Kelly agreed to a six-year contract to remain as coach at Notre Dame through the 2021 season. Brian Kelly agrees to six-year contract to remain as head football coach at Notre Dame.

Maodo Lo had 16 points, 6 rebounds and 5 steals, and visiting Columbia (14-6, 3-0) stayed undefeated in Ivy League play with a 77-60 win over Dartmouth (7-10, 1-2). Maodo Lo had 16 points, 6 rebounds and 5 steals, and visiting Columbia (14-6, 3-0) stayed undefeated in Ivy League play with a 77-60 win over Dartmouth (7-10, 1-2). Columbia beats Dartmouth, 77-60; other college basketball scores noted.

The International Olympic Committee advised national Olympic committees on Friday to follow the World Health Organization’s guidance on dealing with the Zika virus in preparation for the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro in August. The International Olympic Committee advised national Olympic committees on Friday to follow the World Health Organization’s guidance on dealing with the Zika virus in preparation for the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro in August. International Olympic Committee recommends national Olympic committees adhere to World Health Organization guidelines regarding Zika virus ahead of 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.

The transfer bans imposed on Real Madrid and Atlético Madrid have been suspended until the appeals process is completed, according to FIFA, soccer’s world governing body. The transfer bans imposed on Real Madrid and Atlético Madrid have been suspended until the appeals process is completed, according to FIFA, soccer’s world governing body. FIFA says transfer bans imposed on Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid for rules violations will be suspended until appeals process is completed; other soccer news noted.

WAGMAN--Fredrica Barris, on January 27, 2016. Beloved mother of Joel, James, Nela, Mary, and the late Nancy, and beloved wife of the late Howard Wagman. Mother- in-law to Mina, Anne Landsman, and Steven Wein, sister of Chuck and sister-in-law Mary Barris. Author of five published novels, numerous stories-unique, creative, talented and loving, she will be greatly missed by family and cherished friends. With her husband Howard, in Philadelphia, she was a founding member of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, and an active supporter of Project HOME. Graveside services will be held at Roosevelt Memorial Park, Friday at 2:15pm, after which family and friends will be welcome at the home of Joel Wagman. www.levinefuneral.com 1/3 WAGMAN--Fredrica Barris, on January 27, 2016. Beloved mother of Joel, James, Nela, Mary, and the late Nancy, and beloved wife of the late Howard Wagman. Mother- in-law to Mina, Anne Landsman, and Steven Wein, sister of Chuck and sister-in-law Mary Barris. Author of five published novels, numerous stories-unique, creative, talented and loving, she will be greatly missed by family and cherished friends. With her husband Howard, in Philadelphia, she was a founding member of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, and an active supporter of Project HOME. Graveside services will be held at Roosevelt Memorial Park, Friday at 2:15pm, after which family and friends will be welcome at the home of Joel Wagman. www.levinefuneral.com 1/3 

SOMMER--Evelyn M.,91, on January 27, 2016. She worked full-time as a patent attorney for over 60 years, until 10 days before her death. Devoted to her husband of 57 years, Rudolph Sommer, who predeceased her. She leaves three children, Peter Sommer, Cathy Iselin, and Tim Sommer, as well as three grandchildren, Adele, John, and Lucy. Graveside service 2pm, Sunday, January 31, at Spring Grove Cemetery in Darien, CT. Donations may be made in her memory to Cambridge Friends School Playscape, Cambridge Friends School, 5 Cadbury Road, Cambridge, MA 02140. 1/3 SOMMER--Evelyn M.,91, on January 27, 2016. She worked full-time as a patent attorney for over 60 years, until 10 days before her death. Devoted to her husband of 57 years, Rudolph Sommer, who predeceased her. She leaves three children, Peter Sommer, Cathy Iselin, and Tim Sommer, as well as three grandchildren, Adele, John, and Lucy. Graveside service 2pm, Sunday, January 31, at Spring Grove Cemetery in Darien, CT. Donations may be made in her memory to Cambridge Friends School Playscape, Cambridge Friends School, 5 Cadbury Road, Cambridge, MA 02140. 1/3 

GILBERT--Elaine. Elaine Caplan Gilbert, 89, on January 27, 2016. Beloved of the late Marvin (Bud) Gilbert; cherished mother of Scott (Anne) and Glen (Beth); adored grandmother of Daniel (Leah), Sarah (Zach), David, Rebecca (Scott) and Samantha; loving great-grandmother of Natalia; dear sister of Joan Cohen. A vivacious woman of great beauty and charm, she will forever be in our hearts. Graveside services to be held at Mt. Hebron Cemetery, Flushing, NY on January 31 at 11am. Contributions in Elaine's memory may be made to the Alzheimer's Association, 2900 Westchester Ave., Purchase, NY 10577. 1/3 GILBERT--Elaine. Elaine Caplan Gilbert, 89, on January 27, 2016. Beloved of the late Marvin (Bud) Gilbert; cherished mother of Scott (Anne) and Glen (Beth); adored grandmother of Daniel (Leah), Sarah (Zach), David, Rebecca (Scott) and Samantha; loving great-grandmother of Natalia; dear sister of Joan Cohen. A vivacious woman of great beauty and charm, she will forever be in our hearts. Graveside services to be held at Mt. Hebron Cemetery, Flushing, NY on January 31 at 11am. Contributions in Elaine's memory may be made to the Alzheimer's Association, 2900 Westchester Ave., Purchase, NY 10577. 1/3 

BECK--Joel Isaac, born in Buffalo, NY to Seymore and Marcel Beck. Received his PhD and taught philosophy at the University of Chicago. He was the Residence Director at The Bridge, NYC, 11 years. Beloved therapist, supervisor, teacher, writer. Survived by his children, Katrina and Sam, sister Beth and four grandchildren. His contribution to psychoanalysis and philosophy will continue in the lives he touched. Service 2pm Sunday at "The Riverside" 76 Street and Amsterdam Avenue. 1/3 BECK--Joel Isaac, born in Buffalo, NY to Seymore and Marcel Beck. Received his PhD and taught philosophy at the University of Chicago. He was the Residence Director at The Bridge, NYC, 11 years. Beloved therapist, supervisor, teacher, writer. Survived by his children, Katrina and Sam, sister Beth and four grandchildren. His contribution to psychoanalysis and philosophy will continue in the lives he touched. Service 2pm Sunday at "The Riverside" 76 Street and Amsterdam Avenue. 1/3 

SMITH--Howard. NYU Lutheran's board and staff are deeply saddened by the passing of chair emeritus Howard Smith. As chairman of Lutheran Medical Center and Augustana Center from 1966 until 2004, Smith, who died Thursday at age 85, left an indelible legacy on southwest Brooklyn. With his friend New York City Mayor John Lindsay and the American Lutheran Church, Mr. Smith brokered the 1977 expansion and relocation of Lutheran Medical Center from 4th Avenue and 46th Street to its present location, a former warehouse at 55th Street and 2nd Avenue in Sunset Park. He facilitated the creation of the Sunset Park Family Health Center, now called NYU Lutheran Family Health Centers, the second largest federally qualified health center network in the nation. He created a lasting financial foundation for Lutheran through Health Plus, an innovative government-sponsored insurance program for low-income residents. Lutheran's sale of Health Plus to Amerigroup in 2011 created an endowment that continues to help modernize the health system. Mr. Smith, a lifelong Brooklyn resident, was chairman emeritus of the United Hospital Fund, former president of the Brooklyn Public Library Board of Trustees, and past vice president and director of the Brooklyn Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Smith received a bachelor's in chemical engineering from Princeton University and served in the U.S. Army. He served 40 years as president of Virginia Dare Extract Company, which was founded by his grandfather Bernard, and was a former director of Dime Savings Bank of New York before it merged with Washington Mutual in 2002. He is predeceased by his wife, Elsie, and survived by his three children, Howard Jr., Jean, and Lilla, and grandchildren. NYU Lutheran mourns as we celebrate Mr. Smith's life and legacy. A wake will be held at Clavin Funeral Home, 7722 4th Ave., Brooklyn, on Tuesday, February 2, at 4-8pm. Services will be held at the Lutheran Church of the Good Shepherd, 7420 4th Ave., Brooklyn, on Wednesday, February 3, at 10 am. 1/3 SMITH--Howard. NYU Lutheran's board and staff are deeply saddened by the passing of chair emeritus Howard Smith. As chairman of Lutheran Medical Center and Augustana Center from 1966 until 2004, Smith, who died Thursday at age 85, left an indelible legacy on southwest Brooklyn. With his friend New York City Mayor John Lindsay and the American Lutheran Church, Mr. Smith brokered the 1977 expansion and relocation of Lutheran Medical Center from 4th Avenue and 46th Street to its present location, a former warehouse at 55th Street and 2nd Avenue in Sunset Park. He facilitated the creation of the Sunset Park Family Health Center, now called NYU Lutheran Family Health Centers, the second largest federally qualified health center network in the nation. He created a lasting financial foundation for Lutheran through Health Plus, an innovative government-sponsored insurance program for low-income residents. Lutheran's sale of Health Plus to Amerigroup in 2011 created an endowment that continues to help modernize the health system. Mr. Smith, a lifelong Brooklyn resident, was chairman emeritus of the United Hospital Fund, former president of the Brooklyn Public Library Board of Trustees, and past vice president and director of the Brooklyn Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Smith received a bachelor's in chemical engineering from Princeton University and served in the U.S. Army. He served 40 years as president of Virginia Dare Extract Company, which was founded by his grandfather Bernard, and was a former director of Dime Savings Bank of New York before it merged with Washington Mutual in 2002. He is predeceased by his wife, Elsie, and survived by his three children, Howard Jr., Jean, and Lilla, and grandchildren. NYU Lutheran mourns as we celebrate Mr. Smith's life and legacy. A wake will be held at Clavin Funeral Home, 7722 4th Ave., Brooklyn, on Tuesday, February 2, at 4-8pm. Services will be held at the Lutheran Church of the Good Shepherd, 7420 4th Ave., Brooklyn, on Wednesday, February 3, at 10 am. 1/3 

KIBEL--Henry. After 96 years of laughing, loving, shouting, learning, teaching, and building, Henry, the beloved patriarch of the Kibel family, passed away peacefully Wednesday night surrounded by family and friends. Henry created a wonderful life for his family and for the many others who benefited from his generosity. He graduated from Stuyvesant High School, William & Mary College and Yale University School of Architecture. He was a naval officer in the South Pacific during World War II. Henry was an architect, a builder and an artist. He built thousands of apartments in New York City. Every part of the development process carried his imprint. Henry was a master of making things-creating gave him joy. Whether he was building an apartment tower or creating illustrations that accompany the recipes of the renowned chef Andre Soltner's cookbook, Henry's passion never stopped. In addition to the building legacy he created, Henry was, in his own words, the inventor of important things: the 12" kitchen cabinet and innovative real estate advertising- including the successful campaign for 85 John Street, 'featuring lousy views and flushing toilets.' The fancy suspender companies will sorely miss Henry, who supported their industry and whose industry supported his pants. Although he oversalted everything, he managed to live to 96. On second thought, his memory was not so great for the last 10 years, so maybe the salt was not so good. Henry is survived by his sister, three children, eight grandchildren, and many nephews and nieces. The funeral will be held on Friday, January 29 at 11:30am at Frank Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue. We will sorely miss him. The Kibel and Levenson Families 1/3 KIBEL--Henry. After 96 years of laughing, loving, shouting, learning, teaching, and building, Henry, the beloved patriarch of the Kibel family, passed away peacefully Wednesday night surrounded by family and friends. Henry created a wonderful life for his family and for the many others who benefited from his generosity. He graduated from Stuyvesant High School, William & Mary College and Yale University School of Architecture. He was a naval officer in the South Pacific during World War II. Henry was an architect, a builder and an artist. He built thousands of apartments in New York City. Every part of the development process carried his imprint. Henry was a master of making things-creating gave him joy. Whether he was building an apartment tower or creating illustrations that accompany the recipes of the renowned chef Andre Soltner's cookbook, Henry's passion never stopped. In addition to the building legacy he created, Henry was, in his own words, the inventor of important things: the 12" kitchen cabinet and innovative real estate advertising- including the successful campaign for 85 John Street, 'featuring lousy views and flushing toilets.' The fancy suspender companies will sorely miss Henry, who supported their industry and whose industry supported his pants. Although he oversalted everything, he managed to live to 96. On second thought, his memory was not so great for the last 10 years, so maybe the salt was not so good. Henry is survived by his sister, three children, eight grandchildren, and many nephews and nieces. The funeral will be held on Friday, January 29 at 11:30am at Frank Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue. We will sorely miss him. The Kibel and Levenson Families 1/3 

MURPHY--Hon. Francis T.,died peacefully on January 27, 2016 at the age of 88 surrounded by his family. He was married to his beloved Sheila Theresa for 55 wonderful years before her death on September 28, 2014. He is survived by their five children, Timothy F. Murphy and his wife, Pamela; Eileen and her husband, Jeffrey Forsyth; Kathleen and her husband, Lance Scott; Sheila and her husband, Michael Sproule; Annemarie and her husband, Kevin Casey; and his sister Irene McInerney. He was a loving grandfather to Casey, Kaitlyn, Timothy, Matthew, Sean, Patrick, Michael, Brendan, Megan and Liam. After being honorably discharged from the U.S. Navy after World War II, he graduated from Fordham University and New York Law School. A member of the New York judiciary for 40 years, he served 15 years as a trial judge and 25 years as a Justice of the Appellate Division First Department, with the last 20 years as the Court's Presiding Justice. When he left the Court, he joined the New York law firm of Kelley, Drye and Warren as Of Counsel. Throughout his career Judge Murphy was an ardent supporter of providing full legal services and justice to the underprivileged and incarcerated. A gracious man with a generous heart and strong religious beliefs, he took counsel only from his own conscience. The loves of Tim's life were his wife, Sheila, his family, his friends and his life in the law. Friends may call on Sunday, January, 31 from 2 to 4pm and 6 to 8pm at Graham Funeral Home, 1036 Boston Post Road, Rye, NY. Mass of Christian burial will be celebrated at Our Lady of Perpetual Help, 575 Fowler Avenue, Pelham Manor, NY on Monday, February 1 at 10am. Interment at St. Raymond's Cemetery. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made in Judge Murphy's name to The Province of St. Mary (for the work of the Capuchin Franciscan Friars) at 210 West 31st Street, New York, NY 10001 or donate online at: www.capuchin.org 1/3 MURPHY--Hon. Francis T.,died peacefully on January 27, 2016 at the age of 88 surrounded by his family. He was married to his beloved Sheila Theresa for 55 wonderful years before her death on September 28, 2014. He is survived by their five children, Timothy F. Murphy and his wife, Pamela; Eileen and her husband, Jeffrey Forsyth; Kathleen and her husband, Lance Scott; Sheila and her husband, Michael Sproule; Annemarie and her husband, Kevin Casey; and his sister Irene McInerney. He was a loving grandfather to Casey, Kaitlyn, Timothy, Matthew, Sean, Patrick, Michael, Brendan, Megan and Liam. After being honorably discharged from the U.S. Navy after World War II, he graduated from Fordham University and New York Law School. A member of the New York judiciary for 40 years, he served 15 years as a trial judge and 25 years as a Justice of the Appellate Division First Department, with the last 20 years as the Court's Presiding Justice. When he left the Court, he joined the New York law firm of Kelley, Drye and Warren as Of Counsel. Throughout his career Judge Murphy was an ardent supporter of providing full legal services and justice to the underprivileged and incarcerated. A gracious man with a generous heart and strong religious beliefs, he took counsel only from his own conscience. The loves of Tim's life were his wife, Sheila, his family, his friends and his life in the law. Friends may call on Sunday, January, 31 from 2 to 4pm and 6 to 8pm at Graham Funeral Home, 1036 Boston Post Road, Rye, NY. Mass of Christian burial will be celebrated at Our Lady of Perpetual Help, 575 Fowler Avenue, Pelham Manor, NY on Monday, February 1 at 10am. Interment at St. Raymond's Cemetery. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made in Judge Murphy's name to The Province of St. Mary (for the work of the Capuchin Franciscan Friars) at 210 West 31st Street, New York, NY 10001 or donate online at: www.capuchin.org 1/3 

EBEL--Ruth, 89, of Verona, NJ passed away at her home on Tuesday, January 26, 2016. Born in Newark, NJ, Ms. Ebel was the first female buyer at Bambergers and eventually a Vice President of Macy's. She was a longtime member of Temple Sholom of West Essex. Ms. Ebel is survived by her cousins Ruth and Morris Pilberg, of Los Angeles, California, their daughters Aileen Winter, Jeannette Jackson and Marilyn Mandel, her cousin Robert Gutworth, of Highland Park, New Jersey, his sons Frank and Philip, and daughter Michelle Sass, and cousins David and Hanna Mushinsky, of Tel-Aviv, Israel. Donations may be made in her name to Hadassah, Susan B. Komen, Temple Sholom of West Essex, or PBS. 1/3 EBEL--Ruth, 89, of Verona, NJ passed away at her home on Tuesday, January 26, 2016. Born in Newark, NJ, Ms. Ebel was the first female buyer at Bambergers and eventually a Vice President of Macy's. She was a longtime member of Temple Sholom of West Essex. Ms. Ebel is survived by her cousins Ruth and Morris Pilberg, of Los Angeles, California, their daughters Aileen Winter, Jeannette Jackson and Marilyn Mandel, her cousin Robert Gutworth, of Highland Park, New Jersey, his sons Frank and Philip, and daughter Michelle Sass, and cousins David and Hanna Mushinsky, of Tel-Aviv, Israel. Donations may be made in her name to Hadassah, Susan B. Komen, Temple Sholom of West Essex, or PBS. 1/3 

PELL--Beatrice Lynette (nee Harber), 95, of Somers, NY, died peacefully in her sleep on January 28, 2016. She is survived by Leonard Pell, her devoted husband of 74 years, dear sister Ruth Drucker (Bernard Gross) of Fort Lee, NJ, beloved children JoAnn Pearlman (Neil) of Somers, NY, Diane Maude Brossoie of Montross, Virginia, and Owen Pell (Pearl) of New York City, and cherished grandchildren and great-grandchildren Seth Pearlman (Jamie), Melissa Miller (Jonathan), James Brossoie, Jason Harris, Nathan Pell, Adam Pell, and Samantha Pearlman, Michelle Pearlman, Maxwell Miller, David Miller, and Alaric Puebla. Bea's energy, intelligence, humor and zest for life were apparent to all who knew her. Her family and friends will miss her deeply, and remember her with great love and affection. Services will be held at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 21 West Broad Street, Mount Vernon, NY on Sunday, January 31, 2016 at 10:00am. 1/3 PELL--Beatrice Lynette (nee Harber), 95, of Somers, NY, died peacefully in her sleep on January 28, 2016. She is survived by Leonard Pell, her devoted husband of 74 years, dear sister Ruth Drucker (Bernard Gross) of Fort Lee, NJ, beloved children JoAnn Pearlman (Neil) of Somers, NY, Diane Maude Brossoie of Montross, Virginia, and Owen Pell (Pearl) of New York City, and cherished grandchildren and great-grandchildren Seth Pearlman (Jamie), Melissa Miller (Jonathan), James Brossoie, Jason Harris, Nathan Pell, Adam Pell, and Samantha Pearlman, Michelle Pearlman, Maxwell Miller, David Miller, and Alaric Puebla. Bea's energy, intelligence, humor and zest for life were apparent to all who knew her. Her family and friends will miss her deeply, and remember her with great love and affection. Services will be held at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 21 West Broad Street, Mount Vernon, NY on Sunday, January 31, 2016 at 10:00am. 1/3 

SMITH--Jeri Binder, of New York City, mother and actress, dies at 91 peacefully at home, surrounded by love. She was an extraordinary woman and will be deeply missed! Jeri had a long career in show business, culminating at age 89 with her unforgettable Esurance commercial. Jeri was a devoted mother to her three daughters, Marla, Andrea, and Pamela and to their husbands. She is also survived by five loving grandchildren, her sister and her three nieces. Following a private graveside service, the family will observe Shiva on Sunday, January 31 at Jeri's apartment in New York City from 5-8pm and on Monday, February 1 at the home of Pamela Fisher in Mahwah, NJ from 4-8pm. 1/3 SMITH--Jeri Binder, of New York City, mother and actress, dies at 91 peacefully at home, surrounded by love. She was an extraordinary woman and will be deeply missed! Jeri had a long career in show business, culminating at age 89 with her unforgettable Esurance commercial. Jeri was a devoted mother to her three daughters, Marla, Andrea, and Pamela and to their husbands. She is also survived by five loving grandchildren, her sister and her three nieces. Following a private graveside service, the family will observe Shiva on Sunday, January 31 at Jeri's apartment in New York City from 5-8pm and on Monday, February 1 at the home of Pamela Fisher in Mahwah, NJ from 4-8pm. 1/3 

DEUTSCH--David. Happy Birthday David. Beloved husband, father, brother, uncle and papa. We love you so much and miss you every second of every day. 1/3 DEUTSCH--David. Happy Birthday David. Beloved husband, father, brother, uncle and papa. We love you so much and miss you every second of every day. 1/3 

SMITH--Jeri. Congregation Shaaray Tefila records with deep sorrow the death of our longtime cherished member. Heartfelt condolences are extended to her daughters, Marla, Andrea and Pamela. May God comfort their loved ones and may Jeri's memory be for blessing. Rabbi Deborah A. Hirsch Michael Starr, President 1/3 SMITH--Jeri. Congregation Shaaray Tefila records with deep sorrow the death of our longtime cherished member. Heartfelt condolences are extended to her daughters, Marla, Andrea and Pamela. May God comfort their loved ones and may Jeri's memory be for blessing. Rabbi Deborah A. Hirsch Michael Starr, President 1/3 

The best-selling sports books in December 2015, according to the New York Times best-seller list. The best-selling sports books in December 2015, according to the New York Times best-seller list. 

The Knicks’ victory over the Phoenix Suns was just the sort of carefree, feel-good game they needed before they face a stern test at home Sunday night against the Golden State Warriors. The Knicks’ victory over the Phoenix Suns was just the sort of carefree, feel-good game they needed before they face a stern test at home Sunday night against the Golden State Warriors. New York Knicks defeat Phoenix Suns, 102-84.

The leader of the occupation of a wildlife refuge, the first of 10 defendants to appear before a judge in Oregon, was ordered to remain in custody. The leader of the occupation of a wildlife refuge, the first of 10 defendants to appear before a judge in Oregon, was ordered to remain in custody. 

The de Blasio administration took issue with a report saying that the majority of city elementary schools are not fully accessible to disabled people. The de Blasio administration took issue with a report saying that the majority of city elementary schools are not fully accessible to disabled people. New York City education officials reject findings of two-year federal investigation stating overwhelming majority of city schools are not fully accessible to disabled children; say report by office of United States Atty Preet Bharara mischaracterizes number and geographic distribution of city's accessible schools.

The difference between the Bundys and the many other ranchers who rage over federal control of land is that they believe God is on their side. The difference between the Bundys and the many other ranchers who rage over federal control of land is that they believe God is on their side. Op-Ed article by Betsy Gaines Quammen describes 2015 visit to family of Cliven Bundy in Nevada in order to research history of Mormon culture and use of public land; notes two members of Bundy family were responsible for armed occupation of Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon; observes Bundy family differs from other ranchers angered by federal control of land in that Bundys believe God, and not just Constitution, are on their side.

The governor’s proposal to give New York State more control over funding affordable housing projects, city officials said, would create delays and red tape. The governor’s proposal to give New York State more control over funding affordable housing projects, city officials said, would create delays and red tape. New York City officials criticize move by New York Gov Andrew M Cuomo to exert greater state control over financing of affordable housing; say changes will stand in way of city efforts to formulate and execute housing plan that is aimed at assisting greater number of low-income city residents. 

Republicans have a choice of so many good targets to send packing. Republicans have a choice of so many good targets to send packing. Gail Collins Op-Ed column assesses state of race for Republican presidential nomination in advance of Iowa caucuses; expresses hope that Iowans boot Sen Ted Cruz out of race, but acknowledges eventual outcome is likely that someone truly unsuitable will win and no one will drop out of GOP race.

Kevin Love scored 29 points as Cleveland rolled to another high-scoring win, 114-106, over the Detroit Pistons. Kevin Love scored 29 points as Cleveland rolled to another high-scoring win, 114-106, over the Detroit Pistons. NBA Roundup; Dallas Mavericks defeat Brooklyn Nets, 91-79; other pro basketball scores noted.

Mr. Bowie left his SoHo apartment in Manhattan to his widow, Iman Abdulmajid Jones, and divided the bulk of his estate among her and his two children. Mr. Bowie left his SoHo apartment in Manhattan to his widow, Iman Abdulmajid Jones, and divided the bulk of his estate among her and his two children. David Bowie's will is filed in Manhattan Court, outlining estate worth some $100 million. 

It’s alarming that the Chinese government would ignore international borders to pursue its perceived enemies. It’s alarming that the Chinese government would ignore international borders to pursue its perceived enemies. Editorial highlights cases of Chinese journalist Li Xix and Hong Kong book publisher Gui Minhai, whose friends and families say they were abducted in Thailand by Chinese agents, as example of Chinese government's ruthless crackdown on dissent; expresses alarm that China feels comfortable with violating international norms, and borders, and help Thailand apparently offered China; calls on United States and international community to speak out about China's escalating violations of human rights.

In opposing the renaming of a plaza in Lower Manhattan, lawyers pointed to rules that restrict such commemorations to individuals, organizations and cultural works. In opposing the renaming of a plaza in Lower Manhattan, lawyers pointed to rules that restrict such commemorations to individuals, organizations and cultural works. New York City Council opposes plan to rename portion of Bowling Green in Lower Manhattan to commemorate Evacuation Day; now-obscure holiday, marking departure of British forces following Revolutionary War, was city's most widely celebrated in 19th century.  

The authorities said Tareena Shakil, who went with her young son to Syria to become a “jihadi bride” but returned to Britain, was the first British woman convicted of joining the militants. The authorities said Tareena Shakil, who went with her young son to Syria to become a “jihadi bride” but returned to Britain, was the first British woman convicted of joining the militants. 

The Tar Heels are off to their best league start in 15 years, hardly a surprise for a team that was ranked No. 1 nationally in the preseason and picked to win the league title. The Tar Heels are off to their best league start in 15 years, hardly a surprise for a team that was ranked No. 1 nationally in the preseason and picked to win the league title. 

Ms. Chouteau, a former principal dancer of the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo, was one of five celebrated Native American dancers from Oklahoma. Ms. Chouteau, a former principal dancer of the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo, was one of five celebrated Native American dancers from Oklahoma. Yvonne Chouteau, one of Oklahoma's celebrated Native American dancers known as the 'Five Moons,' and former principal dancer of Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo, dies at age 86.

Hunting pheasant in Iowa, Eric and Don Trump try to show there&#8217;s an authentic middle-American relatability beneath the father&#8217;s plutocratic exterior. Hunting pheasant in Iowa, Eric and Don Trump try to show there&#8217;s an authentic middle-American relatability beneath the father&#8217;s plutocratic exterior. Reporter's Notebook describes pheasant hunting expedition in  which Donald and Eric Trump, sons of Donald J Trump, joined Iowa Gov Terry Brandstad's son Marcus at High Prairie Farms, a 1,300-acre bird habitat.

The terms of the proposal call for the island&#8217;s creditors to exchange the debt they now hold for two new classes of bonds that would delay payments of principal and interest. The terms of the proposal call for the island&#8217;s creditors to exchange the debt they now hold for two new classes of bonds that would delay payments of principal and interest. Puerto Rican officials meet with creditors and propose broad program to slow debt payments; delay would give government cash to provide services while it restores economic growth; commonwealth wants to convince Congress of its good intention to pay back debt in hopes of receiving more help from Washington.

The team will continue to negotiate with local officials on a new facility to replace aging Qualcomm Stadium, but the door remained open for a move to Los Angeles to share a stadium with the Rams. The team will continue to negotiate with local officials on a new facility to replace aging Qualcomm Stadium, but the door remained open for a move to Los Angeles to share a stadium with the Rams. NFL Roundup; San Diego Chargers opt to stay in San Diego, Calif, for 2016 season, giving franchise more time to negotiate potential new stadium deal with St Louis Rams in Inglewood, Calif; other pro football news noted.

The Zika epidemic has spread much faster than science&#8217;s understanding of it. The Zika epidemic has spread much faster than science&#8217;s understanding of it. Zika virus is spreading at unprecedented rate in Brazil, stunning doctors and leaving even most experienced among them scrambling as birth defects surge; researchers believe as many as 1.5 million people have been infected in Brazil since 2014, and say virus has spread to more than 20 countries and territories in Americas.

After falling during each of the past three seasons, the numbers spiked, leaving the N.F.L.&#8217;s medical community to determine the reason. After falling during each of the past three seasons, the numbers spiked, leaving the N.F.L.&#8217;s medical community to determine the reason. National Football League says number of concussions diagnosed in 2015 increased by 31.6 percent to 271, compared to 206 in 2014.

Not only are scientists still learning about Zika, but any vaccine must go through rigorous testing before it&#8217;s available to the public. Not only are scientists still learning about Zika, but any vaccine must go through rigorous testing before it&#8217;s available to the public. Disease experts warn it could be years, or even decade, before drug manufacturers develop vaccine for mosquito-borne Zika virus spreading across Americas; estimates show virus may infect as many as four million people by end of 2016.

Mrs. Clinton, who friends say turns to religion in difficult times, has recently seized opportunities to speak openly about her faith, including how it undergirds her politics. Mrs. Clinton, who friends say turns to religion in difficult times, has recently seized opportunities to speak openly about her faith, including how it undergirds her politics. Hillary Clinton has been seizing opportunities to speak about role Methodist faith has played in her life in advance of Iowa caucuses; Clinton's ease discussing her Christian faith surprises some voters and analysts, as it has rarely come up during her campaigning in past.

The announcement came days after a killing at a shelter in Harlem, where a man with a history of psychiatric issues is suspected of fatally stabbing a former teacher. The announcement came days after a killing at a shelter in Harlem, where a man with a history of psychiatric issues is suspected of fatally stabbing a former teacher. Officials for de Blasio administration unveil plans to shore up security at 27 homeless shelters, and hire additional medical staff to help identify mental illness among residents of such facilities; announcement follows string of attacks at city shelters and criticism of existing safety standards. 

The announcement was criticized by Israeli officials who said it would encourage the Palestinians not to negotiate seriously. The announcement was criticized by Israeli officials who said it would encourage the Palestinians not to negotiate seriously. France announces it will organize international conference aimed at bringing end to Israeli-Palestinian conflict and that it will recognize Palestinian statehood if undertaking fails.

Politico’s owner and the departing founders dismissed reports that tension among the organization’s leaders had led to the moves. Politico’s owner and the departing founders dismissed reports that tension among the organization’s leaders had led to the moves. Key Politico executives, including founders Jim VandeHei and John F Harris, announce they will leave company in coming months; Harris dismisses reports that tension between organization's leaders led to departures.

A polar explorer’s death raises a question: What does exploration mean today? A polar explorer’s death raises a question: What does exploration mean today? Op-Ed article by author David Roberts argues against dubbing Henry Worlsey, who died while trying to traverse Antarctica unsupported, one of great world explorers, despite momentous task he almost achieved; calls attention to true explorers abroad in world today, those exploring caves and underwater grottoes, as they truly are navigating areas that have never been mapped.

The recommendations include ways to defuse volatile encounters and sidestep violence, document and track the use of force, and, ultimately, restore trust in communities. The recommendations include ways to defuse volatile encounters and sidestep violence, document and track the use of force, and, ultimately, restore trust in communities. Police Executive Research Forum releases recommendations for changes to standard police practices at Washington, DC, event attended by around 200 law enforcement leaders from across country; proposed changes come at time when many questions have been raised about criminal justice system, particularly with respect to police shootings.

Derek F. Foran, a commercial litigator in San Francisco, had never worked on an abortion-related lawsuit, and his involvement has turned into a full-time job. Derek F. Foran, a commercial litigator in San Francisco, had never worked on an abortion-related lawsuit, and his involvement has turned into a full-time job. Profile of law firm Morrison & Foerster, who took case against Center for Medical Progress, anti-abortion group that released secretly recorded video it claimed showed Planned Parenthood official discussing the sale of fetal body parts.

A judge ruled that Ethan Couch should remain in custody for now at a juvenile detention center in Fort Worth, where he has been held since he was deported from Mexico. A judge ruled that Ethan Couch should remain in custody for now at a juvenile detention center in Fort Worth, where he has been held since he was deported from Mexico. Judge rules Ethan Couch, known as affluenza teenager due to unorthodox defense mounted in case against him for killing four people while driving drunk, will remain in juvenile detention center in Fort Worth, Tex; Couch faces hearing to determine if his case will be moved to adult system.

One of the largest rescues of pets in the history of the A.S.P.C.A. is being carried out in North Carolina, where 600 or more animals have been seized from a no-kill shelter. One of the largest rescues of pets in the history of the A.S.P.C.A. is being carried out in North Carolina, where 600 or more animals have been seized from a no-kill shelter. Over 600 dogs, cats, horses and other animals have been seized from Haven-Friends for Life no-kill shelter in Raeford, North Carolina, after its managers were arrested on animal cruelty charges; is one of largest pet rescues in history of American Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.

A Navy officer was sentenced in San Diego to 40 months in prison for providing ships and submarine schedules to a Malaysian contractor in exchange for cash. A Navy officer was sentenced in San Diego to 40 months in prison for providing ships and submarine schedules to a Malaysian contractor in exchange for cash. Navy officer, Lt Cmdr Todd Dale Malaki, is sentenced to 40 months in prison for giving ship and submarine schedules to Malaysian contractor Glenn Defense Marine Asia in exchange for cash and other gifts.

Melissa Click, the suspended University of Missouri assistant professor who was charged with assault for a November run-in with two student journalists during campus protests, reached a deal with prosecutors. Melissa Click, the suspended University of Missouri assistant professor who was charged with assault for a November run-in with two student journalists during campus protests, reached a deal with prosecutors. Steve Richey, prosecutor for city of Columbia, Mo, reaches deal with University of Missouri assistant professor Melissa Click, giving her 20 hours of community service, instead of jail time or fines, for assaulting student journalist during November, 2015, campus protest.

Bac Duong, one of three men who escaped from an Orange County jail, turned himself in to the police after a week on the run. Bac Duong, one of three men who escaped from an Orange County jail, turned himself in to the police after a week on the run. Bac Duong turns himself in to Orange County sheriff's office, week after escape from maximum security jail with two other prisoners; escapees Hossein Nayeri and Jonathan Tieu remain at large.

The State Supreme Court ruled in favor of high school cheerleaders who had argued that their free speech was trampled by their school district when it ordered them not to display banners with Bible verses. The State Supreme Court ruled in favor of high school cheerleaders who had argued that their free speech was trampled by their school district when it ordered them not to display banners with Bible verses. Texas State Supreme Court rules in favor of high school cheerleaders who claim their right to free speech was impinged upon by Kountze school district when it ordered them not to display banners inscribed with Bible verses at football games.

Gerry Ramogida, a prominent chiropractor who has treated Olympic athletes, is cooperating with Canadian antidoping officials after an Al Jazeera report said that his former business associates were involved in professional athletes’ doping. Gerry Ramogida, a prominent chiropractor who has treated Olympic athletes, is cooperating with Canadian antidoping officials after an Al Jazeera report said that his former business associates were involved in professional athletes’ doping. Prominent chiropractor Gerry Ramogida is willingly cooperating with Canadian antidoping officials after Al Jazeera reported that his former business associates were involved in pro athlete doping; is determined to ensure his reputation is not tarnished by Al Jazeera documentary.

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention emphasize steps to avoid lead exposure and quickly taking action to mitigate its effects. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention emphasize steps to avoid lead exposure and quickly taking action to mitigate its effects. 

American Airlines reported a record profit for the fourth quarter and all of 2015 as a sharp drop in fuel prices more than offset lower revenue. American Airlines reported a record profit for the fourth quarter and all of 2015 as a sharp drop in fuel prices more than offset lower revenue. American Airlines Group reports fourth quarter net income of $3.28 billion due in large part to large accounting gain from tax item; without tax advantage and other one-time monetary events, American says it earned $1.3 billion, or $2 per share, up from $1.1 billion, or $1.52 per share one year earlier.

United States crude oil production fell for a second month in November because of a drop offshore, but higher output from the biggest shale states highlighted the industry’s surprising resilience. United States crude oil production fell for a second month in November because of a drop offshore, but higher output from the biggest shale states highlighted the industry’s surprising resilience. Energy Information Administration reports that United States crude oil production fell in November by 52,000 barrels to 9.32 million barrels per day, higher than agency forecasts of 9.05 million barrels per day.

Nissan is recalling nearly 930,000 Altima midsize cars worldwide — some for a third time — to fix a latch problem that could let the hood fly open while the cars are moving. Nissan is recalling nearly 930,000 Altima midsize cars worldwide — some for a third time — to fix a latch problem that could let the hood fly open while the cars are moving. Nissan issues worldwide recall of nearly 930,000 Altima cars to fix latch that is supposed to keep hood from opening while car is moving. 

The sovereign wealth fund, called 1Malaysia Development Berhad, or 1MDB, has been the focus of investigations around the world involving misappropriated money. The sovereign wealth fund, called 1Malaysia Development Berhad, or 1MDB, has been the focus of investigations around the world involving misappropriated money. 

Natalie Portman plays a frontier wife who enlists the aid of a former lover, portrayed by Joel Edgerton, to defend her home. Natalie Portman plays a frontier wife who enlists the aid of a former lover, portrayed by Joel Edgerton, to defend her home. Glenn Kenny reviews movie Jane Got a Gun, directed by Gavin O'Connor and starring Natalie Portman and Joel Edgerton. 

The ban, which does not apply to posts by licensed gun dealers, will also apply to the company’s photo-sharing service. The ban, which does not apply to posts by licensed gun dealers, will also apply to the company’s photo-sharing service. Facebook bans private firearms sales on its flagship social network and its Instagram photo-sharing service, thrusting itself into gun debate; unlicensed sellers are under no obligation to perform any kind of background check, increasing likelihood that felons would be able to get their hands on guns through such avenues.

This satire starring and co-written by Marlon Wayans has fun with the screen adaptation of a certain best-selling book. This satire starring and co-written by Marlon Wayans has fun with the screen adaptation of a certain best-selling book. Andy Webster reviews movie Fifty Shades of Black, directed by Michael Tiddes and starring Marlon Wayans and Kali Hawk. 

Apple has acquired an augmented reality start-up called Flyby Media and hired the former director of the Center for Human-Computer Interaction at Virginia Tech. Apple has acquired an augmented reality start-up called Flyby Media and hired the former director of the Center for Human-Computer Interaction at Virginia Tech. Apple confirms acquisition of augmented reality start-up, Flyby Media; move by tech giant is their first into field of virtual reality, space already occupied by competitors like Google, Facebook and Microsoft.

The Wooster Group, which opens the play next week in Los Angeles, has run into a serious, and unusual, obstacle. The Wooster Group, which opens the play next week in Los Angeles, has run into a serious, and unusual, obstacle. Wooster Group receives backlash for production of Harold Pinter play The Room after Pinter estate claims theater group did not obtain proper rights to produce show and must bar theater critics from reviewing its Los Angeles performance; it is unclear how critics in Los Angeles will respond. 

These two plays — “Tonight With Donny Stixx” and “Dark Vanilla Jungle,” playing in repertory at Here — consist of monologues by people who have committed unspeakable crimes. These two plays — “Tonight With Donny Stixx” and “Dark Vanilla Jungle,” playing in repertory at Here — consist of monologues by people who have committed unspeakable crimes. Ben Brantley reviews Philip Ridley plays Dark Vanilla Jungle, staged by Paul Takacs, and Tonight With Donny Stixx, directed by Frances Loy, at Here. 

This chamber opera by the composer Charles Fussell is based on Jack Larson’s American update of Stravinsky’s 1917 music theater piece, “The Soldier’s Tale.” This chamber opera by the composer Charles Fussell is based on Jack Larson’s American update of Stravinsky’s 1917 music theater piece, “The Soldier’s Tale.” Vivien Schweitzer reviews Encompass New Opera Theater production of Jack Larson chamber opera The Astronaut's Tale, starring singers Eapen Leubner, Frank Basile and Lianne Gennaco, at Brooklyn Academy of Music. 

At its best, the Sundance Film Festival is still helping to write the next chapters in American cinema. At its best, the Sundance Film Festival is still helping to write the next chapters in American cinema. Manohla Dargis Critic's Notebook praises selection of films at Sundance Film Festival that deviate from commercial offerings and instead depict women and minorities in dynamic, complicated and fully realized roles.  

This choreographer’s company danced “Set and Reset,” “Present Tense” and “Newark (Niweweorce),” works the company says it expects to stop performing. This choreographer’s company danced “Set and Reset,” “Present Tense” and “Newark (Niweweorce),” works the company says it expects to stop performing. Alastair Macaulay reviews Trisha Brown dance pieces Set and Reset, Present Tense and Newark (Niweweorce), performed by Trisha Brown Dance Co at Brooklyn Academy of Music. 

Jeremy Tiang’s adaptation of Cao Xueqin’s sprawling 18th-century novel about an aristocratic family focuses on a love story. Jeremy Tiang’s adaptation of Cao Xueqin’s sprawling 18th-century novel about an aristocratic family focuses on a love story. Anita Gates reviews Pan Asian Repertory production of Jeremy Tiang play A Dream of Red Pavilions, directed by Tisa Chang and Lu Yu, at Clurman Theater. 

The announcement was the first confirmation of “top secret” material in former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s personal email account. The announcement was the first confirmation of “top secret” material in former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s personal email account. State Dept announces that it will not make 22 of Hillary Clinton's emails from her time as secretary of state public as they contain highly classified information; is first time top secret material has been confirmed as having been sent through Clinton's private computer server.

Councilman Ritchie Torres has a bill to collect and publicize information about the panels’ members. He hopes this will prompt the boards to better reflect the neighborhoods they serve. Councilman Ritchie Torres has a bill to collect and publicize information about the panels’ members. He hopes this will prompt the boards to better reflect the neighborhoods they serve. New York City Councilman Ritchie Torres of Bronx introduces bill that would collect and make public demographic data on city's 59 community boards; Torres is among growing number of people who are concerned about fact that boards, many of which are largely white, do not reflect ethnic composition of communities they represent. 

Hingis and Mirza, who became a pairing last March, have won 36 matches in a row and now have three Grand Slam titles together. Hingis and Mirza, who became a pairing last March, have won 36 matches in a row and now have three Grand Slam titles together. Martina Hingis and Sania Mirza beat Andrea Hlavackova and Lucie Hradecka in Grand Slam doubles finals at Australian Open in Melbourne.

Readers discuss Thursday’s Fox News debate. Readers discuss Thursday’s Fox News debate. 

This installment, “Murder of a President,” stars Shuler Hensley and Kathryn Erbe, and is based on a book by Candice Millard. This installment, “Murder of a President,” stars Shuler Hensley and Kathryn Erbe, and is based on a book by Candice Millard. Neil Genzlinger reviews television documentary Murder of a President, depicting life and death of Pres James A Garfield, as part of PBS American Experience series. 

The group’s opening leg at the Rose Studio featured three quartets by Bartok, with Beethoven and more Bartok to come. The group’s opening leg at the Rose Studio featured three quartets by Bartok, with Beethoven and more Bartok to come. Corinna da Fonseca-Wollheim reviews performance by Jerusalem Quartet at  Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center's Rose Studio.

This 50-minute solo work, at MoMA PS1, looks at the relationship between movement and language. This 50-minute solo work, at MoMA PS1, looks at the relationship between movement and language. Siobhan Burke reviews world premiere of Will J Rawls one man dance I make me (sic) at MoMA PS1 as part of Greater New York exhibition series 

Prosecutors investigating a land deal said Natalia Compagnon, President Michelle Bachelet’s daughter-in-law, was part of a scheme to avoid paying taxes. Prosecutors investigating a land deal said Natalia Compagnon, President Michelle Bachelet’s daughter-in-law, was part of a scheme to avoid paying taxes. Prosecutors in Chile charge Natalia Compagnon, daughter-in-law of Pres Michelle Bachelet, with issuing false invoices through her firm Caval in scheme to avoid paying about $165,000 in taxes; several other Caval employees have been charged as well, but Compagnon's involvement has proved damaging to presidential family.

The events of the rebellion at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge have left scars and divisions in Burns, Ore., that residents say will not soon heal. The events of the rebellion at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge have left scars and divisions in Burns, Ore., that residents say will not soon heal. Armed occupation of Malheur National Wildlife Refuge near Burns, Ore, has revealed and deepened divisions among resident in town, some of whom sympathize with occupiers; many in area support goals of protesters, but disapprove with way protesters went about making their point.

After an aborted sale and layoffs, the New York tabloid has been reinvigorated with a series of striking front pages and a return to its populist legacy. After an aborted sale and layoffs, the New York tabloid has been reinvigorated with a series of striking front pages and a return to its populist legacy. Venerable New York tabloid Daily News sees its populist voice go viral with series of attention-grabbing headlines, even as circulation and revenues fall.

A series of attention-grabbing covers that have shifted the conversation around the struggling paper. A series of attention-grabbing covers that have shifted the conversation around the struggling paper. 

White, whose style and dominance of snowboarding over a decade have made him the sport’s biggest star, was not invited — and so far nobody is saying why. White, whose style and dominance of snowboarding over a decade have made him the sport’s biggest star, was not invited — and so far nobody is saying why. Snowboarder Shaun White is shockingly not in lineup for 2016 Winter X Games; has participated every year since 2000 with exception of 2014--when he was preparing for Olympics.

Readers discuss how a nonprofit organization spends its donors’ money. Readers discuss how a nonprofit organization spends its donors’ money. 

When the president goes to the Illinois Capitol next month to speak, he will call for a less divisive politics, aides say. When the president goes to the Illinois Capitol next month to speak, he will call for a less divisive politics, aides say. 

The man arrested Thursday with two guns at a hotel in the amusement park has no known links to terrorism but was still being held, the French authorities said. The man arrested Thursday with two guns at a hotel in the amusement park has no known links to terrorism but was still being held, the French authorities said. 

In perhaps the biggest blow yet to daily fantasy sports, Vantiv Entertainment Solutions said it would no longer handle customer transactions for companies like FanDuel and DraftKings. In perhaps the biggest blow yet to daily fantasy sports, Vantiv Entertainment Solutions said it would no longer handle customer transactions for companies like FanDuel and DraftKings. Vantiv Entertainment Solutions announces that it will no longer handle customer transactions for daily fantasy sports companies like FanDuel and DraftKings because of unfavorable opinions on whether or not games are form of gambling.

Mr. Granger, who has led Esquire since 1997, led the men’s magazine to digital success during a tumultuous period in the industry. Mr. Granger, who has led Esquire since 1997, led the men’s magazine to digital success during a tumultuous period in the industry. 

The difficult dynamic among competing groups in Syria was apparent even as the opposition refused to participate in the talks Friday. The difficult dynamic among competing groups in Syria was apparent even as the opposition refused to participate in the talks Friday. Major rebel groups to be involved in United Nations-mediated Syrian peace talks in Geneva, along with summaries of where they stand on issues to be discussed, highlighted. 

Representatives of the opposition have refused to come to the table until the besieged towns are given a reprieve and bombings of civilians are halted. Representatives of the opposition have refused to come to the table until the besieged towns are given a reprieve and bombings of civilians are halted. High Negotiations Committee, coalition of Syrian rebel groups meant to participate in Geneva peace talks, refuses to take part until Syrian government ends sieges of rebel-held towns; group's demands and government's failure to participate in meaningful way on first day of talks sets expectations low, with some viewing lifting of government sieges on towns as best possible outcome.

The director of the film “Food Chains” says the solution is for produce buyers to insist on zero-tolerance policies. The director of the film “Food Chains” says the solution is for produce buyers to insist on zero-tolerance policies. 

A former United States pardon attorney writes that the courts “are institutionally in the best position to handle sentence reductions.” A former United States pardon attorney writes that the courts “are institutionally in the best position to handle sentence reductions.” 

A single-premium immediate annuity or lifetime annuity guarantees a steady income for life, but there are reasons for consumers to be wary. A single-premium immediate annuity or lifetime annuity guarantees a steady income for life, but there are reasons for consumers to be wary. Retiring column; pros and cons of lifetime annuities discussed; many economists hail them as remedy to roller-coaster markets as they offer monthly income for life after lump-sum investment; risks of this type of investment include not having enough cash on hand to deal with unforeseen emergencies. 

Florida State’s response to the rape accusations against Jameis Winston — first looking the other way, then heaping scorn on his accuser’s lawsuit — sends a worrisome message to women on campus. Florida State’s response to the rape accusations against Jameis Winston — first looking the other way, then heaping scorn on his accuser’s lawsuit — sends a worrisome message to women on campus. Joe Nocera Sports Business column says settlement of Florida State University's 2012 Title IX lawsuit brought by student Erica Kinsman, who accused former star quarterback Jameis Winston of raping her, sends message that athletic achievement matters more than student safety.

Markees Christmas, 16, and Royalty Hightower, 10. are among those who could become The Next Big Thing. Markees Christmas, 16, and Royalty Hightower, 10. are among those who could become The Next Big Thing. 

Members of the sect, the Islamic Movement in Nigeria, have said that as many as 800 people were killed during the clashes in December. Members of the sect, the Islamic Movement in Nigeria, have said that as many as 800 people were killed during the clashes in December. 

Interviews show that his campaign has put middle-class, college-educated parents ages 30 to 45 who live just outside Des Moines at the center of its caucus effort. Interviews show that his campaign has put middle-class, college-educated parents ages 30 to 45 who live just outside Des Moines at the center of its caucus effort. Sen Marco Rubio's presidential campaign has been targeting its efforts in Iowa at young, middle-class, college-educated suburban voters, strategy that seems to be working, as Rubio has risen to firm third place in polls.

The company announced that it would split in two, but Ursula Burns has not yet grabbed any role in the new structure. The company announced that it would split in two, but Ursula Burns has not yet grabbed any role in the new structure. 

The Thursday debate was Fox News’s second-highest rated program in the network’s 20-year-history. The Thursday debate was Fox News’s second-highest rated program in the network’s 20-year-history. Nielsen reports Fox News Republican debate drew 12.5 million viewers, second-lowest viewership figure of seven Republican debates; Donald J Trump declined to participate in debate, but ratings drop is not as low as his campaign predicted.

The police said Donald Meyer Jr. pointed a rifle at a state constable, who fired in return and accidentally killed the man’s 12-year-old daughter. The police said Donald Meyer Jr. pointed a rifle at a state constable, who fired in return and accidentally killed the man’s 12-year-old daughter. 

The primary preoccupation in “Originals: How Non-Conformists Move the World” by Adam Grant is to provide practical tools to “unleash” the hidden creativity in all of us. The primary preoccupation in “Originals: How Non-Conformists Move the World” by Adam Grant is to provide practical tools to “unleash” the hidden creativity in all of us. 

The walkout came as a surprise to many, according to officials, and the reasons behind the move were not immediately clear. The walkout came as a surprise to many, according to officials, and the reasons behind the move were not immediately clear. Thousands of longshoremen engage in surprise walkoff in New York City and New Jersey, posing potential disruption of shipment of goods across region; labor leaders cite hiring dispute with Waterfront Commission of New York Harbor, but others speculate true cause is federal criminal investigation into International Longshoreman's Assn.

Labor leaders fear that Mr. Trump may draw an unusually large number of union voters, possibly improving Republican chances in a November general election. Labor leaders fear that Mr. Trump may draw an unusually large number of union voters, possibly improving Republican chances in a November general election. Union leaders express concern about candidacy of Donald Trump, whose unapologetic views on certain economic issues and unconventional politics resonate with some members; fear that Trump may draw large numbers of union voters, and could bolster Republicans in swing states like Ohio and Michigan.

Our selection of the week’s web gems includes an analysis of how modern Disney movies don’t let the female characters talk much. Our selection of the week’s web gems includes an analysis of how modern Disney movies don’t let the female characters talk much. 

C.S. Venkatakrishnan, the head of operational risk at JPMorgan, would join the British bank as its chief risk officer in May. C.S. Venkatakrishnan, the head of operational risk at JPMorgan, would join the British bank as its chief risk officer in May. 

The referee, Clete Blakeman, is a well regarded official who may be better known for his role in Deflategate and for recently messing up a coin toss. The referee, Clete Blakeman, is a well regarded official who may be better known for his role in Deflategate and for recently messing up a coin toss. NFL selects Clete Blakeman to referee Super Bowl 50; Blakeman has refereed total of four playoff games in his career. 

The work, by Orazio Gentileschi, is one of three commissioned together in 1621; the Getty has another of the three in its collection already. The work, by Orazio Gentileschi, is one of three commissioned together in 1621; the Getty has another of the three in its collection already. J Paul Getty Museum purchases Orazio Gentileschi 17-century painting Danae for $30.5 million at Sotheby's in New York, setting auction record for the artist.

Months before Gov. Rick Snyder acknowledged a problem with the water in Flint, the state was providing coolers of purified water at its office there. Months before Gov. Rick Snyder acknowledged a problem with the water in Flint, the state was providing coolers of purified water at its office there. 

The Republican presidential contenders spent Friday in their final sprint around Iowa, and most of them took the opportunity to lob more attacks at Mr. Cruz. The Republican presidential contenders spent Friday in their final sprint around Iowa, and most of them took the opportunity to lob more attacks at Mr. Cruz. Entire Republican presidential field criticizes Sen Ted Cruz in run up to Iowa caucuses, attempting to diminish his lead, even as Cruz shifts from attacking Donald J Trump to attacking Sen Marco Rubio, who is quickly gaining on Cruz.

Katie Beirne Fallon, the president’s legislative director, has been credited with improving his relations with lawmakers on Capitol Hill. Katie Beirne Fallon, the president’s legislative director, has been credited with improving his relations with lawmakers on Capitol Hill. Katie Beirne Fallon, Pres Obama's legislative affairs director and  trusted aide, will leave administration; Fallon played integral role in improving Obama's relationship with lawmakers in Congress and her departure is indication that  administration is unlikely to pursue ambitious legislative agenda in Obama's final year in office.

A new Standard & Poor’s stock index seeks to track the best-run companies, but these companies cannot be identified with quantitative models and checklists. A new Standard & Poor’s stock index seeks to track the best-run companies, but these companies cannot be identified with quantitative models and checklists. 

A dinner, a brunch and a weekend auction at the Naples Winter Wine Festival will cost a couple $10,000, not counting what they might spend at the auction. A dinner, a brunch and a weekend auction at the Naples Winter Wine Festival will cost a couple $10,000, not counting what they might spend at the auction. Paul Sullivan Wealth Matters column discusses popularity of wine auctions for charity, where people can pay thousands of dollars just to attend; while private affairs, these auctions are often designed to help poorest residents in otherwise wealthy communities.

As officials try to track how many children in Flint, Mich., have been exposed to lead, underlying troubles prevalent among low-income families add to concerns. As officials try to track how many children in Flint, Mich., have been exposed to lead, underlying troubles prevalent among low-income families add to concerns. New concerns surface in Flint, Mich, after officials say that tests of unfiltered tap water find levels of lead in some samples higher than what filters distributed to residents are designed to remove; as many as 8,000 children under age 6 are believed to have been exposed to lead, possibly suffering irreversible damage to their developing brains and nervous systems.

With time running out if Britain is to schedule an early referendum, the prime minister is fighting for concessions he hopes will persuade Britons to stay in the bloc. With time running out if Britain is to schedule an early referendum, the prime minister is fighting for concessions he hopes will persuade Britons to stay in the bloc. 

Moscow reacted to statements by two senior American officials who said that the Russian president had enriched himself through corruption. Moscow reacted to statements by two senior American officials who said that the Russian president had enriched himself through corruption. 

Mr. Cornyn, a conservative from Texas, is a main author of a bill that would cut some sentences and ease re-entry after prison. Mr. Cornyn, a conservative from Texas, is a main author of a bill that would cut some sentences and ease re-entry after prison. Republican Sen John Cornyn faces challenge of addressing concerns of his fellow Senate Republicans about criminal justice reform and legislation he has drafted to address sentencing reform; Republicans have been cautious about embracing issue, but Cornyn's seniority in Senate and fact that he wrote legislation should prove critical in getting legislation to pass.

The announcement has fueled speculation that the Murdoch family may be preparing to reassert itself in the European media landscape through a new takeover bid for the pay television group. The announcement has fueled speculation that the Murdoch family may be preparing to reassert itself in the European media landscape through a new takeover bid for the pay television group. British pay television group Sky announces return of James Murdoch as chairman, four years after his departure following News of the World phone-hacking scandal.

Microsoft was up on strong earnings, helping the major indexes rise more than 2 percent. Japan’s central bank dropped interest rates below zero. Microsoft was up on strong earnings, helping the major indexes rise more than 2 percent. Japan’s central bank dropped interest rates below zero. Microsoft, Visa, and several tech companies make huge gains as markets soar on last trading day of January.

Consumers have until midnight on Sunday to sign up for 2016 health insurance coverage on HealthCare.gov. Consumers have until midnight on Sunday to sign up for 2016 health insurance coverage on HealthCare.gov. Ann Carrns Your Money Adviser column urges readers to enroll for health care coverage before deadline; answers questions about applying for health insurance coverage.

A court rejected a final legal attempt to exempt her from a corruption case that has badly damaged the reputation of the country’s monarchy. A court rejected a final legal attempt to exempt her from a corruption case that has badly damaged the reputation of the country’s monarchy. 

Microsoft has retired the Windows Media Center software, but other programs can manage your music, movies and photos in Windows 10. Microsoft has retired the Windows Media Center software, but other programs can manage your music, movies and photos in Windows 10. 

Peter Wohlleben, a career ranger, has topped best-seller lists with “The Hidden Life of Trees,” describing trees as social beings that communicate on the “Wood Wide Web.” Peter Wohlleben, a career ranger, has topped best-seller lists with “The Hidden Life of Trees,” describing trees as social beings that communicate on the “Wood Wide Web.” Saturday Profile of German writer Peter Wohlleben, whose book The Hidden Life of Trees: What They Feel, How They Communicate--Discoveries From a Secret World makes case that trees are social beings and has become surprise hit.

A new service promises to ferret out those monthly billings for services you forgot you signed up for, and put a stop to them. A new service promises to ferret out those monthly billings for services you forgot you signed up for, and put a stop to them. Ron Lieber Your Money column profiles Trim, online service that scours consumer's credit cards for unwanted recurring payments and cancels them.

The assault was the latest in a series carried out against Shiite places of worship in the country’s east, where most Shiites in the predominately Sunni kingdom live. The assault was the latest in a series carried out against Shiite places of worship in the country’s east, where most Shiites in the predominately Sunni kingdom live. 

The economy is facing headwinds like turmoil in global markets, but the job and housing markets remain strong. The economy is facing headwinds like turmoil in global markets, but the job and housing markets remain strong. Commerce Department reports United States economy grew 0.7 percent in fourth quarter, confirming slowdown brought on by weak sales of durable goods and strong dollar; data on gross domestic product for period given.

The bigger capital cushion, meant to provide more protection against risk, would apply to British banks with more than $250 billion in total assets. The bigger capital cushion, meant to provide more protection against risk, would apply to British banks with more than $250 billion in total assets. Bank of England announces proposal that would require Britain's largest banks to quarantine their retail banking businesses from their investment businesses as protection against financial crises.

For Andy Murray to pull off an upset on Sunday &#8212; against the odds, his own accumulated fatigue and the weight of Novak Djokovic&#8217;s head-to-head advantage &#8212; will surely not be easy. For Andy Murray to pull off an upset on Sunday &#8212; against the odds, his own accumulated fatigue and the weight of Novak Djokovic&#8217;s head-to-head advantage &#8212; will surely not be easy. Christopher Clarey On Tennis column says it will not be easy for Andy Murray to defeat Novak Djokovic in final of Australian Open tennis tournament; notes that Djokovic leads Murray, 21-9, and has won 10 of their last 11 matches, including 4 at Open.

The latest cases, uncovered by investigators in January, add to concerns about the failure of the United Nations to address a long-running scandal. The latest cases, uncovered by investigators in January, add to concerns about the failure of the United Nations to address a long-running scandal. United Nations discloses new reports of sexual abuses by European Union peacekeepers in Central African Republic, with some victims as young as 7 years old; disclosure adds to concerns about failure of UN to prevent such crimes.

The explosion is said to have taken place in Xaysomboun Province, at a road construction site, and it was the third in the area within a month. The explosion is said to have taken place in Xaysomboun Province, at a road construction site, and it was the third in the area within a month. 

In an agreement with Mr. Icahn, the activist investor, Xerox said it would spin off its services business by the end of the year. In an agreement with Mr. Icahn, the activist investor, Xerox said it would spin off its services business by the end of the year. Xerox Corp announces plans to spin off its services business, largely consisting of Affiliated Computer Services, which it took over in 2009 for $6.4 billion; buying ACS was supposed to diversify Xerox's offerings, but CEO Ursula M Burns concedes it never fit with Xerox's core operations.

Mr. Rivette may not have been as well known as his colleagues François Truffaut and Jean-Luc Godard, but his work was revered by film aficionados. Mr. Rivette may not have been as well known as his colleagues François Truffaut and Jean-Luc Godard, but his work was revered by film aficionados. Jacques Rivette, film director and founding member of French New Wave movement, dies at age 87.

A so-called matching system would avoid forcing E.U. members to accept large numbers against their will. A so-called matching system would avoid forcing E.U. members to accept large numbers against their will. 

The Amnesty International analysis added to growing evidence of atrocities. Separately, two foreign journalists who had been detained were released. The Amnesty International analysis added to growing evidence of atrocities. Separately, two foreign journalists who had been detained were released. Amnesty International reports satellite imagery appears to support accounts of graves holding at least 50 victims of December political violence in Burundi capital of Bujumbura; report adds to growing evidence that atrocities committed in country were organized and covered up by country's security forces. 

O New York Times gostaria de ouvir a opinião de mulheres que deram à luz recentemente, que estejam grávidas ou planejando engravidar, e estão preocupadas com o vírus Zika. O New York Times gostaria de ouvir a opinião de mulheres que deram à luz recentemente, que estejam grávidas ou planejando engravidar, e estão preocupadas com o vírus Zika. 

Invasive species passing through the Suez Canal pose rising health and safety risks. Invasive species passing through the Suez Canal pose rising health and safety risks. 

After high expectations that Mr. Trump’s charity event for veterans would prove more lively than the Republican debate taking place on Fox News, most competing cable channels went elsewhere. After high expectations that Mr. Trump’s charity event for veterans would prove more lively than the Republican debate taking place on Fox News, most competing cable channels went elsewhere. 

The operation also targeted Egypt, Iran, Syria and Turkey, according to evidence attributed to leaks by the former intelligence contractor Edward J. Snowden. The operation also targeted Egypt, Iran, Syria and Turkey, according to evidence attributed to leaks by the former intelligence contractor Edward J. Snowden. 

Arthur John Patterson was convicted of killing a 22-year-old South Korean college student, a case that has gripped the nation for years. Arthur John Patterson was convicted of killing a 22-year-old South Korean college student, a case that has gripped the nation for years. American Arthur Patterson is convicted in South Korea of 1997 killing of student Jo Jung-pil and sentenced to 20 years in prison; sentence is maximum for murder committed while minor; Patterson, who was extradited in September, 2015, from United States to stand trial, was 17 at time of killing.

We sent our reporter Trip Gabriel to live in Iowa. Here’s what he’s watching for as the caucuses near. We sent our reporter Trip Gabriel to live in Iowa. Here’s what he’s watching for as the caucuses near. 

As the Japanese emperor visited their country, the so-called comfort women of the Philippines sought an apology for being forced into wartime brothels. As the Japanese emperor visited their country, the so-called comfort women of the Philippines sought an apology for being forced into wartime brothels. Victims and advocates are coming forward to win justice for over 1,000 Philippine women forced into sexual slavery by Japan during World War II; Japan's responsibility to Korean women sexually enslaved during war has been recognized, but plight of women in Philippines and elsewhere is far less known.

A “Loyalty in Culture” initiative, included as an amendment to a budget bill, proposes denying state funds to institutions that do not express “loyalty” to the state. A “Loyalty in Culture” initiative, included as an amendment to a budget bill, proposes denying state funds to institutions that do not express “loyalty” to the state. Attack on literary icons like Amos Oz by far right Israeli group Im Tirtzu prompts condemnation on both sides of political spectrum, and highlights culture wars flaring up in Israel; some of the blame for divisiveness is placed on minister of culture and sport Miri Regev, who wants to deny state money to institutions that don't express loyalty.

Mr. Lee, who only briefly held the post, was given a suspended sentence of eight months for receiving cash from a businessman who later committed suicide. Mr. Lee, who only briefly held the post, was given a suspended sentence of eight months for receiving cash from a businessman who later committed suicide. 

Oriel College, one of 38 largely self-governing colleges at Oxford, said it would keep the statue of the man regarded by many as an architect of apartheid. Oriel College, one of 38 largely self-governing colleges at Oxford, said it would keep the statue of the man regarded by many as an architect of apartheid. Oriel College, one of several colleges at Oxford University in England, decides it will keep statue of benefactor Cecil Rhodes following controversy over Rhodes's role in apartheid; decision comes as disappointment to students who hoped to imitate Universtiy of Cape Town, which removed statue of Rhodes in 2015.

The airbag maker faces pressure from automakers over a safety scandal linked to 10 deaths and the recall of millions of cars. The airbag maker faces pressure from automakers over a safety scandal linked to 10 deaths and the recall of millions of cars. 

The center opened after Beijing hosted a landmark women’s conference in 1995, and its loss represents another blow to civil society groups in China. The center opened after Beijing hosted a landmark women’s conference in 1995, and its loss represents another blow to civil society groups in China. Chinese authorities shutter Beijing Zhongze Women’s Legal Counseling and Service Center, women's legal aid center created out of 1995 United Nations Fourth World Conference on Women; no reason is given for closing but rights activists say it is due to overall tightening of control by Chinese government.

Here’s how to watch a virtual reality film produced by The Times that includes footage of Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail. Here’s how to watch a virtual reality film produced by The Times that includes footage of Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail. 

Here’s how to watch a virtual reality film produced by The Times that includes footage of Donald J. Trump on the campaign trail. Here’s how to watch a virtual reality film produced by The Times that includes footage of Donald J. Trump on the campaign trail. 

Here’s how to watch a virtual reality film produced by The Times that includes footage of Senator Ted Cruz on the campaign trail. Here’s how to watch a virtual reality film produced by The Times that includes footage of Senator Ted Cruz on the campaign trail. 

The Times has produced a virtual reality film from footage taken over the last month capturing the candidates and perhaps the best part of their events: the crowds. The Times has produced a virtual reality film from footage taken over the last month capturing the candidates and perhaps the best part of their events: the crowds. 

Here’s how to watch a virtual reality film produced by The Times that includes footage of Senator Bernie Sanders on the campaign trail. Here’s how to watch a virtual reality film produced by The Times that includes footage of Senator Bernie Sanders on the campaign trail. 

The central bank will charge commercial depositors to hold money in its vaults — a move meant to stimulate the economy amid global market turmoil. The central bank will charge commercial depositors to hold money in its vaults — a move meant to stimulate the economy amid global market turmoil. Policy makers at Bank of Japan approve measure that would cut interest rates below zero in order to encourage lending and bolster lackluster economy; Japan follows other central banks, reflecting global trouble from slowing growth in China to low oil prices and sluggish international trade.

Mr. Kantner wrote or helped write many of the songs that defined the San Francisco psychedelic sound of the 1960s. Mr. Kantner wrote or helped write many of the songs that defined the San Francisco psychedelic sound of the 1960s. Paul Kantner, founding member and leader of influential 60s psychedelic rock band Jefferson Airplane, dies at 74.

Mr. Parkinson served in the government of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and appeared to be a candidate to succeed her until revelations of an extramarital affair. Mr. Parkinson served in the government of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and appeared to be a candidate to succeed her until revelations of an extramarital affair. Cecil Parkinson, former senior aide and possible successor to Prime Min Margaret Thatcher until sex scandal derailed his career, dies at age 84. 

The Germanistic Society of America danced the night away, and the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts had its 50th anniversary gala. The Germanistic Society of America danced the night away, and the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts had its 50th anniversary gala. 

 Mr. O’Malley took out a loan to keep his Democratic presidential campaign afloat late last year, and repaid it with matching funds received in January, according numbers in his campaign filings provided by an aide. Mr. O’Malley took out a loan to keep his Democratic presidential campaign afloat late last year, and repaid it with matching funds received in January, according numbers in his campaign filings provided by an aide.

Revealing moments in black history, with unpublished photos from The New York Times’s archives. We’ll add images daily in February. Revealing moments in black history, with unpublished photos from The New York Times’s archives. We’ll add images daily in February. 

It’s time to talk about the way “Billions” treats its female characters. It’s time to talk about the way “Billions” treats its female characters. 

 Right to Rise, the “super PAC” supporting Jeb Bush, reported Sunday evening that it still had nearly $59 million to spend heading into 2016. Right to Rise, the “super PAC” supporting Jeb Bush, reported Sunday evening that it still had nearly $59 million to spend heading into 2016.

Whenever the show starts stalling, Julian Fellowes clamps on a pair of jumper cables and shocks the thing back to life. Whenever the show starts stalling, Julian Fellowes clamps on a pair of jumper cables and shocks the thing back to life. 

 As Mr. Kasich and Mr. Christie are locked in a tight battle for fourth place in New Hampshire, America Leads, the “super PAC” supporting Mr. Christie, is running ads accusing Mr. Kasich of profiting off the financial crisis while he was a managing general partner at Lehman Brothers. As Mr. Kasich and Mr. Christie are locked in a tight battle for fourth place in New Hampshire, America Leads, the “super PAC” supporting Mr. Christie, is running ads accusing Mr. Kasich of profiting off the financial crisis while he was a managing general partner at Lehman Brothers.

 The figure, announced on Saturday at Charles and David Koch’s annual winter conference, puts the political network just under halfway through a two-year spending goal announced last year and signifies a major expansion by the Kochs and the hundreds of right-leaning donors aligned with them The figure, announced on Saturday at Charles and David Koch’s annual winter conference, puts the political network just under halfway through a two-year spending goal announced last year and signifies a major expansion by the Kochs and the hundreds of right-leaning donors aligned with them

Revealing moments in black history, with unpublished photos from The New York Times’s archives. We’ll add images daily in February. Revealing moments in black history, with unpublished photos from The New York Times’s archives. We’ll add images daily in February. 

 A time-capsule look at how the show as marketed after it first opened on Broadway in 1972. A time-capsule look at how the show as marketed after it first opened on Broadway in 1972.

 Mr. Kasich seemed surprised, if not delighted, at attacks from Right to Rise, the ‘super PAC’ supporting Jeb Bush, saying it was “fantastic” to be viewed as an encroaching rival in Iowa, where neither candidate is faring well in polls. Mr. Kasich seemed surprised, if not delighted, at attacks from Right to Rise, the ‘super PAC’ supporting Jeb Bush, saying it was “fantastic” to be viewed as an encroaching rival in Iowa, where neither candidate is faring well in polls.

 The return of Gary Cee. The return of Gary Cee.

 Different kinds of enthusiasm. Different kinds of enthusiasm.

 A debate on Thursday, ahead of the New Hampshire primary on Feb. 9, is expected to be sanctioned and sponsored by MSNBC, and the campaigns have been in talks about holding additional debates in March, April and May. A debate on Thursday, ahead of the New Hampshire primary on Feb. 9, is expected to be sanctioned and sponsored by MSNBC, and the campaigns have been in talks about holding additional debates in March, April and May.

The bell from one of the oldest black churches in America will be celebrated on Monday by Dionne Warwick and Danny Glover. The bell from one of the oldest black churches in America will be celebrated on Monday by Dionne Warwick and Danny Glover. Bell at First Baptist Church in Williamsburg, Va, one of country's oldest black churches, will be rung for first time in decades after restoration by Colonial Williamsburg Foundation.

 On the eve of the Iowa caucuses, Hillary Clinton found herself defending her use of a private email server while serving as secretary of state. On the eve of the Iowa caucuses, Hillary Clinton found herself defending her use of a private email server while serving as secretary of state.

 Hillary Clinton’s team declined Mayor Bill de Blasio’s initial offer to campaign in Iowa for her candidacy, the New York City mayor said. Hillary Clinton’s team declined Mayor Bill de Blasio’s initial offer to campaign in Iowa for her candidacy, the New York City mayor said.

 Bernie Sanders’s campaign will announce that it has raised $20 million in the last month, an enormous haul that backs up the campaign’s assertion that it will have enough money for a long, hard fought nominating fight against Hillary Clinton. Bernie Sanders’s campaign will announce that it has raised $20 million in the last month, an enormous haul that backs up the campaign’s assertion that it will have enough money for a long, hard fought nominating fight against Hillary Clinton.

Bernie Sanders joined musicians from Vampire Weekend to sing “This Land Is Your Land” at a rally in Iowa City, Iowa. Bernie Sanders joined musicians from Vampire Weekend to sing “This Land Is Your Land” at a rally in Iowa City, Iowa. 

 Bernie Sanders said on “Meet the Press” that his plan to raise taxes to increase government benefits would not undercut the Democratic Party’s efforts to retake the House in 2016. Bernie Sanders said on “Meet the Press” that his plan to raise taxes to increase government benefits would not undercut the Democratic Party’s efforts to retake the House in 2016.

For Monday, easy fettuccine Alfredo and a radicchio salad. For the rest of the week, spicy shrimp, soba salad and more. For Monday, easy fettuccine Alfredo and a radicchio salad. For the rest of the week, spicy shrimp, soba salad and more. 

Kate Winslet, Alicia Vikander and Brie Larson were among the celebrities walking the carpet at the awards ceremony on Saturday evening. Kate Winslet, Alicia Vikander and Brie Larson were among the celebrities walking the carpet at the awards ceremony on Saturday evening. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Miners on strike are shot by the police in Belgium in 1966. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Miners on strike are shot by the police in Belgium in 1966.

A subway rider noticed a passenger with a bag from the defunct Kozmo.com, which brought back Proustian memories of snack deliveries for the 2000 Subway Series. A subway rider noticed a passenger with a bag from the defunct Kozmo.com, which brought back Proustian memories of snack deliveries for the 2000 Subway Series. 

 With a ritual like a bar mitzvah, kids learn to take on something that is extraordinarily hard, something that takes persistence and focus. With a ritual like a bar mitzvah, kids learn to take on something that is extraordinarily hard, something that takes persistence and focus.

Iowa is overrun by presidential candidates and the media following them. The New York Times reporter Trip Gabriel explains why such a small state has such an outsize significance. Iowa is overrun by presidential candidates and the media following them. The New York Times reporter Trip Gabriel explains why such a small state has such an outsize significance. 

 From the International Herald Tribune archives: Ernest Meissonier, a celebrated French painter, dies in 1891. From the International Herald Tribune archives: Ernest Meissonier, a celebrated French painter, dies in 1891.

Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. 

Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. 

 Once again, an intense weekend of critiques, conversation and community will take place at the Fourth Annual New York Portfolio Review. It’s free, but spaces are limited, so apply now. Once again, an intense weekend of critiques, conversation and community will take place at the Fourth Annual New York Portfolio Review. It’s free, but spaces are limited, so apply now.

Corrections appearing in print on Sunday, January 31, 2016. Corrections appearing in print on Sunday, January 31, 2016. 

Quotation of the Day for Sunday, January 31, 2016. Quotation of the Day for Sunday, January 31, 2016. 

The Arizona Diamondbacks tried to bolster their lineup, acquiring Jean Segura, a former National League All-Star shortstop, in a five-player trade with the Milwaukee Brewers. The Arizona Diamondbacks tried to bolster their lineup, acquiring Jean Segura, a former National League All-Star shortstop, in a five-player trade with the Milwaukee Brewers. Arizona Diamondbacks acquire Milwaukee Brewers shortstop Jean Segura in five-player trade; other MLB news noted.

LeBron James scored 29 points, and Kevin Love and Kyrie Irving each added 21 as Cleveland took down the Spurs, winning its fourth straight under Coach Tyronn Lue. LeBron James scored 29 points, and Kevin Love and Kyrie Irving each added 21 as Cleveland took down the Spurs, winning its fourth straight under Coach Tyronn Lue. NBA Roundup; Cleveland Cavaliers defeat San Antonio Spurs, 117-103; other basketball scores noted.

The reigning Olympic champion Jenn Suhr broke her own women’s world indoor pole vault record by clearing 5.03 meters (16 feet 6 inches) at the Golden Eagle Invitational meet in Brockport, N.Y. Suhr broke the mark she established in 2013. The reigning Olympic champion Jenn Suhr broke her own women’s world indoor pole vault record by clearing 5.03 meters (16 feet 6 inches) at the Golden Eagle Invitational meet in Brockport, N.Y. Suhr broke the mark she established in 2013. Jenn Suhr wins women's indoor pole vault at Golden Eagle Invitational in Brockport, NY, clearing 5.03 meters and breaking her own record set in 2013.

The Southeastern Conference West quarterbacks Dak Prescott, Jake Coker and Brandon Allen all led scoring drives to help lead the South to a 27-16 win over the North in the Senior Bowl in Mobile, Ala. Allen, of Arkansas, passed for a game-high 106 yards. The Southeastern Conference West quarterbacks Dak Prescott, Jake Coker and Brandon Allen all led scoring drives to help lead the South to a 27-16 win over the North in the Senior Bowl in Mobile, Ala. Allen, of Arkansas, passed for a game-high 106 yards. South defeats North, 27-16, in college football's Senior Bowl.

Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel was being investigated Saturday by the police in Fort Worth. Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel was being investigated Saturday by the police in Fort Worth. Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel is under investigation for possible domestic violence incident. 

K. J. Choi one-putted his final six holes to salvage an even-par 72 and a share of the lead with Scott Brown going into the final round of the Farmers Insurance Open in San Diego. K. J. Choi one-putted his final six holes to salvage an even-par 72 and a share of the lead with Scott Brown going into the final round of the Farmers Insurance Open in San Diego. K J Choi and Scott Brown share third-round lead at Farmers Insurance Open golf tournament; other golf news noted.

The couple met at the University of Pennsylvania, from which they graduated. Both are Ph.D. candidates at Yale. The couple met at the University of Pennsylvania, from which they graduated. Both are Ph.D. candidates at Yale. 

The couple met in March 2012 while serving on the host committee for a charity fund-raiser with the Vanderbilt young alumni association. The couple met in March 2012 while serving on the host committee for a charity fund-raiser with the Vanderbilt young alumni association. 

The bride works at PricewaterhouseCoopers, and the groom at Barclays. The bride works at PricewaterhouseCoopers, and the groom at Barclays. 

The couple met in 2009 while standing in line for a medical residency orientation at Bellevue Hospital Center in New York. The couple met in 2009 while standing in line for a medical residency orientation at Bellevue Hospital Center in New York. 

The couple met in 1989, and started living together in 1998. The couple met in 1989, and started living together in 1998. 

The bride graduated from Yale, and the groom from the Cooper Union. The bride graduated from Yale, and the groom from the Cooper Union. 

The couple met in 2006 in San Francisco and reconnected nine years later in New York. The couple met in 2006 in San Francisco and reconnected nine years later in New York. 

The bride and groom, who met at the University of Washington, were married Jan. 28. The bride and groom, who met at the University of Washington, were married Jan. 28. 

“He has made it clear to me that he never really needed someone until I came along.” “He has made it clear to me that he never really needed someone until I came along.” 

The bride and groom met through OkCupid in 2011. The bride and groom met through OkCupid in 2011. 

The couple were married Jan. 30 at the Yale Club of New York. The couple were married Jan. 30 at the Yale Club of New York. 

The bride, who is a lawyer, and the groom, a real estate broker, met on Match.com. The bride, who is a lawyer, and the groom, a real estate broker, met on Match.com. 

SUTTON--Colonel James George, USAF retired, died aged 95 in Oakwood, OH. The former Chief of Staff, Aerospace System's Division, WPAFB, he served with courage in WWII and Korea and received countless honors for his service. Jim was full of fun and life. He will be missed by his loving relatives and devoted friends. 1/3 SUTTON--Colonel James George, USAF retired, died aged 95 in Oakwood, OH. The former Chief of Staff, Aerospace System's Division, WPAFB, he served with courage in WWII and Korea and received countless honors for his service. Jim was full of fun and life. He will be missed by his loving relatives and devoted friends. 1/3 

BELSITO-LOVE--Therese, 99, died January 19, 2016 in Napoleon, Ohio. Born May 22, 1916 in New York, NY to the late Anthony and Rafaela (Califano) Rubino, Therese was married to the late James Belsito, and the late Dr. Robert A. Love. Therese had a long career as an academic administrator for The City University of New York. She was listed in Who's Who of American Women and received the 1976 Woman of the Year Award for Administration. She is survived by nieces, Jeanne Wilson, Theresa Clayton, Christine Poutot and Victoria Prince, and nephew, Joseph Petrocine, as well as, many friends and associates in the world of art, music and theater, which were her lifelong passions. She will be remembered for being most generous and devoted to those in need. A celebration of her life will be held in New York at a later date. 1/3 BELSITO-LOVE--Therese, 99, died January 19, 2016 in Napoleon, Ohio. Born May 22, 1916 in New York, NY to the late Anthony and Rafaela (Califano) Rubino, Therese was married to the late James Belsito, and the late Dr. Robert A. Love. Therese had a long career as an academic administrator for The City University of New York. She was listed in Who's Who of American Women and received the 1976 Woman of the Year Award for Administration. She is survived by nieces, Jeanne Wilson, Theresa Clayton, Christine Poutot and Victoria Prince, and nephew, Joseph Petrocine, as well as, many friends and associates in the world of art, music and theater, which were her lifelong passions. She will be remembered for being most generous and devoted to those in need. A celebration of her life will be held in New York at a later date. 1/3 

DWORKIN--Phyllis F.,95, on January 28, 2016, in her home in Sarasota, FL. She is survived by her husband, Albert, 99; daughter Peggy Northrop of Barrington, RI; son Peter of San Francisco; five grandchildren, Robert, Matthew, and William Northrop and Kate and Meredith Dworkin; and two great- granddaughters. Daughter of Irving and Sophia Fieldman, Phyllis was brought up in northern New Jersey and graduated from Goucher College in 1941. After marrying Albert in 1942, and initially living in Manhattan, they settled and raised their family in Roslyn, NY. They moved in 1986 to Longboat Key, FL, where they spent many of their happiest years. She was an active volunteer in her community, including for Nassau County (New York) Legal Services and American Field Service, a member of the Temple Sinai (Roslyn) choir, and a lifelong Democrat. In lieu of flowers, preferred charities for donations in her memory are AFS-USA, Inc., Planned Parenthood, or UJA-Federation. 1/3 DWORKIN--Phyllis F.,95, on January 28, 2016, in her home in Sarasota, FL. She is survived by her husband, Albert, 99; daughter Peggy Northrop of Barrington, RI; son Peter of San Francisco; five grandchildren, Robert, Matthew, and William Northrop and Kate and Meredith Dworkin; and two great- granddaughters. Daughter of Irving and Sophia Fieldman, Phyllis was brought up in northern New Jersey and graduated from Goucher College in 1941. After marrying Albert in 1942, and initially living in Manhattan, they settled and raised their family in Roslyn, NY. They moved in 1986 to Longboat Key, FL, where they spent many of their happiest years. She was an active volunteer in her community, including for Nassau County (New York) Legal Services and American Field Service, a member of the Temple Sinai (Roslyn) choir, and a lifelong Democrat. In lieu of flowers, preferred charities for donations in her memory are AFS-USA, Inc., Planned Parenthood, or UJA-Federation. 1/3 

SLOAN--Howard. The Board of Trustees and staff of New York Blood Center (NYBC) mourn the loss of our longtime trustee, Howard Sloan. Howard, who joined our board in 1977 and served as Chairman from 1993-2001, was an intelligent, insightful leader who remained an active member of the NYBC Board of Trustees until his death. Through his steadfast vision, he helped keep NYBC at the forefront of public health in the New York metropolitan area for many years. In addition to his devotion and leadership, Howard was also a generous supporter of our lifesaving work. His friendship, leadership, great sense of humor, and contributions to our mission will not be forgotten. Howard P. Milstein, Chairman Christopher D. Hillyer, M.D., President and CEO 1/3 SLOAN--Howard. The Board of Trustees and staff of New York Blood Center (NYBC) mourn the loss of our longtime trustee, Howard Sloan. Howard, who joined our board in 1977 and served as Chairman from 1993-2001, was an intelligent, insightful leader who remained an active member of the NYBC Board of Trustees until his death. Through his steadfast vision, he helped keep NYBC at the forefront of public health in the New York metropolitan area for many years. In addition to his devotion and leadership, Howard was also a generous supporter of our lifesaving work. His friendship, leadership, great sense of humor, and contributions to our mission will not be forgotten. Howard P. Milstein, Chairman Christopher D. Hillyer, M.D., President and CEO 1/3 

BYWATERS--Thomas. Thomas Shelton Bywaters died peacefully in his sleep Saturday morning January 23, 2016, after a long battle with heart disease. Born June 2, 1937, Tom's parents were Margaret A. Bywaters and Porter A. Bywaters, Jr. Raised in Dallas, TX, he graduated from Highland Park High School, Yale University, and received a master's degree from Rice University. After graduation, Tom spent the majority of his career in New York City and San Francisco where he became an accomplished television producer and director. During this time, Tom was awarded three Emmys and three Peabody awards. In recognition of his artistic ability and achievement, Tom was a past board member of the USA Film Festival. After his return to Dallas, Tom was an associate professor at both University of Texas at Dallas and Southern Methodist University and was credited with guiding many students in their careers. Tom had a passion for his cats, Max and Rainy, the SPCA, lifelong friends and family. He was a proud longstanding member of Lambda AA. Tom's quick wit, sharp tongue, and dry sense of humor will be missed by all who knew and loved him. We wish to extend our sincere appreciation for all who have cared for Tom the last six months. In lieu of flowers, the family asks that anyone wishing to honor Tom to make a memorial donation to the SPCA or charity of your choice. Graveside Services will be Saturday, January 30, at 11:00am, Myrtle Cemetery in Ennis, TX. 1/3 BYWATERS--Thomas. Thomas Shelton Bywaters died peacefully in his sleep Saturday morning January 23, 2016, after a long battle with heart disease. Born June 2, 1937, Tom's parents were Margaret A. Bywaters and Porter A. Bywaters, Jr. Raised in Dallas, TX, he graduated from Highland Park High School, Yale University, and received a master's degree from Rice University. After graduation, Tom spent the majority of his career in New York City and San Francisco where he became an accomplished television producer and director. During this time, Tom was awarded three Emmys and three Peabody awards. In recognition of his artistic ability and achievement, Tom was a past board member of the USA Film Festival. After his return to Dallas, Tom was an associate professor at both University of Texas at Dallas and Southern Methodist University and was credited with guiding many students in their careers. Tom had a passion for his cats, Max and Rainy, the SPCA, lifelong friends and family. He was a proud longstanding member of Lambda AA. Tom's quick wit, sharp tongue, and dry sense of humor will be missed by all who knew and loved him. We wish to extend our sincere appreciation for all who have cared for Tom the last six months. In lieu of flowers, the family asks that anyone wishing to honor Tom to make a memorial donation to the SPCA or charity of your choice. Graveside Services will be Saturday, January 30, at 11:00am, Myrtle Cemetery in Ennis, TX. 1/3 

BECK--Leland Stuart, was born May 6, 1931 to Jenny and Stanley Beck in New Jersey. He passed on January 21, 2016. Leland's was a life well lived. He was a loving husband and brother. He had four children, eight grandchildren, and one great- grandchild. Leland and his wife Phyllis fell in love while attending Cornell University. Leland practiced law for more than 60 years. Sailing, his family and his work were his sustaining passions. He will be remembered for his good humor, generosity, loyalty, integrity, unfailing optimism and amazing work ethic. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions to Cycle for Survival team 52061 The Motley Cruise at: cycleforsurvival.org or Immunitor.com 1/3 BECK--Leland Stuart, was born May 6, 1931 to Jenny and Stanley Beck in New Jersey. He passed on January 21, 2016. Leland's was a life well lived. He was a loving husband and brother. He had four children, eight grandchildren, and one great- grandchild. Leland and his wife Phyllis fell in love while attending Cornell University. Leland practiced law for more than 60 years. Sailing, his family and his work were his sustaining passions. He will be remembered for his good humor, generosity, loyalty, integrity, unfailing optimism and amazing work ethic. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions to Cycle for Survival team 52061 The Motley Cruise at: cycleforsurvival.org or Immunitor.com 1/3 

SOMERBY--Richard Alfred, 85, of Naples, FL, Hartsdale, NY and formerly a resident of New Canaan, CT, died peacefully Wednesday, January 13, 2016 having had his family by his side for his final days. Born October 10, 1930 in Boston, MA, he was the son of a Boston theatre owner, Rufus and his wife Sylvia Somerby. He graduated from Williams College in 1952. Participating on many athletic teams during his school years, one of his favorite memories was the selection of his Tabor Academy crew team for the Henley Regatta in England. Always a proud Veteran, he served as an officer in the United States Air Force during the Korean conflict. After earning his MBA from Harvard Business School in 1956, he spent his entire career working for IBM as an executive in marketing and sales. He and his wife Mary Louise Vincent settled in New Canaan in the early 1960s to raise their five children. His retirement years were spent as an active community participant, joining the North Naples Fire Control and Rescue Squad as a certified member of their emergency response team. He was a member of the Harvard Club of Naples, The Williams Club of Naples, and the English-Speaking Union. He is survived by his five children: Richard, Craig, Anne, Elizabeth and Daniel as well as 12 grandchildren and three great-grandchildren. The family will hold a private ceremony on Cape Cod, MA. 1/3 SOMERBY--Richard Alfred, 85, of Naples, FL, Hartsdale, NY and formerly a resident of New Canaan, CT, died peacefully Wednesday, January 13, 2016 having had his family by his side for his final days. Born October 10, 1930 in Boston, MA, he was the son of a Boston theatre owner, Rufus and his wife Sylvia Somerby. He graduated from Williams College in 1952. Participating on many athletic teams during his school years, one of his favorite memories was the selection of his Tabor Academy crew team for the Henley Regatta in England. Always a proud Veteran, he served as an officer in the United States Air Force during the Korean conflict. After earning his MBA from Harvard Business School in 1956, he spent his entire career working for IBM as an executive in marketing and sales. He and his wife Mary Louise Vincent settled in New Canaan in the early 1960s to raise their five children. His retirement years were spent as an active community participant, joining the North Naples Fire Control and Rescue Squad as a certified member of their emergency response team. He was a member of the Harvard Club of Naples, The Williams Club of Naples, and the English-Speaking Union. He is survived by his five children: Richard, Craig, Anne, Elizabeth and Daniel as well as 12 grandchildren and three great-grandchildren. The family will hold a private ceremony on Cape Cod, MA. 1/3 

ROBINS--Susan A.,of New York City, died peacefully on Tuesday, January 26, 2016. Devoted mother to Catherine Boucher and Frederic Weiss. 1/3 ROBINS--Susan A.,of New York City, died peacefully on Tuesday, January 26, 2016. Devoted mother to Catherine Boucher and Frederic Weiss. 1/3 

GROSS--Martin L. Martin L. Gross of New London, NH and Ocean Ridge, FL died on Tuesday, January 26, 2016 in Ushuaia, Argentina following a stroke suffered en route to Antarctica. He was 77 years old. Martin's adventures began in New York City where he was born on October 22, 1938. As a young child, Martin and his older brother, Woolf, were dispatched to summer camps and later to working cattle ranches in Utah during the summer months to escape the polio outbreaks that plagued New York City in the years following World War II. After high school, Martin headed north to Cambridge, MA where he attended both Harvard College and Harvard Law School, graduating from the latter in 1964. Before embarking on his first job as a law clerk in New Hampshire, Martin and his first wife, the late Caroline Lord Gross, purchased a Volkswagen pop-up camper and drove to Alaska with Martin's mother, Harriet. Harriet slept in the camper; Martin and Caroline slept outdoors in a tent. After several weeks of abysmal weather the camper was coated with a thick layer of adobe-colored mud. When the trio returned to Concord and washed the car for the first time, it was in pristine condition. Thereafter, Martin never worried much if his car was dirty. Following his clerkship, Martin joined the Concord, New Hampshire law firm of Sulloway & Hollis, P.L.L.C. from which he retired (while maintaining senior counsel status) in 2015 after more than 50 years of distinguished service to his clients and to the New Hampshire Bar. As with everything else in life, Martin viewed the practice of law as an adventure. He delighted in besting his adversaries and often developed long and lasting friendships with them. His in-house writing boot camps were legendary and his wit and charm were ever present at the office and in the courtroom. While working full-time as a Sulloway lawyer, Martin served three terms as the mayor of Concord. During these years, Martin developed a real talent for cooking. This was driven by necessity since Caroline's busy schedule at the State House meant she was often home late. Undeterred by a complete lack of training (and by a lifelong aversion to cookbooks) Martin channeled his inner top chef and produced thousands of wonderful meals for friends and family. The informal "Sunday Suppers" he enjoyed with his close friends Malcolm and Susan McLane, Liz and Dennis Hager and other dear Concord friends were a social staple. Six years after the loss of his beloved Caroline in 1993, fate intervened and Martin met his second wife, Deirdre Sheerr-Gross, architect, New London, NH. The meeting occurred at Chicago's O'Hare Airport where both were waiting to board a flight back to New Hampshire. It would turn out to be a kismet flight on United Airlines (friendly skies indeed!) with Deirdre sitting in seat 2B and Martin (who always flew coach and never paid for upgrades) inexplicably seated in seat 3B directly behind Deirdre. Seeing that seat 2A was open, Martin leaned over and graciously asked Deirdre "Can I buy you dinner?" They have been having dinner together ever since. This episode gave Martin plenty of fodder for his expansive repertoire of bad puns...."United" Airlines.... 2B or not to be.... Martin made the most of it. Six months later, in July 2000, Martin and Deirdre were married. During their 15 year marriage, Martin and Deirdre traveled the world. Despite temporary setbacks (Martin's surgeries, lost luggage, etc.) they visited South America, Africa, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Central America and multiple European countries. This past September, Martin and Deirdre rented an Airstream trailer and toured Grand Teton and Yellowstone parks; they did not have to sleep outdoors. Over the past few years, one of Martin's happiest endeavors was building a warm winter getaway in Ocean Ridge, FL. He loved living in a house designed by his wife, Deirdre. Two weeks ago, Martin and Deirdre left for Antarctica; a trip that was to be Martin's last great adventure. While southbound on his way to Antarctica on a cruise ship he suffered a stroke and had to be transferred to a passing northbound vessel. That ship docked safely in Ushuaia (the cruise's point of origin) where Martin underwent surgery to relieve a subdural hematoma. Despite excellent care and a successful surgery, Martin contracted an infection from which he did not recover. Martin loved the spontaneity and unpredictability of travel. He would have appreciated the irony of his last great adventure. Martin is survived by his wife, Deirdre Sheerr-Gross, of New London, NH; his brother, Woolf Gross (spouse Lucy) of Arlington, VA; a nephew, William Gross, of Arlington, VA; two cousins, John and Charles Gross, both of New York City, and his brother-in-law (affectionately referred to as "hermano west," Hugh McCrystal (spouse Polly). In addition, Martin is survived by dozens of close friends including his childhood friend, Peter Soloman (who Martin always introduced as "the man I've never not known"), Will and Sherry Rogers and their two daughters, Anne and Catherine (who were Martin's goddaughters and who lovingly called him "Uncle Martin"), Peter and Jean Burling, Rick and Karla Karash, Alex Bernhart and Myra Mayman, Merwyn and Carol Bagan, and others too numerous to name. In honor of Martin's extraordinary service to his community, donations can be made to the New Hampshire Charitable Foundation (on whose board he served for many years), to the Capitol Center for the Arts, to New Hampshire Public Radio, or to the charity of one's choice. Funeral arrangements and information about a celebration of Martin's life will be announced at a later date. 1/3 GROSS--Martin L. Martin L. Gross of New London, NH and Ocean Ridge, FL died on Tuesday, January 26, 2016 in Ushuaia, Argentina following a stroke suffered en route to Antarctica. He was 77 years old. Martin's adventures began in New York City where he was born on October 22, 1938. As a young child, Martin and his older brother, Woolf, were dispatched to summer camps and later to working cattle ranches in Utah during the summer months to escape the polio outbreaks that plagued New York City in the years following World War II. After high school, Martin headed north to Cambridge, MA where he attended both Harvard College and Harvard Law School, graduating from the latter in 1964. Before embarking on his first job as a law clerk in New Hampshire, Martin and his first wife, the late Caroline Lord Gross, purchased a Volkswagen pop-up camper and drove to Alaska with Martin's mother, Harriet. Harriet slept in the camper; Martin and Caroline slept outdoors in a tent. After several weeks of abysmal weather the camper was coated with a thick layer of adobe-colored mud. When the trio returned to Concord and washed the car for the first time, it was in pristine condition. Thereafter, Martin never worried much if his car was dirty. Following his clerkship, Martin joined the Concord, New Hampshire law firm of Sulloway & Hollis, P.L.L.C. from which he retired (while maintaining senior counsel status) in 2015 after more than 50 years of distinguished service to his clients and to the New Hampshire Bar. As with everything else in life, Martin viewed the practice of law as an adventure. He delighted in besting his adversaries and often developed long and lasting friendships with them. His in-house writing boot camps were legendary and his wit and charm were ever present at the office and in the courtroom. While working full-time as a Sulloway lawyer, Martin served three terms as the mayor of Concord. During these years, Martin developed a real talent for cooking. This was driven by necessity since Caroline's busy schedule at the State House meant she was often home late. Undeterred by a complete lack of training (and by a lifelong aversion to cookbooks) Martin channeled his inner top chef and produced thousands of wonderful meals for friends and family. The informal "Sunday Suppers" he enjoyed with his close friends Malcolm and Susan McLane, Liz and Dennis Hager and other dear Concord friends were a social staple. Six years after the loss of his beloved Caroline in 1993, fate intervened and Martin met his second wife, Deirdre Sheerr-Gross, architect, New London, NH. The meeting occurred at Chicago's O'Hare Airport where both were waiting to board a flight back to New Hampshire. It would turn out to be a kismet flight on United Airlines (friendly skies indeed!) with Deirdre sitting in seat 2B and Martin (who always flew coach and never paid for upgrades) inexplicably seated in seat 3B directly behind Deirdre. Seeing that seat 2A was open, Martin leaned over and graciously asked Deirdre "Can I buy you dinner?" They have been having dinner together ever since. This episode gave Martin plenty of fodder for his expansive repertoire of bad puns...."United" Airlines.... 2B or not to be.... Martin made the most of it. Six months later, in July 2000, Martin and Deirdre were married. During their 15 year marriage, Martin and Deirdre traveled the world. Despite temporary setbacks (Martin's surgeries, lost luggage, etc.) they visited South America, Africa, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Central America and multiple European countries. This past September, Martin and Deirdre rented an Airstream trailer and toured Grand Teton and Yellowstone parks; they did not have to sleep outdoors. Over the past few years, one of Martin's happiest endeavors was building a warm winter getaway in Ocean Ridge, FL. He loved living in a house designed by his wife, Deirdre. Two weeks ago, Martin and Deirdre left for Antarctica; a trip that was to be Martin's last great adventure. While southbound on his way to Antarctica on a cruise ship he suffered a stroke and had to be transferred to a passing northbound vessel. That ship docked safely in Ushuaia (the cruise's point of origin) where Martin underwent surgery to relieve a subdural hematoma. Despite excellent care and a successful surgery, Martin contracted an infection from which he did not recover. Martin loved the spontaneity and unpredictability of travel. He would have appreciated the irony of his last great adventure. Martin is survived by his wife, Deirdre Sheerr-Gross, of New London, NH; his brother, Woolf Gross (spouse Lucy) of Arlington, VA; a nephew, William Gross, of Arlington, VA; two cousins, John and Charles Gross, both of New York City, and his brother-in-law (affectionately referred to as "hermano west," Hugh McCrystal (spouse Polly). In addition, Martin is survived by dozens of close friends including his childhood friend, Peter Soloman (who Martin always introduced as "the man I've never not known"), Will and Sherry Rogers and their two daughters, Anne and Catherine (who were Martin's goddaughters and who lovingly called him "Uncle Martin"), Peter and Jean Burling, Rick and Karla Karash, Alex Bernhart and Myra Mayman, Merwyn and Carol Bagan, and others too numerous to name. In honor of Martin's extraordinary service to his community, donations can be made to the New Hampshire Charitable Foundation (on whose board he served for many years), to the Capitol Center for the Arts, to New Hampshire Public Radio, or to the charity of one's choice. Funeral arrangements and information about a celebration of Martin's life will be announced at a later date. 1/3 

REICH--Dr. Robert (Bob), a psychiatrist who treated patients in his Upper East Side and Great Neck practices and a clinical assistant professor at Mt. Sinai Medical School, died on Monday at 79. Born in Montreal, he attended McGill University, edited The McGill Daily, and earned his M.D. at the University of Saskatchewan, where he met Mary, his wife of 54 years. As head of Psychiatry for the New York City Welfare Department under Mayor Koch, he waged a prescient fight against the impending homeless crisis. His patients ranged from celebrities to the indigent, and he was deeply committed to each one as an individual. A broad smile and a winning sense of humor told you instantly that you were in the presence of someone who would sympathetically take the full measure of your being. His stamina was superhuman; he worked long hours and still made himself available round the clock until the day he entered the hospital. His involvement was uncommonly broad, running from child to geriatric, from drugs and talk therapy, to being a pioneer in public psychiatry. Lover of hootenannies, Leadbelly, and opera; gourmet and wine connoisseur; tennis player and fan; magnanimous host and storyteller, Dr. Reich is survived by Mary, two children, Jim and Sharon, and three grandchildren. A funeral service will be held at Riverside North Chapel in Great Neck, on Friday, January 29, at 11:30 am. 1/3 REICH--Dr. Robert (Bob), a psychiatrist who treated patients in his Upper East Side and Great Neck practices and a clinical assistant professor at Mt. Sinai Medical School, died on Monday at 79. Born in Montreal, he attended McGill University, edited The McGill Daily, and earned his M.D. at the University of Saskatchewan, where he met Mary, his wife of 54 years. As head of Psychiatry for the New York City Welfare Department under Mayor Koch, he waged a prescient fight against the impending homeless crisis. His patients ranged from celebrities to the indigent, and he was deeply committed to each one as an individual. A broad smile and a winning sense of humor told you instantly that you were in the presence of someone who would sympathetically take the full measure of your being. His stamina was superhuman; he worked long hours and still made himself available round the clock until the day he entered the hospital. His involvement was uncommonly broad, running from child to geriatric, from drugs and talk therapy, to being a pioneer in public psychiatry. Lover of hootenannies, Leadbelly, and opera; gourmet and wine connoisseur; tennis player and fan; magnanimous host and storyteller, Dr. Reich is survived by Mary, two children, Jim and Sharon, and three grandchildren. A funeral service will be held at Riverside North Chapel in Great Neck, on Friday, January 29, at 11:30 am. 1/3 

PECK--Robert. Robert Beryl Peck, died peacefully at home on January 23, 2016. Born December 24, 1924 to Joseph and Mary Peck, he was raised in New Rochelle, NY and graduated from New Rochelle High School. A longtime resident of Chappaqua, NY, he was married for 56 years to Jane Reiffel Peck who predeceased him. He lived a full and interesting life filled with happiness and love and always considered himself to be a lucky man. After serving in the US Navy, he graduated from The University of Michigan and earned a graduate degree from Columbia University. During his career as a stockbroker and member of The New York Stock Exchange, he was a co-founder and partner at Kahn, Peck & Company and later a Managing Director at Burnham Securities. A great believer in community service, he gave generously of his time and served on the board of The New Castle Historical Society, The Chappaqua Library, The Horace Greeley Education Fund, The New Castle Board of Architectural Review and was a board member at Human Development Services of Westchester, a charitable organization his parents helped found in 1968 as Futura House. Bob Peck was a devoted family man who, along with his beloved Jane, played an active role in the lives of his children and grandchildren. Always looking forward to the next adventure, he was an avid pilot of his Cherokee Six, competitive tennis player, fine craftsman and woodworker, lifelong sailor and world traveler. He was a longtime member of The University Club. He leaves three daughters: Lisa MacPhail and husband, Allen MacPhail, Amy Peck and husband, Ralph Sinsheimer, Susan Kineke and husband, Paul Kineke. Pop-Pop to his eight grandchildren: Lucy MacPhail, Bryan MacPhail (Allison Butler MacPhail), Kate MacPhail, Max Sinsheimer, Ted Sinsheimer, Molly Sinsheimer, Emily Kineke and Jay Kineke and his great-grandchildren: William, Lila, Jane, Georgia, Hadley and Graham MacPhail. He also leaves his sister, Emily Halpern and many nieces, nephews and cousins. He will be missed. In lieu of flowers, a donation to Human Development Services of Westchester in Robert Peck's memory would be greatly appreciated by the family. HDSW, 930 Mamaroneck Avenue, Mamaroneck, NY 10543. 1/3 PECK--Robert. Robert Beryl Peck, died peacefully at home on January 23, 2016. Born December 24, 1924 to Joseph and Mary Peck, he was raised in New Rochelle, NY and graduated from New Rochelle High School. A longtime resident of Chappaqua, NY, he was married for 56 years to Jane Reiffel Peck who predeceased him. He lived a full and interesting life filled with happiness and love and always considered himself to be a lucky man. After serving in the US Navy, he graduated from The University of Michigan and earned a graduate degree from Columbia University. During his career as a stockbroker and member of The New York Stock Exchange, he was a co-founder and partner at Kahn, Peck & Company and later a Managing Director at Burnham Securities. A great believer in community service, he gave generously of his time and served on the board of The New Castle Historical Society, The Chappaqua Library, The Horace Greeley Education Fund, The New Castle Board of Architectural Review and was a board member at Human Development Services of Westchester, a charitable organization his parents helped found in 1968 as Futura House. Bob Peck was a devoted family man who, along with his beloved Jane, played an active role in the lives of his children and grandchildren. Always looking forward to the next adventure, he was an avid pilot of his Cherokee Six, competitive tennis player, fine craftsman and woodworker, lifelong sailor and world traveler. He was a longtime member of The University Club. He leaves three daughters: Lisa MacPhail and husband, Allen MacPhail, Amy Peck and husband, Ralph Sinsheimer, Susan Kineke and husband, Paul Kineke. Pop-Pop to his eight grandchildren: Lucy MacPhail, Bryan MacPhail (Allison Butler MacPhail), Kate MacPhail, Max Sinsheimer, Ted Sinsheimer, Molly Sinsheimer, Emily Kineke and Jay Kineke and his great-grandchildren: William, Lila, Jane, Georgia, Hadley and Graham MacPhail. He also leaves his sister, Emily Halpern and many nieces, nephews and cousins. He will be missed. In lieu of flowers, a donation to Human Development Services of Westchester in Robert Peck's memory would be greatly appreciated by the family. HDSW, 930 Mamaroneck Avenue, Mamaroneck, NY 10543. 1/3 

HAUSSERMANN--Joanne McCoy, has died at age 85 on January 25, 2016, in East Providence, RI. A resident of Wellesley, MA, she was the daughter of the late William D. and Ruby Jordan McCoy, ever dear to them and her survivors, which are her two sisters, niece, nephews, brother-in-law, sister-in-law and extended family, and three stepdaughters. They have known a beautiful woman of loving warmth with an utter devotion to family, and a soaring intelligence. Known to many as Jo, she was an avid reader and much enjoyed music, particularly classical, and political discussions. After graduating from Dana Hall School, her work career began at the switchboard of a Boston financial company, followed by many years at Vance Sanders, and in time, for its general counsel, Arthur Hausserman. Later, a marriage brought great happiness to them both. She was predeceased by her husband and her brother. A service will be held Thursday, February 4, at 11am, Newton Cemetery Chapel, 791 Walnut Street, Newton Center, MA. Her family suggests contributions in Joanne's name to the charity of your choice, but requests no flowers. 1/3 HAUSSERMANN--Joanne McCoy, has died at age 85 on January 25, 2016, in East Providence, RI. A resident of Wellesley, MA, she was the daughter of the late William D. and Ruby Jordan McCoy, ever dear to them and her survivors, which are her two sisters, niece, nephews, brother-in-law, sister-in-law and extended family, and three stepdaughters. They have known a beautiful woman of loving warmth with an utter devotion to family, and a soaring intelligence. Known to many as Jo, she was an avid reader and much enjoyed music, particularly classical, and political discussions. After graduating from Dana Hall School, her work career began at the switchboard of a Boston financial company, followed by many years at Vance Sanders, and in time, for its general counsel, Arthur Hausserman. Later, a marriage brought great happiness to them both. She was predeceased by her husband and her brother. A service will be held Thursday, February 4, at 11am, Newton Cemetery Chapel, 791 Walnut Street, Newton Center, MA. Her family suggests contributions in Joanne's name to the charity of your choice, but requests no flowers. 1/3 

FINBERG--Laurence, MD. Leader in Academic Pediatrics: Born May 20, 1923, died January 22, 2016. Laurence Finberg, a pediatrician and scientist, was known for his contributions to the management of salt and water balance in children. He served as Chair of Pediatrics at the State University of New York (SUNY) at Downstate in Brooklyn from 1982- 1994, and was Dean of the School of Medicine at SUNY Downstate from 1988-1991. A native of Chicago, Dr. Finberg received an SB (1944) and MD degree (1946) from the University of Chicago. In August, 1950 during a major epidemic of poliomyelitis, when he was the Admitting Officer for Contagious Diseases at Baltimore City Hospitals, he took the bold step of integrating previously segregated medical services by admitting an African American adult to previously all white wards, breaking the color barrier. Dr. Finberg served on the faculty at Johns Hopkins from 1951-1963. He became Chair of Pediatrics at Montefiore Hospital and Professor of Pediatrics at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in 1963. After moving to San Francisco in 1995, he continued to teach Pediatrics, serving on the faculty of both Stanford and UCSF medical schools. Dr. Finberg was beloved by medical students and residents and as teacher and served as a role model for countless young physicians and aspiring physicians. His work led to life-saving treatment for children, especially children from disadvantaged backgrounds all over the world, who have been the victims of dehydration. Dr. Finberg was Chair of the Academy of Pediatrics Committees on Nutrition and Environmental Hazards. An expert in the diagnosis and treatment of lead poisoning in children, he promoted the idea of testing the environment (obtaining lead levels in paint and other areas in the environment), rather than waiting to find high levels in the blood of children. His arguments against "using children as the canaries in the coal mine," changed the emphasis and undoubtedly prevented disease in many children exposed to peeling paint and poor housing conditions. A gentle man, he was incredibly devoted to his friends and family, and will be remembered for his good natured sense of humor that lightened all occasions. In addition to being a devoted husband, father, grandfather, and great-grandfather, he is remembered by his family and friends for his love of chocolate, travel, good wines, and the Chicago Cubs. He is survived by his wife of 20 years, Joann Quane-Finberg, his children Robert W. Finberg, Jeanne Finberg, James M. Finberg, their spouses Joyce, Robert, Melanie, and many loving grandchildren and great-grand children. His first wife, Harriet Levinson Finberg, died in 1994 after 49 years of marriage. 1/3 FINBERG--Laurence, MD. Leader in Academic Pediatrics: Born May 20, 1923, died January 22, 2016. Laurence Finberg, a pediatrician and scientist, was known for his contributions to the management of salt and water balance in children. He served as Chair of Pediatrics at the State University of New York (SUNY) at Downstate in Brooklyn from 1982- 1994, and was Dean of the School of Medicine at SUNY Downstate from 1988-1991. A native of Chicago, Dr. Finberg received an SB (1944) and MD degree (1946) from the University of Chicago. In August, 1950 during a major epidemic of poliomyelitis, when he was the Admitting Officer for Contagious Diseases at Baltimore City Hospitals, he took the bold step of integrating previously segregated medical services by admitting an African American adult to previously all white wards, breaking the color barrier. Dr. Finberg served on the faculty at Johns Hopkins from 1951-1963. He became Chair of Pediatrics at Montefiore Hospital and Professor of Pediatrics at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in 1963. After moving to San Francisco in 1995, he continued to teach Pediatrics, serving on the faculty of both Stanford and UCSF medical schools. Dr. Finberg was beloved by medical students and residents and as teacher and served as a role model for countless young physicians and aspiring physicians. His work led to life-saving treatment for children, especially children from disadvantaged backgrounds all over the world, who have been the victims of dehydration. Dr. Finberg was Chair of the Academy of Pediatrics Committees on Nutrition and Environmental Hazards. An expert in the diagnosis and treatment of lead poisoning in children, he promoted the idea of testing the environment (obtaining lead levels in paint and other areas in the environment), rather than waiting to find high levels in the blood of children. His arguments against "using children as the canaries in the coal mine," changed the emphasis and undoubtedly prevented disease in many children exposed to peeling paint and poor housing conditions. A gentle man, he was incredibly devoted to his friends and family, and will be remembered for his good natured sense of humor that lightened all occasions. In addition to being a devoted husband, father, grandfather, and great-grandfather, he is remembered by his family and friends for his love of chocolate, travel, good wines, and the Chicago Cubs. He is survived by his wife of 20 years, Joann Quane-Finberg, his children Robert W. Finberg, Jeanne Finberg, James M. Finberg, their spouses Joyce, Robert, Melanie, and many loving grandchildren and great-grand children. His first wife, Harriet Levinson Finberg, died in 1994 after 49 years of marriage. 1/3 

COOPER--Richard A. Richard A. "Buz" Cooper, MD, a pioneering cancer research scientist who became one of the world's leading authorities on physician supply and the causes of healthcare disparities, died peacefully at home in New York City on January 15, 2016. During more than 50 years as a physician-scientist, Dr. Cooper had a distinguished and diverse career. He began his clinical and investigative training in hematology and oncology in the 1960s at the National Cancer Institute and Boston City Hospital's Thorndike Laboratory. He later joined the University of Pennsylvania faculty as Chief of Hematology, founded the Abramson Cancer Center, and taught in the Leonard Davis Institute, both at Penn. A native of Milwaukee, Dr. Cooper returned there as dean of the Medical College of Wisconsin in 1985, subsequently founding and directing MCW's Health Policy Institute. Among the first to recognize a potential doctor shortage, Dr. Cooper was a leading authority on the economic and social dynamics underlying healthcare spending and utilization. Increasingly he studied healthcare through the lens of poverty; his book about the effect of income inequality on poor healthcare outcomes will be published by Johns Hopkins University Press later this year. He was preceded in death by his first wife, Jacqueline Cooper, and is survived by his second wife, Andrea Pastor; his current wife, Barrie Cassileth; daughter, Stephanie (David) Cooper Cornelius; son, Jonathan (Eileen Harris) Cooper; and grandchildren, Jordan, Matthew, and Halle Cooper. A memorial commemorating Dr. Cooper's life and achievements is planned for a future date. Contributions may be made to The Cooper Family Research Fund, care of either the University of Pennsylvania Abramson Cancer Center Development Office, 3535 Market Street, Ste. 750, Philadelphia PA 19104, or the Medical College of Wisconsin, 8701 Watertown Plank Road, Milwaukee WI 53226-0509. 1/3 COOPER--Richard A. Richard A. "Buz" Cooper, MD, a pioneering cancer research scientist who became one of the world's leading authorities on physician supply and the causes of healthcare disparities, died peacefully at home in New York City on January 15, 2016. During more than 50 years as a physician-scientist, Dr. Cooper had a distinguished and diverse career. He began his clinical and investigative training in hematology and oncology in the 1960s at the National Cancer Institute and Boston City Hospital's Thorndike Laboratory. He later joined the University of Pennsylvania faculty as Chief of Hematology, founded the Abramson Cancer Center, and taught in the Leonard Davis Institute, both at Penn. A native of Milwaukee, Dr. Cooper returned there as dean of the Medical College of Wisconsin in 1985, subsequently founding and directing MCW's Health Policy Institute. Among the first to recognize a potential doctor shortage, Dr. Cooper was a leading authority on the economic and social dynamics underlying healthcare spending and utilization. Increasingly he studied healthcare through the lens of poverty; his book about the effect of income inequality on poor healthcare outcomes will be published by Johns Hopkins University Press later this year. He was preceded in death by his first wife, Jacqueline Cooper, and is survived by his second wife, Andrea Pastor; his current wife, Barrie Cassileth; daughter, Stephanie (David) Cooper Cornelius; son, Jonathan (Eileen Harris) Cooper; and grandchildren, Jordan, Matthew, and Halle Cooper. A memorial commemorating Dr. Cooper's life and achievements is planned for a future date. Contributions may be made to The Cooper Family Research Fund, care of either the University of Pennsylvania Abramson Cancer Center Development Office, 3535 Market Street, Ste. 750, Philadelphia PA 19104, or the Medical College of Wisconsin, 8701 Watertown Plank Road, Milwaukee WI 53226-0509. 1/3 

DRAZEN--Ruth Yorkin. We mourn the loss of Ruth Yorkin Drazen-mother, filmmaker and pioneer in genetics-who died quietly in her sleep on Monday evening at the age of 97. Ruth was born in Washington, PA on May 15, 1918, the daughter of Jesse Sachs Yorkin and Maurice A. Yorkin. Ruth adored classical music from early childhood on, studying piano at the Curtis School of Music with Henry Kaufman. In 1938 she married fellow Curtis student, Mario Berini, and they moved to New York City, where Mario began his career as a tenor with the Met. Their only child, Anton, died in infancy of a rare genetic disease, and Ruth's grief sparked her interest in curing genetic illnesses. She spent years working tirelessly as executive director of The Muscular Dystrophy Association and The National Genetics Foundation. When her second husband, New York attorney Jerome Drazen, died of prostate cancer in 1988, she developed an abiding passion for the subject of humanism in medicine, expressing it through the making of documentary films, which she continued to create into her early nineties. Her first film, "When Doctors Get Cancer," was a sensitive look at doctors treating other doctors, in the hope that it might make more humane the care that physicians gave, when they were able to observe themselves as cancer patients. Five other award-winning films followed, most of them shown on PBS. They included, "The Choice is Yours," the inspirational life of the great psychiatrist, Victor Frankl, "A Wayfayer's Journey; Listening to Mahler;" "Notes From the Edge, the Diary of Peter J. Morgan, M.D.," an intimate narrative of the last two years of the life of a 29-year old physician diagnosed with cancer, and "Healing Through Humanism," a five DVD teaching series devoted to the practice of compassionate medicine. Ruth was an intellectual and spiritual inspiration to everyone she touched, and will be sorely missed. Ruth is survived by a son, Myron Drazen and daughter-in-law, Lucille; a sister, Martha Yorkin Berman; two step-sons, Michael and Roger Drazen and seven grandchildren, Julie, Debra, Jacob, Dylan, Emily, Kate and Zoe Drazen. She was predeceased by a son, Anton Berini, as well as brother Alan "Bud" Yorkin; husbands Mario Berini and Jerome Drazen. 1/3 DRAZEN--Ruth Yorkin. We mourn the loss of Ruth Yorkin Drazen-mother, filmmaker and pioneer in genetics-who died quietly in her sleep on Monday evening at the age of 97. Ruth was born in Washington, PA on May 15, 1918, the daughter of Jesse Sachs Yorkin and Maurice A. Yorkin. Ruth adored classical music from early childhood on, studying piano at the Curtis School of Music with Henry Kaufman. In 1938 she married fellow Curtis student, Mario Berini, and they moved to New York City, where Mario began his career as a tenor with the Met. Their only child, Anton, died in infancy of a rare genetic disease, and Ruth's grief sparked her interest in curing genetic illnesses. She spent years working tirelessly as executive director of The Muscular Dystrophy Association and The National Genetics Foundation. When her second husband, New York attorney Jerome Drazen, died of prostate cancer in 1988, she developed an abiding passion for the subject of humanism in medicine, expressing it through the making of documentary films, which she continued to create into her early nineties. Her first film, "When Doctors Get Cancer," was a sensitive look at doctors treating other doctors, in the hope that it might make more humane the care that physicians gave, when they were able to observe themselves as cancer patients. Five other award-winning films followed, most of them shown on PBS. They included, "The Choice is Yours," the inspirational life of the great psychiatrist, Victor Frankl, "A Wayfayer's Journey; Listening to Mahler;" "Notes From the Edge, the Diary of Peter J. Morgan, M.D.," an intimate narrative of the last two years of the life of a 29-year old physician diagnosed with cancer, and "Healing Through Humanism," a five DVD teaching series devoted to the practice of compassionate medicine. Ruth was an intellectual and spiritual inspiration to everyone she touched, and will be sorely missed. Ruth is survived by a son, Myron Drazen and daughter-in-law, Lucille; a sister, Martha Yorkin Berman; two step-sons, Michael and Roger Drazen and seven grandchildren, Julie, Debra, Jacob, Dylan, Emily, Kate and Zoe Drazen. She was predeceased by a son, Anton Berini, as well as brother Alan "Bud" Yorkin; husbands Mario Berini and Jerome Drazen. 1/3 

PICKUS--Robert, who devoted his life to developing non-violent alternatives to war, died on January 26 in St. Helena, CA. He was 92. He is survived by his wife, Sara, his sons Joshua and Noah, and his grandchildren Linkon, Micah, Reed and Mira. 1/3 PICKUS--Robert, who devoted his life to developing non-violent alternatives to war, died on January 26 in St. Helena, CA. He was 92. He is survived by his wife, Sara, his sons Joshua and Noah, and his grandchildren Linkon, Micah, Reed and Mira. 1/3 

GILBERT--Elaine. Elaine Caplan Gilbert, 89, on January 27, 2016. Beloved of the late Marvin (Bud) Gilbert; cherished mother of Scott (Anne) and Glen (Beth); adored grandmother of Daniel (Leah), Sarah (Zach), David, Rebecca (Scott) and Samantha; loving great-grandmother of Natalia; dear sister of Joan Cohen. A vivacious woman of great beauty and charm, she will forever be in our hearts. Graveside services to be held at Mt. Hebron Cemetery, Flushing, NY on January 31 at 11am. Contributions in Elaine's memory may be made to the Alzheimer's Association, 2900 Westchester Ave., Purchase, NY 10577. 1/3 GILBERT--Elaine. Elaine Caplan Gilbert, 89, on January 27, 2016. Beloved of the late Marvin (Bud) Gilbert; cherished mother of Scott (Anne) and Glen (Beth); adored grandmother of Daniel (Leah), Sarah (Zach), David, Rebecca (Scott) and Samantha; loving great-grandmother of Natalia; dear sister of Joan Cohen. A vivacious woman of great beauty and charm, she will forever be in our hearts. Graveside services to be held at Mt. Hebron Cemetery, Flushing, NY on January 31 at 11am. Contributions in Elaine's memory may be made to the Alzheimer's Association, 2900 Westchester Ave., Purchase, NY 10577. 1/3 

GOODMAN--Carol A.,Beloved wife for 60 years of the late Daniel R. Goodman, passed away peacefully at home on January 26, 2016. She is survived by her children, Robert and Kenneth Goodman, Barbara G. Pommer and husband, Russ, and grandchildren, Stacy, Zachary, Tyler and Jacob. Services took place at Temple Beth El 333 SW 4th Ave., Boca Raton, FL on January 29, 2016. Please send donations to the Alzheimer's Association (www.ALZ.org) 1/3 GOODMAN--Carol A.,Beloved wife for 60 years of the late Daniel R. Goodman, passed away peacefully at home on January 26, 2016. She is survived by her children, Robert and Kenneth Goodman, Barbara G. Pommer and husband, Russ, and grandchildren, Stacy, Zachary, Tyler and Jacob. Services took place at Temple Beth El 333 SW 4th Ave., Boca Raton, FL on January 29, 2016. Please send donations to the Alzheimer's Association (www.ALZ.org) 1/3 

KIBEL--Henry. After 96 years of laughing, loving, shouting, learning, teaching, and building, Henry, the beloved patriarch of the Kibel family, passed away peacefully Wednesday night surrounded by family and friends. Henry created a wonderful life for his family and for the many others who benefited from his generosity. He graduated from Stuyvesant High School, William & Mary College and Yale University School of Architecture. He was a naval officer in the South Pacific during World War II. Henry was an architect, a builder and an artist. He built thousands of apartments in New York City. Every part of the development process carried his imprint. Henry was a master of making things-creating gave him joy. Whether he was building an apartment tower or creating illustrations that accompany the recipes of the renowned chef Andre Soltner's cookbook, Henry's passion never stopped. In addition to the building legacy he created, Henry was, in his own words, the inventor of important things: the 12" kitchen cabinet and innovative real estate advertising- including the successful campaign for 85 John Street, 'featuring lousy views and flushing toilets.' The fancy suspender companies will sorely miss Henry, who supported their industry and whose industry supported his pants. Although he oversalted everything, he managed to live to 96. On second thought, his memory was not so great for the last 10 years, so maybe the salt was not so good. Henry is survived by his sister, three children, eight grandchildren, and many nephews and nieces. The funeral will be held on Friday, January 29 at 11:30am at Frank Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue. We will sorely miss him. The Kibel and Levenson Families 1/3 KIBEL--Henry. After 96 years of laughing, loving, shouting, learning, teaching, and building, Henry, the beloved patriarch of the Kibel family, passed away peacefully Wednesday night surrounded by family and friends. Henry created a wonderful life for his family and for the many others who benefited from his generosity. He graduated from Stuyvesant High School, William & Mary College and Yale University School of Architecture. He was a naval officer in the South Pacific during World War II. Henry was an architect, a builder and an artist. He built thousands of apartments in New York City. Every part of the development process carried his imprint. Henry was a master of making things-creating gave him joy. Whether he was building an apartment tower or creating illustrations that accompany the recipes of the renowned chef Andre Soltner's cookbook, Henry's passion never stopped. In addition to the building legacy he created, Henry was, in his own words, the inventor of important things: the 12" kitchen cabinet and innovative real estate advertising- including the successful campaign for 85 John Street, 'featuring lousy views and flushing toilets.' The fancy suspender companies will sorely miss Henry, who supported their industry and whose industry supported his pants. Although he oversalted everything, he managed to live to 96. On second thought, his memory was not so great for the last 10 years, so maybe the salt was not so good. Henry is survived by his sister, three children, eight grandchildren, and many nephews and nieces. The funeral will be held on Friday, January 29 at 11:30am at Frank Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue. We will sorely miss him. The Kibel and Levenson Families 1/3 

MALLETT--Richard D. 88, on December 16, 2015. Beloved husband of Helene, loving father of Anna. 1/3 MALLETT--Richard D. 88, on December 16, 2015. Beloved husband of Helene, loving father of Anna. 1/3 

DEUTSCH--David. Happy Birthday David. Beloved husband, father, brother, uncle and papa. We love you so much and miss you every second of every day. 1/3 DEUTSCH--David. Happy Birthday David. Beloved husband, father, brother, uncle and papa. We love you so much and miss you every second of every day. 1/3 

KAPLAN--Richard D. Your spirit and generosity will forever remain in our hearts. The joy you brought to all of us was a gift. To his wife Edwina Sandys we send our love and support. Dr. Steven Rose & Dale Coudert The Coudert Institute Board of Directors, Members & the Staff. 1/3 KAPLAN--Richard D. Your spirit and generosity will forever remain in our hearts. The joy you brought to all of us was a gift. To his wife Edwina Sandys we send our love and support. Dr. Steven Rose & Dale Coudert The Coudert Institute Board of Directors, Members & the Staff. 1/3 

SLOAN--Howard, WWII bomber pilot, former Chairman of New York Blood Center, died at 91. From a base in East Anglia during World War II, 19 year old Howard Sloan flew 33 missions over Germany. His B-24 was named "The Stork Club." When praised for his bravery, he would invariably respond: "Was there a choice?" Cheers erupted from a crowd on the beach when, piloting his plane home to the states after the war, he dipped his wings over the Inwood Country Club. Mr. Sloan was born in New York City on March 20, 1924. He graduated from the Woodmere Academy and Pawling Preparatory School, and received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Yale University, Class of '45W. He and his late wife, Sonny, along with George and Barbara Bush, were the only two married couples on campus. Dreams of business school were dashed by financial necessity and he joined his father's insurance company, Harris, Sloan and Finn. Characteristically, he turned the experience into a colorful one, representing clients such as Restaurant Associates; Richard Burton, who dispatched him to Rome to deliver a diamond he'd bought at auction for Elizabeth Taylor, or Cartier to present a love bracelet to Valentino, who insisted Howard personally fasten it on his wrist. He became an art insurer, developing great interest and knowledge of art in the process, befriending numerous artists and inspiring a lifetime of collecting: Mayan and PreColumbian sculpture, works by artists as diverse as Giacometti and Bill King, Henry Moore and Lindner. He acquired an art gallery, Multiples, for his wife, Sonny, and Marian Goodman to run. In 1990, he was invited by his friend and mentor, Charles Wohlstetter, to become a partner in the latter's acquisitions of hundreds of independent telephone companies from Alaska to California. They formed Continental Telephone, later known as Contel, in 1962. The company then agreed to be acquired by GTE, a combination that created the nation's largest local telephone company. Sloan remained on the Board of GTE until it was restructured as Verizon. In 1968, an American syndicate acquired an 18th century chateau in Bordeaux with Wohlstetter and Sloan installed as new owners. Chateau Bouscaut was the second most beautiful vineyard in Bordeaux, Sloan proclaimed, second, he said, because he didn't want to boast. Among the many American guests who flocked to visit, his favorite was Mary Lindsay, whom he overheard saying to her husband, then mayor of NYC, "John, if I have to see one more vineyard, I'll kill myself." To Sloan's eternal regret, Bouscat was sold in 1980. Mayor Lindsay brought Sloan onto the board of the Vivian Beaumont Theatre in 1984. At that time, according to Andre Bishop, current artistic director, "Nobody would give you a nickel for the Beaumont." It is now one of the leading theatrical companies in New York, if not the world. Mr. Sloan served on the Board until his death on Thursday. In 1977, Sloan joined the Board of Trustees of the New York Blood Center, of which he was Chairman from 1993 to 2000, nominating his successor, Howard Milstein. In January 2013, a congressional extension prepared by Representative Carolyn Maloney in recognition of Mr. Sloan's 15 years of distinguished service and dedication to NYBC's mission, was entered into the congressional record. She cited his humanitarian status and commended his leadership and tireless advocacy. For several years, he presided as Chairman of Northside Center for Child Development, founded by Kenneth and Mamie Clarke, earning a colleague's recent comment, "There was a time this place wouldn't have existed without Howard Sloan." He and his wife are to be honored for their dedication to Northside at a gala in May 2017. Howard Sloan died of kidney failure in Columbia-Presbyterian Hospital on January 21, 2016. Handsome as a film star, he will be remembered for his elegance and extraordinary wit. He is survived by his wife, Barbara; two daughters, Kathryn Roth of Weston, Massachusetts, Gillis Cone of Woodbury, Connecticut; a son, Douglas Sloan, of Palm Beach; a stepdaughter, Paulette Bartlett Robinson, of Los Angeles, and four grandchildren. Interment will be private and a memorial service will take place at Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home on Wednesday, February 10th. 1/3 SLOAN--Howard, WWII bomber pilot, former Chairman of New York Blood Center, died at 91. From a base in East Anglia during World War II, 19 year old Howard Sloan flew 33 missions over Germany. His B-24 was named "The Stork Club." When praised for his bravery, he would invariably respond: "Was there a choice?" Cheers erupted from a crowd on the beach when, piloting his plane home to the states after the war, he dipped his wings over the Inwood Country Club. Mr. Sloan was born in New York City on March 20, 1924. He graduated from the Woodmere Academy and Pawling Preparatory School, and received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Yale University, Class of '45W. He and his late wife, Sonny, along with George and Barbara Bush, were the only two married couples on campus. Dreams of business school were dashed by financial necessity and he joined his father's insurance company, Harris, Sloan and Finn. Characteristically, he turned the experience into a colorful one, representing clients such as Restaurant Associates; Richard Burton, who dispatched him to Rome to deliver a diamond he'd bought at auction for Elizabeth Taylor, or Cartier to present a love bracelet to Valentino, who insisted Howard personally fasten it on his wrist. He became an art insurer, developing great interest and knowledge of art in the process, befriending numerous artists and inspiring a lifetime of collecting: Mayan and PreColumbian sculpture, works by artists as diverse as Giacometti and Bill King, Henry Moore and Lindner. He acquired an art gallery, Multiples, for his wife, Sonny, and Marian Goodman to run. In 1990, he was invited by his friend and mentor, Charles Wohlstetter, to become a partner in the latter's acquisitions of hundreds of independent telephone companies from Alaska to California. They formed Continental Telephone, later known as Contel, in 1962. The company then agreed to be acquired by GTE, a combination that created the nation's largest local telephone company. Sloan remained on the Board of GTE until it was restructured as Verizon. In 1968, an American syndicate acquired an 18th century chateau in Bordeaux with Wohlstetter and Sloan installed as new owners. Chateau Bouscaut was the second most beautiful vineyard in Bordeaux, Sloan proclaimed, second, he said, because he didn't want to boast. Among the many American guests who flocked to visit, his favorite was Mary Lindsay, whom he overheard saying to her husband, then mayor of NYC, "John, if I have to see one more vineyard, I'll kill myself." To Sloan's eternal regret, Bouscat was sold in 1980. Mayor Lindsay brought Sloan onto the board of the Vivian Beaumont Theatre in 1984. At that time, according to Andre Bishop, current artistic director, "Nobody would give you a nickel for the Beaumont." It is now one of the leading theatrical companies in New York, if not the world. Mr. Sloan served on the Board until his death on Thursday. In 1977, Sloan joined the Board of Trustees of the New York Blood Center, of which he was Chairman from 1993 to 2000, nominating his successor, Howard Milstein. In January 2013, a congressional extension prepared by Representative Carolyn Maloney in recognition of Mr. Sloan's 15 years of distinguished service and dedication to NYBC's mission, was entered into the congressional record. She cited his humanitarian status and commended his leadership and tireless advocacy. For several years, he presided as Chairman of Northside Center for Child Development, founded by Kenneth and Mamie Clarke, earning a colleague's recent comment, "There was a time this place wouldn't have existed without Howard Sloan." He and his wife are to be honored for their dedication to Northside at a gala in May 2017. Howard Sloan died of kidney failure in Columbia-Presbyterian Hospital on January 21, 2016. Handsome as a film star, he will be remembered for his elegance and extraordinary wit. He is survived by his wife, Barbara; two daughters, Kathryn Roth of Weston, Massachusetts, Gillis Cone of Woodbury, Connecticut; a son, Douglas Sloan, of Palm Beach; a stepdaughter, Paulette Bartlett Robinson, of Los Angeles, and four grandchildren. Interment will be private and a memorial service will take place at Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home on Wednesday, February 10th. 1/3 

OPPENHEIMER--Inge (Goldschmidt), 86, of Floral Park, New York (formerly of Forest Hills) died after a brief illness in Honolulu, Hawaii on January 24, 2016, surrounded by her loving family. Beloved wife of the late Ernst Oppenheimer. Cherished daughter of the late Elfriede and Rudolph Goldschmidt and sister of the late Gunther Goldschmidt. Devoted mother of Marsha and David, mother- in-law of Paul and Andrea, cherished Oma of Rachel, Alex, Michael, and Samuel, loving Aunt to Eric, Guy and Lisa. Born in Kassel, Germany, Inge survived the Holocaust and immigrated to the United States in 1949. She met her husband in New York City where they lived for 60 happy years of marriage. She received Bachelor's and Master's Degrees from Queens College (Phi Beta Kappa), and worked as a teacher and librarian at John Bowne High School. She was a Gallery Educator and a member of the Speakers Bureau at the Museum of Jewish Heritage NYC. A graveside funeral will be held on Monday February 1, 2016 at 12:00 noon at Beth El Cemetery, 735 Forest Avenue, Paramus, NJ. Donations in Inge's memory may be made to the Museum of Jewish Heritage in NYC. Read Inge's story at: http://comingofagenow.org/ survivor-stories/inges- story/inges-story-page-1/ 1/3 OPPENHEIMER--Inge (Goldschmidt), 86, of Floral Park, New York (formerly of Forest Hills) died after a brief illness in Honolulu, Hawaii on January 24, 2016, surrounded by her loving family. Beloved wife of the late Ernst Oppenheimer. Cherished daughter of the late Elfriede and Rudolph Goldschmidt and sister of the late Gunther Goldschmidt. Devoted mother of Marsha and David, mother- in-law of Paul and Andrea, cherished Oma of Rachel, Alex, Michael, and Samuel, loving Aunt to Eric, Guy and Lisa. Born in Kassel, Germany, Inge survived the Holocaust and immigrated to the United States in 1949. She met her husband in New York City where they lived for 60 happy years of marriage. She received Bachelor's and Master's Degrees from Queens College (Phi Beta Kappa), and worked as a teacher and librarian at John Bowne High School. She was a Gallery Educator and a member of the Speakers Bureau at the Museum of Jewish Heritage NYC. A graveside funeral will be held on Monday February 1, 2016 at 12:00 noon at Beth El Cemetery, 735 Forest Avenue, Paramus, NJ. Donations in Inge's memory may be made to the Museum of Jewish Heritage in NYC. Read Inge's story at: http://comingofagenow.org/ survivor-stories/inges- story/inges-story-page-1/ 1/3 

LONDON--Phyllis, beloved wife of Ira, loving mother of Roberta Silverstein, Elyssa London and Suzanne Corbin. Proud and devoted grandmother of her eight grandchildren. Died peacefully on January 29, 2016. 1/3 LONDON--Phyllis, beloved wife of Ira, loving mother of Roberta Silverstein, Elyssa London and Suzanne Corbin. Proud and devoted grandmother of her eight grandchildren. Died peacefully on January 29, 2016. 1/3 

BERENBAUM--Alan, 64, a computer scientist, educator and renaissance man, died of an aggressive variety of T-cell lymphoma on January 27 at Memorial Sloan Kettering Hospital. He is survived by his devoted partner of 43 years, Eileen M. Lach, and his loving sisters May Berenbaum and Diane Berenbaum. Mr. Berenbaum, who earned his advanced degree in computer science from Princeton, spent more than 25 years as a scientist at Bell Labs, and most recently was the senior architect designing chips for Microchip Technologies. Holder of several patents, he also taught at The Cooper Union. To his extended circle of friends, Alan is remembered as an intoxicating, incisive conversationalist, at ease with subjects from quantum physics to Formula One racing to the absurdities of today's politics. He wore his brilliance with grace and humor. A celebration of his life and spirit will be held at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel at 1076 Madison Avenue at 1:30pm on Friday, January 29. 1/3 BERENBAUM--Alan, 64, a computer scientist, educator and renaissance man, died of an aggressive variety of T-cell lymphoma on January 27 at Memorial Sloan Kettering Hospital. He is survived by his devoted partner of 43 years, Eileen M. Lach, and his loving sisters May Berenbaum and Diane Berenbaum. Mr. Berenbaum, who earned his advanced degree in computer science from Princeton, spent more than 25 years as a scientist at Bell Labs, and most recently was the senior architect designing chips for Microchip Technologies. Holder of several patents, he also taught at The Cooper Union. To his extended circle of friends, Alan is remembered as an intoxicating, incisive conversationalist, at ease with subjects from quantum physics to Formula One racing to the absurdities of today's politics. He wore his brilliance with grace and humor. A celebration of his life and spirit will be held at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel at 1076 Madison Avenue at 1:30pm on Friday, January 29. 1/3 

FAIRBAIRN--William Todd III, died on January 10, 2016 in Sarasota, Florida at the age of 80. Beloved husband of Ursula for 37 years, proud and loving father of Joyce Sjoberg (Kari), William Todd Fairbairn IV (Kelley), and Mary Morgan (George). Adoring grandfather of Ceara, Melanie, Matthew, Latham, Alexander, Beatrice, and Anabelle. Son of the late William Todd Fairbairn Jr. and Mary Elizabeth Latham. Brother of the late Latham Todd, Anne Fairbairn, and Patti Gibney. Uncle to wonderful nieces and nephews. Friend and colleague to many. He lived life fully with passion, energy, and style. As a boy chorister at the Choir School of St. John the Divine, he sang a solo at the funeral of Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia. A graduate of the University of Pennsylvania, a U.S. Marine, an IBM executive for 24 years, a serial entrepreneur, a long term relationship with Bach Choir of Bethlehem as singer, board member and supporter, long term member of the Amateur Comedy Club in NYC as his father and step- grandfather had been, and an active community board member in Scarsdale, NYC, Bethlehem and Sarasota. He loved language and words of every form-crosswords, all kinds of word puzzles, limericks, gifting books, reading books with grandchildren and more. So it was no surprise that after returning to NYC in 1996, he enrolled full time in Bill Esper's two year Acting Program and upon graduation, with his deep resonant voice, played numerous stage parts including leading roles in The Late Henry Moss, Cockfighters, Buried Child, Merchant of Venice, The Play About Henry, Long Day's Journey into Night as well as playing Lear in three productions of King Lear. Bill was known for his wonderful, witty sense of humor, his kind heart, his charm and elegance and his broad range of interests. He loved water of all kinds-the ocean, the bay, rivers and lakes. There will be a memorial gathering in Sarasota, Florida on Saturday, April 16 and a service at St. Bart's Episcopal Church, 325 Park Ave. at 50th St., NYC on Friday, April 29 at 11am (visitation and reception before and after). In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions in his memory may be made to either the Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation (www.themmrf.org/donate) or Comfort Zone Camp (www.comfortzone camp.org). Bill had a big aura and lifted us up with it. We will all miss him deeply. 1/3 FAIRBAIRN--William Todd III, died on January 10, 2016 in Sarasota, Florida at the age of 80. Beloved husband of Ursula for 37 years, proud and loving father of Joyce Sjoberg (Kari), William Todd Fairbairn IV (Kelley), and Mary Morgan (George). Adoring grandfather of Ceara, Melanie, Matthew, Latham, Alexander, Beatrice, and Anabelle. Son of the late William Todd Fairbairn Jr. and Mary Elizabeth Latham. Brother of the late Latham Todd, Anne Fairbairn, and Patti Gibney. Uncle to wonderful nieces and nephews. Friend and colleague to many. He lived life fully with passion, energy, and style. As a boy chorister at the Choir School of St. John the Divine, he sang a solo at the funeral of Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia. A graduate of the University of Pennsylvania, a U.S. Marine, an IBM executive for 24 years, a serial entrepreneur, a long term relationship with Bach Choir of Bethlehem as singer, board member and supporter, long term member of the Amateur Comedy Club in NYC as his father and step- grandfather had been, and an active community board member in Scarsdale, NYC, Bethlehem and Sarasota. He loved language and words of every form-crosswords, all kinds of word puzzles, limericks, gifting books, reading books with grandchildren and more. So it was no surprise that after returning to NYC in 1996, he enrolled full time in Bill Esper's two year Acting Program and upon graduation, with his deep resonant voice, played numerous stage parts including leading roles in The Late Henry Moss, Cockfighters, Buried Child, Merchant of Venice, The Play About Henry, Long Day's Journey into Night as well as playing Lear in three productions of King Lear. Bill was known for his wonderful, witty sense of humor, his kind heart, his charm and elegance and his broad range of interests. He loved water of all kinds-the ocean, the bay, rivers and lakes. There will be a memorial gathering in Sarasota, Florida on Saturday, April 16 and a service at St. Bart's Episcopal Church, 325 Park Ave. at 50th St., NYC on Friday, April 29 at 11am (visitation and reception before and after). In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions in his memory may be made to either the Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation (www.themmrf.org/donate) or Comfort Zone Camp (www.comfortzone camp.org). Bill had a big aura and lifted us up with it. We will all miss him deeply. 1/3 

KAPLAN--Richard D. The Board and staff of The New York Stem Cell Foundation (NYSCF) mourn the death of our longtime friend Richard D. Kaplan, whose generous support a decade ago played a critical role in starting NYSCF, and whose enthusiastic support of our mission never wavered. We extend our deepest condolences to his wife, Edwina Sandys; his sisters, Joan K. Davidson, Elizabeth K. Fonseca and Mary Kaplan; his stepsons, Mark P. Dixon and Hugo P. Dixon, and his step-granddaughter, Atalandi M. Dixon. Susan L. Solomon, CEO, New York Stem Cell Foundation 1/3 KAPLAN--Richard D. The Board and staff of The New York Stem Cell Foundation (NYSCF) mourn the death of our longtime friend Richard D. Kaplan, whose generous support a decade ago played a critical role in starting NYSCF, and whose enthusiastic support of our mission never wavered. We extend our deepest condolences to his wife, Edwina Sandys; his sisters, Joan K. Davidson, Elizabeth K. Fonseca and Mary Kaplan; his stepsons, Mark P. Dixon and Hugo P. Dixon, and his step-granddaughter, Atalandi M. Dixon. Susan L. Solomon, CEO, New York Stem Cell Foundation 1/3 

KRAMBERG--Joachim, died January 13 just two weeks shy of his 102 birthday. Beloved father of Andre and Robert, grandfather of Julia and Ryan, father-in-law of Pamela and uncle of Abe and David. He was born in Tarnopol, Poland January 27, 1914. Holocaust survivor who came to the United States in 1951, bought Maple View Farm in Southington, CT where he learned to raise chickens. Moved the family to New York in 1962 where he became a successful licensed electrical contractor. A remarkable man who exemplified perseverance and a positive attitude, he will be sorely missed by all who knew him. 1/3 KRAMBERG--Joachim, died January 13 just two weeks shy of his 102 birthday. Beloved father of Andre and Robert, grandfather of Julia and Ryan, father-in-law of Pamela and uncle of Abe and David. He was born in Tarnopol, Poland January 27, 1914. Holocaust survivor who came to the United States in 1951, bought Maple View Farm in Southington, CT where he learned to raise chickens. Moved the family to New York in 1962 where he became a successful licensed electrical contractor. A remarkable man who exemplified perseverance and a positive attitude, he will be sorely missed by all who knew him. 1/3 

JAFFEE--Dwight M.,passed away peacefully on Thursday, January 28, 2016, in San Francisco, CA. He was 72 and lived in Berkeley, CA. Dr. Jaffee was the Willis Booth Professor of Banking, Finance, and Real Estate and Co-Chairman of the Fisher Center for Real Estate and Urban Economics at the Haas School of Business, University of California, Berkeley. In the early 1990s, he led a joint project between the Haas School of Business and the Graduate School of Management, St. Petersburg University, to establish St. Petersburg's first post-Soviet era school of business. Prior to joining the Haas School of Business in 1991, Dr. Jaffee was a professor of Economics at Princeton University from 1968 to 1990. Dr. Jaffee was an expert on mortgage markets, banking, risk and catastrophe insurance, and international trade. Most recently, he testified in front of Congress and the SEC involving Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae, and the recent banking and housing crisis. He was also an advisor to many central banks throughout Europe. He was the author of more than seven books and 171 papers in the fields of money and banking, finance, and risk and catastrophe insurance. He received many awards, including the 2007 Robert I. Mehr Award from the Journal of Risk and Insurance. Dr. Jaffee will always be known for his mentorship of countless undergraduate and graduate students at both Princeton and Berkeley. Dwight M. Jaffee was born in Chicago on February 7, 1943, to Gertrude and Woodrow Jaffee and grew up in Chicago. He received his B.A. from Northwestern University in 1964 and Ph.D. in Economics from MIT in 1968. In 1997, he married Lynne LaMarca Heinrich, a Senior Consultant and Principal of Marts & Lundy and an Instructor at the Haas School of Business. In addition to his wife, he is survived by his mother, Gertrude of Boca Raton; daughter, Elizabeth, known as Betsy, of Washington, D.C.; son Jonathan of Santa Monica; and two grandchildren. Known for his connoisseurship of fine wine, love of travel, hiking in the hills of Marin County, and loving friendships, Dwight will be missed by many. In lieu of flowers, the family has asked that gifts be directed to the Dwight M. Jaffee (1968) Endowed Fund for Graduate Students at MIT, c/o Advancement Office, 77 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge, MA 02139. 1/3 JAFFEE--Dwight M.,passed away peacefully on Thursday, January 28, 2016, in San Francisco, CA. He was 72 and lived in Berkeley, CA. Dr. Jaffee was the Willis Booth Professor of Banking, Finance, and Real Estate and Co-Chairman of the Fisher Center for Real Estate and Urban Economics at the Haas School of Business, University of California, Berkeley. In the early 1990s, he led a joint project between the Haas School of Business and the Graduate School of Management, St. Petersburg University, to establish St. Petersburg's first post-Soviet era school of business. Prior to joining the Haas School of Business in 1991, Dr. Jaffee was a professor of Economics at Princeton University from 1968 to 1990. Dr. Jaffee was an expert on mortgage markets, banking, risk and catastrophe insurance, and international trade. Most recently, he testified in front of Congress and the SEC involving Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae, and the recent banking and housing crisis. He was also an advisor to many central banks throughout Europe. He was the author of more than seven books and 171 papers in the fields of money and banking, finance, and risk and catastrophe insurance. He received many awards, including the 2007 Robert I. Mehr Award from the Journal of Risk and Insurance. Dr. Jaffee will always be known for his mentorship of countless undergraduate and graduate students at both Princeton and Berkeley. Dwight M. Jaffee was born in Chicago on February 7, 1943, to Gertrude and Woodrow Jaffee and grew up in Chicago. He received his B.A. from Northwestern University in 1964 and Ph.D. in Economics from MIT in 1968. In 1997, he married Lynne LaMarca Heinrich, a Senior Consultant and Principal of Marts & Lundy and an Instructor at the Haas School of Business. In addition to his wife, he is survived by his mother, Gertrude of Boca Raton; daughter, Elizabeth, known as Betsy, of Washington, D.C.; son Jonathan of Santa Monica; and two grandchildren. Known for his connoisseurship of fine wine, love of travel, hiking in the hills of Marin County, and loving friendships, Dwight will be missed by many. In lieu of flowers, the family has asked that gifts be directed to the Dwight M. Jaffee (1968) Endowed Fund for Graduate Students at MIT, c/o Advancement Office, 77 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge, MA 02139. 1/3 

MAXIM--Pearl T.,died on January 24th in Manhattan. Caring and devoted daughter of Benjamin and Sara Tessler. Beloved wife of the late Leslie Maxim. Loving sister, cherished aunt and dear friend to many. A memorial service will be held on March 16, 2016 at 3:30pm at The Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10028. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made in Pearl's memory to The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research. 1/3 MAXIM--Pearl T.,died on January 24th in Manhattan. Caring and devoted daughter of Benjamin and Sara Tessler. Beloved wife of the late Leslie Maxim. Loving sister, cherished aunt and dear friend to many. A memorial service will be held on March 16, 2016 at 3:30pm at The Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10028. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made in Pearl's memory to The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research. 1/3 

SCHWARTZ--Sol. Sol Schwartz, of Sarasota, Florida passed away on December 25, 2015 at the age of 84. Sol was a gifted and prolific artist, the founder of the nationally acclaimed Options college counseling program, a talented musician, a dedicated art teacher and guidance counselor at Sheepshead Bay High School. Sol was the de facto "artist in residence" at Tanglewood Music Center in the Berkshires where he created the iconic graphic of Seiji Ozawa now immortalized on Tanglewood's poster. His work has been exhibited at the Norman Rockwell Museum in Stockbridge, MA, at the Massachusetts College of Art in Boston, numerous galleries, and is to be featured in an upcoming show at Wigmore Hall, London. A selection of his art can be viewed at www.solschwartz.com. The son of Ukrainian Jewish immigrants, Sol grew up on Manhattan's Lower East Side. As a child, he lugged wet wash up tenements to his father's laundry's customers. Sol started drawing at five. He entered New York City's High School of Music and Art. By 16 Sol had joined the New York Mandolin Symphony Orchestra. He starred in the play "Tomorrow the World" as a teen. At 35 he studied cello and played in a quartet, and at 60 learned jazz piano. He studied art at Brooklyn College with New York School artists Mark Rothko, Ad Reinhardt, Alfred Russell, and Robert Jay Wolff. Following his graduation in 1952, he taught art and, after receiving a Master's degree in Counseling, served as a guidance counselor at Sheepshead Bay High School. Frustrated by the limited college and financial aid resources available to his students, Schwartz created a program to help the students explore options, navigate applications and obtain aid. Without assistance from the public school administration, Schwartz designed the Options program, obtained mainframe computer access, and researched college and aid data nationwide. He integrated a culture of participation and giving back: seniors worked and assisted the younger students in the Options office. It was the first of its kind in the country. After Options was instituted, students gained entrance to elite universities, graduated without debilitating debt, and achieved significant careers in the arts, investment banking, teaching, medicine and public health. Sol's Options program relocated to New York City's Goddard Riverside in 1985 where Sol built it into the gold standard college access program that today is a key partner to Michelle Obama's Reach Higher Initiative. The program remains as Sol intended it: non-profit, free of charge, available to all, providing the finest level of college and financial aid counseling services, all delivered free with one proviso, that Options' recipients give back to others when they can. After retiring from the school system, Sol returned to his first love: drawing. Combining his love of art with his love of music, theatre and dance, Sol began bringing a sketchbook to performances. Through the years he has sketched Andre Previn, Itzhak Perlman, Emanual Ax, Seiji Ozawa, Yo-Yo Ma, James Levine, Kurt Mazur, Katherine Dunham, Savion Glover, Mark Morris, the Juilliard and Emerson string quartets and others in performance. Sol said he drew during performances to convey "the spirit of the concert that ineffable nature of a great performance. "His art is published in the "Drawing Music" series and other books, all of artists drawn in performance. Sol's work is in many of the performers' homes. His art often includes a written comment from performers, such as cellist Sharon Robinson, who wrote "Sol, thank you for capturing my soul." The unique nature of Sol's art - artists captured in performance - is reflected in the dual introductions to his first book, Drawing Music: The Tanglewood Sketchbooks, with one introduction by Joel Smirnoff, the Juilliard String Quartet's first violinist, who wrote "Schwartz has captured the unique stage and musical personality of each performer. And the sound of music permeates the atmosphere of each portrait...As performers, we as artists are ever grateful that Sol Schwartz has helped our expression linger in the air yet a moment longer. We celebrate him for his work and for his musicality," and the other introduction by art critic Colin Eisler, who wrote "Sol's lyrical lines pay homage to the musician... retracing the mysterious union of individual, instrument and passion...[his] pages let us share the collective joy of hearing and seeing music made, we the beneficiaries of his arresting lines in all their ecstatic freedom and harmony." Sol was dedicated to helping people experience the joy of learning. He was a donor to many organizations, including Shakespeare & Company, Children's Book Project, Theater for a New Audience, Kids4Harmony, Norman Rockwell Museum, Tanglewood, Jacob's Pillow, Ringling School of Art and Design, the Guitar Society, Asolo State Theater, La Musica, Perlman Music Program and the Florida Studio Theater. He also quietly helped many others when he saw an opportunity. The force of his interest in people and life, and his determination to help others was palpable. Sol was a loving husband to his first wife Lillian, a devoted father to Risa and David, and a delighted grandfather to John Cortner. After Lillian's death in 1999, Sol married Elayne P. Bernstein, who shared his passion for the arts and generosity, introducing him to Shakespeare & Company in Lenox. MA where he served as a trustee. In addition to his immediate family, Sol is survived by several cousins and countless friends who will deeply miss him. Memorial services will be held in Sarasota, FL on February 13 at 2pm and in Lenox, MA during the summer of 2016. Condolences may be sent to the family at P.O. Box 73, Lenox, MA 01240. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made in Sol's honor to the Children's Book Project (www.children sbookproject.org, 3433 21st Street, San Francisco, CA 94110), Shakespeare & Company (www.shakespeare.org, 70 Kemble Street, Lenox, MA 01240) and Kids4Harmony (www.berkshirechildren.org, 480 West Street, Pittsfield, MA 01201). 1/3 SCHWARTZ--Sol. Sol Schwartz, of Sarasota, Florida passed away on December 25, 2015 at the age of 84. Sol was a gifted and prolific artist, the founder of the nationally acclaimed Options college counseling program, a talented musician, a dedicated art teacher and guidance counselor at Sheepshead Bay High School. Sol was the de facto "artist in residence" at Tanglewood Music Center in the Berkshires where he created the iconic graphic of Seiji Ozawa now immortalized on Tanglewood's poster. His work has been exhibited at the Norman Rockwell Museum in Stockbridge, MA, at the Massachusetts College of Art in Boston, numerous galleries, and is to be featured in an upcoming show at Wigmore Hall, London. A selection of his art can be viewed at www.solschwartz.com. The son of Ukrainian Jewish immigrants, Sol grew up on Manhattan's Lower East Side. As a child, he lugged wet wash up tenements to his father's laundry's customers. Sol started drawing at five. He entered New York City's High School of Music and Art. By 16 Sol had joined the New York Mandolin Symphony Orchestra. He starred in the play "Tomorrow the World" as a teen. At 35 he studied cello and played in a quartet, and at 60 learned jazz piano. He studied art at Brooklyn College with New York School artists Mark Rothko, Ad Reinhardt, Alfred Russell, and Robert Jay Wolff. Following his graduation in 1952, he taught art and, after receiving a Master's degree in Counseling, served as a guidance counselor at Sheepshead Bay High School. Frustrated by the limited college and financial aid resources available to his students, Schwartz created a program to help the students explore options, navigate applications and obtain aid. Without assistance from the public school administration, Schwartz designed the Options program, obtained mainframe computer access, and researched college and aid data nationwide. He integrated a culture of participation and giving back: seniors worked and assisted the younger students in the Options office. It was the first of its kind in the country. After Options was instituted, students gained entrance to elite universities, graduated without debilitating debt, and achieved significant careers in the arts, investment banking, teaching, medicine and public health. Sol's Options program relocated to New York City's Goddard Riverside in 1985 where Sol built it into the gold standard college access program that today is a key partner to Michelle Obama's Reach Higher Initiative. The program remains as Sol intended it: non-profit, free of charge, available to all, providing the finest level of college and financial aid counseling services, all delivered free with one proviso, that Options' recipients give back to others when they can. After retiring from the school system, Sol returned to his first love: drawing. Combining his love of art with his love of music, theatre and dance, Sol began bringing a sketchbook to performances. Through the years he has sketched Andre Previn, Itzhak Perlman, Emanual Ax, Seiji Ozawa, Yo-Yo Ma, James Levine, Kurt Mazur, Katherine Dunham, Savion Glover, Mark Morris, the Juilliard and Emerson string quartets and others in performance. Sol said he drew during performances to convey "the spirit of the concert that ineffable nature of a great performance. "His art is published in the "Drawing Music" series and other books, all of artists drawn in performance. Sol's work is in many of the performers' homes. His art often includes a written comment from performers, such as cellist Sharon Robinson, who wrote "Sol, thank you for capturing my soul." The unique nature of Sol's art - artists captured in performance - is reflected in the dual introductions to his first book, Drawing Music: The Tanglewood Sketchbooks, with one introduction by Joel Smirnoff, the Juilliard String Quartet's first violinist, who wrote "Schwartz has captured the unique stage and musical personality of each performer. And the sound of music permeates the atmosphere of each portrait...As performers, we as artists are ever grateful that Sol Schwartz has helped our expression linger in the air yet a moment longer. We celebrate him for his work and for his musicality," and the other introduction by art critic Colin Eisler, who wrote "Sol's lyrical lines pay homage to the musician... retracing the mysterious union of individual, instrument and passion...[his] pages let us share the collective joy of hearing and seeing music made, we the beneficiaries of his arresting lines in all their ecstatic freedom and harmony." Sol was dedicated to helping people experience the joy of learning. He was a donor to many organizations, including Shakespeare & Company, Children's Book Project, Theater for a New Audience, Kids4Harmony, Norman Rockwell Museum, Tanglewood, Jacob's Pillow, Ringling School of Art and Design, the Guitar Society, Asolo State Theater, La Musica, Perlman Music Program and the Florida Studio Theater. He also quietly helped many others when he saw an opportunity. The force of his interest in people and life, and his determination to help others was palpable. Sol was a loving husband to his first wife Lillian, a devoted father to Risa and David, and a delighted grandfather to John Cortner. After Lillian's death in 1999, Sol married Elayne P. Bernstein, who shared his passion for the arts and generosity, introducing him to Shakespeare & Company in Lenox. MA where he served as a trustee. In addition to his immediate family, Sol is survived by several cousins and countless friends who will deeply miss him. Memorial services will be held in Sarasota, FL on February 13 at 2pm and in Lenox, MA during the summer of 2016. Condolences may be sent to the family at P.O. Box 73, Lenox, MA 01240. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made in Sol's honor to the Children's Book Project (www.children sbookproject.org, 3433 21st Street, San Francisco, CA 94110), Shakespeare & Company (www.shakespeare.org, 70 Kemble Street, Lenox, MA 01240) and Kids4Harmony (www.berkshirechildren.org, 480 West Street, Pittsfield, MA 01201). 1/3 

HUDNER--Hope Freeman. Artist, Designer, Mother and Friend. Hope F. Hudner died at home in Little Compton, RI on January 14, 2016 following a thirteen month battle with glioblastoma multiforme, a form of brain cancer. Hope is survived by her husband of 40 years, Michael, and her daughter, Bay, who were deeply involved as caregivers and comforters during the past year, and were at her side at the time of her peaceful passing. Hope is also survived by her aunt, Judy Freeman N. Gross; brothers, Ambassador Charles "Chas" W. Freeman, Jr. (Margaret Carpenter) and Robert P. Freeman (Inge Reist); their five children and nine grandchildren (Hope's grand-nieces and -nephews); siblings-in-law, Mr. Kennedy Hudner (Jennifer), Ms. Cornelia Futterman (Michael), and Ms. Kristina Beitman (Harty), and their five children. Hope was born on January 11, 1951 in Nassau, The Bahamas, and lived there until age 10, then alternating time in Southern California with years in Providence and Bristol, RI. Hope was predeceased by her son, Michael Ripley ("Rip") Hudner, and her parents (father, Charles Wellman Freeman, and mother, Carla Park Freeman, who died when Hope was 20 months old). Hope was largely raised by her two sets of deceased grandparents, Hovey T. and Marjorie W. Freeman of Providence and Bristol, and Edward and Fentress K. Park of Wollaston, MA and Roaring Brook, MI. Hope graduated from The Lincoln School, Providence (1969), Smith College (1973), and also acquired an MFA from New York University. The family lived in New York City from 1974 through 1994, and then resided in Little Compton and Providence, RI. Hope was an accomplished artist and designer with a portfolio including work in graphic, interior, jewelry, and apparel design. These efforts led to her 2013 creation of Hope Hudner Designs, focused on elegant silk infinity scarves. Hope was deeply involved in Rhode Island public service, including, at various times, board and/or development responsibilities at Moses Brown School, Women & Infants Hospital, Rhode Islanders Sponsoring Education (RISE), RISD Museum, Perennial Planters, The National Society of the Colonial Dames of America (Rhode Island), and Providence Preservation Society. Hope's social involvements included membership in the Providence Art Club, Colony Club of New York City, Lyford Cay Club, Sakonnet Golf Club, and Sakonnet Point Club. Hope had great admiration for the natural world and actively cultivated a sense of wonder: she was a faithful student of plants and flowers (as evidenced by the thousands of bulbs planted across Rhode Island, Maine, and New York); she loved sailing with her family and friends (countless excursions on Narragansett Bay and longer trips to Maine, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and Ireland number among the most special); and her keen curiosity led her to explore the far corners of the world, from Spain and Taiwan at age 18 to Antarctica at 49, covering every other continent and many countries in between. Hope had enormous energy, deep intelligence, natural grace, and remarkable warmth. She believed that life presented endless opportunity to learn, remarking on the tenth anniversary of her son's death that, "Each time it rains in our lives, we are given an opportunity for further growth. I am grateful for the challenges in my life as chances to grow and blossom." Hope faced her illness with the same fortitude and poise. While she was indeed a lifelong learner, Hope was perhaps most notable as a teacher of these invaluable lessons to the rest of us. Hope felt a profound duty to embrace everyone she encountered with love and kindness, and she shared this love of people and life like water from a fire hose. All within range were enriched by her presence and generosity of spirit. Hope inspired people to think lovingly and boldly on behalf of the larger community, themselves, and their friends, prompting many to find more inside themselves to enhance their own lives and those of others. A college classmate of Bay's said it beautifully in a recent note to Hope: "You feature prominently as an inspiration for the life I want to live-to pursue my interests, to live fully and with panache, to spend time in nature, and, most of all, to be kind to people. I know I am just one of the many, many people you affect in this way!" A celebration of Hope's life will be held in Little Compton in early June on a date to be announced. In lieu of flowers, the family suggests contributions in Hope's memory be made to: the Rip Hudner Memorial Fund at Moses Brown School, Providence; Dr. Patrick Wen's Research in Neuro-Oncology at Dana Faber Cancer Institute, Boston; or a charity of your choice. Above all, the family encourages you to remember Hope by engaging with the world through love and kindness. 1/3 HUDNER--Hope Freeman. Artist, Designer, Mother and Friend. Hope F. Hudner died at home in Little Compton, RI on January 14, 2016 following a thirteen month battle with glioblastoma multiforme, a form of brain cancer. Hope is survived by her husband of 40 years, Michael, and her daughter, Bay, who were deeply involved as caregivers and comforters during the past year, and were at her side at the time of her peaceful passing. Hope is also survived by her aunt, Judy Freeman N. Gross; brothers, Ambassador Charles "Chas" W. Freeman, Jr. (Margaret Carpenter) and Robert P. Freeman (Inge Reist); their five children and nine grandchildren (Hope's grand-nieces and -nephews); siblings-in-law, Mr. Kennedy Hudner (Jennifer), Ms. Cornelia Futterman (Michael), and Ms. Kristina Beitman (Harty), and their five children. Hope was born on January 11, 1951 in Nassau, The Bahamas, and lived there until age 10, then alternating time in Southern California with years in Providence and Bristol, RI. Hope was predeceased by her son, Michael Ripley ("Rip") Hudner, and her parents (father, Charles Wellman Freeman, and mother, Carla Park Freeman, who died when Hope was 20 months old). Hope was largely raised by her two sets of deceased grandparents, Hovey T. and Marjorie W. Freeman of Providence and Bristol, and Edward and Fentress K. Park of Wollaston, MA and Roaring Brook, MI. Hope graduated from The Lincoln School, Providence (1969), Smith College (1973), and also acquired an MFA from New York University. The family lived in New York City from 1974 through 1994, and then resided in Little Compton and Providence, RI. Hope was an accomplished artist and designer with a portfolio including work in graphic, interior, jewelry, and apparel design. These efforts led to her 2013 creation of Hope Hudner Designs, focused on elegant silk infinity scarves. Hope was deeply involved in Rhode Island public service, including, at various times, board and/or development responsibilities at Moses Brown School, Women & Infants Hospital, Rhode Islanders Sponsoring Education (RISE), RISD Museum, Perennial Planters, The National Society of the Colonial Dames of America (Rhode Island), and Providence Preservation Society. Hope's social involvements included membership in the Providence Art Club, Colony Club of New York City, Lyford Cay Club, Sakonnet Golf Club, and Sakonnet Point Club. Hope had great admiration for the natural world and actively cultivated a sense of wonder: she was a faithful student of plants and flowers (as evidenced by the thousands of bulbs planted across Rhode Island, Maine, and New York); she loved sailing with her family and friends (countless excursions on Narragansett Bay and longer trips to Maine, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and Ireland number among the most special); and her keen curiosity led her to explore the far corners of the world, from Spain and Taiwan at age 18 to Antarctica at 49, covering every other continent and many countries in between. Hope had enormous energy, deep intelligence, natural grace, and remarkable warmth. She believed that life presented endless opportunity to learn, remarking on the tenth anniversary of her son's death that, "Each time it rains in our lives, we are given an opportunity for further growth. I am grateful for the challenges in my life as chances to grow and blossom." Hope faced her illness with the same fortitude and poise. While she was indeed a lifelong learner, Hope was perhaps most notable as a teacher of these invaluable lessons to the rest of us. Hope felt a profound duty to embrace everyone she encountered with love and kindness, and she shared this love of people and life like water from a fire hose. All within range were enriched by her presence and generosity of spirit. Hope inspired people to think lovingly and boldly on behalf of the larger community, themselves, and their friends, prompting many to find more inside themselves to enhance their own lives and those of others. A college classmate of Bay's said it beautifully in a recent note to Hope: "You feature prominently as an inspiration for the life I want to live-to pursue my interests, to live fully and with panache, to spend time in nature, and, most of all, to be kind to people. I know I am just one of the many, many people you affect in this way!" A celebration of Hope's life will be held in Little Compton in early June on a date to be announced. In lieu of flowers, the family suggests contributions in Hope's memory be made to: the Rip Hudner Memorial Fund at Moses Brown School, Providence; Dr. Patrick Wen's Research in Neuro-Oncology at Dana Faber Cancer Institute, Boston; or a charity of your choice. Above all, the family encourages you to remember Hope by engaging with the world through love and kindness. 1/3 

SOMMER--Evelyn M.,91, on January 27, 2016. She worked full-time as a patent attorney for over 60 years, until 10 days before her death. Devoted to her husband of 57 years, Rudolph Sommer, who predeceased her. She leaves three children, Peter Sommer, Cathy Iselin, and Tim Sommer, as well as three grandchildren, Adele, John, and Lucy. Graveside service 2pm, Sunday, January 31, at Spring Grove Cemetery in Darien, CT. Donations may be made in her memory to Cambridge Friends School Playscape, Cambridge Friends School, 5 Cadbury Road, Cambridge, MA 02140. 1/3 SOMMER--Evelyn M.,91, on January 27, 2016. She worked full-time as a patent attorney for over 60 years, until 10 days before her death. Devoted to her husband of 57 years, Rudolph Sommer, who predeceased her. She leaves three children, Peter Sommer, Cathy Iselin, and Tim Sommer, as well as three grandchildren, Adele, John, and Lucy. Graveside service 2pm, Sunday, January 31, at Spring Grove Cemetery in Darien, CT. Donations may be made in her memory to Cambridge Friends School Playscape, Cambridge Friends School, 5 Cadbury Road, Cambridge, MA 02140. 1/3 

RAMOND--Mary Minter Patterson, of New York City, NY, died on Wednesday, January 20, 2016 at her home. She was born on April 9, 1933 in Rocky Mount, VA. She graduated from Hollins College in Roanoke, VA, and attended Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico in Mexico City, Mexico and Universidad Nacional de San Marcos in Lima, Peru. She is survived by her son, Nicholas, Nicholas' wife, Nandini and her grandson, Jackson of Salt Lake City, UT; her sister, Alice Newbill of Wirtz, VA and brother, Dr. Abram Patterson of Roanoke, VA. She was predeceased by her husband, Dr. Charles. K. Ramond. Mary made a career writing about and promoting business in the Caribbean and Central America, first with her monthly newsletter, Caribbean Report, and later in a number of publications, including Forbes magazine, through her business, Caribbean Business Development. But, what Mary really did was live life to the fullest. She took on every challenge and enjoyed each moment whether it was canoeing down the Amazon, running out of fuel while flying over Mexico or just playing her weekly tennis match. She will be missed by all those who knew her. 1/3 RAMOND--Mary Minter Patterson, of New York City, NY, died on Wednesday, January 20, 2016 at her home. She was born on April 9, 1933 in Rocky Mount, VA. She graduated from Hollins College in Roanoke, VA, and attended Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico in Mexico City, Mexico and Universidad Nacional de San Marcos in Lima, Peru. She is survived by her son, Nicholas, Nicholas' wife, Nandini and her grandson, Jackson of Salt Lake City, UT; her sister, Alice Newbill of Wirtz, VA and brother, Dr. Abram Patterson of Roanoke, VA. She was predeceased by her husband, Dr. Charles. K. Ramond. Mary made a career writing about and promoting business in the Caribbean and Central America, first with her monthly newsletter, Caribbean Report, and later in a number of publications, including Forbes magazine, through her business, Caribbean Business Development. But, what Mary really did was live life to the fullest. She took on every challenge and enjoyed each moment whether it was canoeing down the Amazon, running out of fuel while flying over Mexico or just playing her weekly tennis match. She will be missed by all those who knew her. 1/3 

SMITH--Howard, passed away on January 28, 2016 at the age of 85. Devoted husband of the late Reverend Elsie Smith, beloved father of Jean Smith (and Rodnie Nelson), Howard Smith, Jr. (and Pamela Hakim) and Lilla Smith (and Dale Goncher). Proud grandfather of Christopher, Hannah and Natalie. A lifelong resident of Brooklyn, he graduated from Choate and Princeton University. After service in the U.S. Army, he joined Virginia Dare Extract Co., a manufacturer of flavors which was founded by his grandfather. In 1961 he became President of Virginia Dare and retired as Chairman in 2009. Smith had a deep interest in the delivery of health care services in Brooklyn. He joined the Board of Lutheran Medical Center, now NYU Lutheran Medical Center, in 1963 and was elected chairman in 1966. Among many significant accomplishments, he spearheaded the move and expansion of Lutheran Medical Center to a converted factory building and facilitated the creation of the Sunset Park Family Health Center, which grew into one of the largest community health centers in the country. Under the aegis of LMC, he managed the creation of Shore Hill, a rent subsidized apartment complex for senior citizens and later Harbor Hill, another facility for the elderly. He oversaw the development of Lutheran Augustana Center for Extended Care and Rehabilitation adjacent to Lutheran Medical Center and established Health Plus PHSP, provider of community based health and medical services. In 2004 he retired as Chairman after more than 41 years of leadership. In 1976 he joined the Board of the United Hospital Fund of New York, the nation's oldest federated charity, and served as chair for nearly two decades. He was a member and past chairman of the boards of the Brooklyn Public Library and the Brooklyn Public Library Foundation and past vice chairman of the Brooklyn Chamber of Commerce. Smith was a director of the Dime Savings Bank of New York until its merger with Washington Mutual in 2002. He is a past director and past president of the Flavor and Extract Manufacturers Association of the United States and a past director of the International Food Industry Suppliers Association. Additionally, he organized and served as the chairman of the United Lutheran Appeal for six years and was an active member of the Lutheran Church of the Good Shepherd for over 75 years. A true visionary who embodied the ideals of civic involvement and volunteer service, he made a lasting impact on his community and will be missed by all he touched. Visiting Tuesday, February 2, 4:00-8:00pm at Clavin Funeral Home, 7722 Fourth Avenue, Brooklyn. Funeral Service Wednesday, February 3, 10:00am at Lutheran Church of the Good Shepherd, 7420 Fourth Avenue, Brooklyn. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Lutheran Augustana Center, 5434 Second Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11220 or United Hospital Fund, 1411 Broadway, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10018. 1/3 SMITH--Howard, passed away on January 28, 2016 at the age of 85. Devoted husband of the late Reverend Elsie Smith, beloved father of Jean Smith (and Rodnie Nelson), Howard Smith, Jr. (and Pamela Hakim) and Lilla Smith (and Dale Goncher). Proud grandfather of Christopher, Hannah and Natalie. A lifelong resident of Brooklyn, he graduated from Choate and Princeton University. After service in the U.S. Army, he joined Virginia Dare Extract Co., a manufacturer of flavors which was founded by his grandfather. In 1961 he became President of Virginia Dare and retired as Chairman in 2009. Smith had a deep interest in the delivery of health care services in Brooklyn. He joined the Board of Lutheran Medical Center, now NYU Lutheran Medical Center, in 1963 and was elected chairman in 1966. Among many significant accomplishments, he spearheaded the move and expansion of Lutheran Medical Center to a converted factory building and facilitated the creation of the Sunset Park Family Health Center, which grew into one of the largest community health centers in the country. Under the aegis of LMC, he managed the creation of Shore Hill, a rent subsidized apartment complex for senior citizens and later Harbor Hill, another facility for the elderly. He oversaw the development of Lutheran Augustana Center for Extended Care and Rehabilitation adjacent to Lutheran Medical Center and established Health Plus PHSP, provider of community based health and medical services. In 2004 he retired as Chairman after more than 41 years of leadership. In 1976 he joined the Board of the United Hospital Fund of New York, the nation's oldest federated charity, and served as chair for nearly two decades. He was a member and past chairman of the boards of the Brooklyn Public Library and the Brooklyn Public Library Foundation and past vice chairman of the Brooklyn Chamber of Commerce. Smith was a director of the Dime Savings Bank of New York until its merger with Washington Mutual in 2002. He is a past director and past president of the Flavor and Extract Manufacturers Association of the United States and a past director of the International Food Industry Suppliers Association. Additionally, he organized and served as the chairman of the United Lutheran Appeal for six years and was an active member of the Lutheran Church of the Good Shepherd for over 75 years. A true visionary who embodied the ideals of civic involvement and volunteer service, he made a lasting impact on his community and will be missed by all he touched. Visiting Tuesday, February 2, 4:00-8:00pm at Clavin Funeral Home, 7722 Fourth Avenue, Brooklyn. Funeral Service Wednesday, February 3, 10:00am at Lutheran Church of the Good Shepherd, 7420 Fourth Avenue, Brooklyn. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Lutheran Augustana Center, 5434 Second Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11220 or United Hospital Fund, 1411 Broadway, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10018. 1/3 

BRZECHFFA--Leszek, died suddenly on January 14, 2016. He is survived by his beloved wife of 56 years, Magdalena; his son, Peter (Lisa), his granddaughter, Camille; and his brother, Jerzy Brzechffa. As a five year old in 1940, he was deported by Russia to the Steppes of Kazakhstan from Lwov, Poland, with his mother, Bronislawa, grandmother, and one year old brother. They remained there for six years. His father, Roger, had been one of the 14,000 Polish army officers shot and buried in the Katyn massacre in the same year. He returned to Poland after the war with his family. He graduated with a Master's degree in chemistry from the Gdansk Polytechnic Institute. He met and married Magdalena, also a chemist in 1958. In July 1967, he defected from Poland with his wife and son and successfully immigrated to America within four months. In December 1967, he found a permanent position as a research scientist at Sandoz Pharmaceuticals and retired in 1995. He was a very caring, loving husband, father and grandfather. He loved life, always smiled, was extremely positive and friendly to all he met. He was passionate about sailing, tennis, opera and traveling around the world with his lovely wife. A Memorial Mass will be held on Saturday, February 6, 2016 at 11am, at Our Lady of Mercy Church, Whippany Rd., Whippany, NJ. 1/3 BRZECHFFA--Leszek, died suddenly on January 14, 2016. He is survived by his beloved wife of 56 years, Magdalena; his son, Peter (Lisa), his granddaughter, Camille; and his brother, Jerzy Brzechffa. As a five year old in 1940, he was deported by Russia to the Steppes of Kazakhstan from Lwov, Poland, with his mother, Bronislawa, grandmother, and one year old brother. They remained there for six years. His father, Roger, had been one of the 14,000 Polish army officers shot and buried in the Katyn massacre in the same year. He returned to Poland after the war with his family. He graduated with a Master's degree in chemistry from the Gdansk Polytechnic Institute. He met and married Magdalena, also a chemist in 1958. In July 1967, he defected from Poland with his wife and son and successfully immigrated to America within four months. In December 1967, he found a permanent position as a research scientist at Sandoz Pharmaceuticals and retired in 1995. He was a very caring, loving husband, father and grandfather. He loved life, always smiled, was extremely positive and friendly to all he met. He was passionate about sailing, tennis, opera and traveling around the world with his lovely wife. A Memorial Mass will be held on Saturday, February 6, 2016 at 11am, at Our Lady of Mercy Church, Whippany Rd., Whippany, NJ. 1/3 

MUNOZ--Michael Henry, M.D.,64, passed away in the early morning hours of Tuesday, January 19, at his home in Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey. He was battling a rare blood disorder known as amyloidosis. Michael was born on February 14, 1951 at Fitkin Memorial Hospital in Neptune, New Jersey. He grew up in Colts Neck, New Jersey, where he helped his family run the Colts Neck General Store. He graduated from Peddie School, Syracuse University, and received his medical degree and Masters of Public Health from Harvard Medical School. He was a diplomat of the American Board of Ophthalmology, a Diplomat of the National Board of Medical Examiners, and a Fellow of The Academy of Ophthalmology. He was a Lieutenant in the United States Public Health Service. Michael had a large collection of comic books dating back to his childhood. He also was an avid collector of antique cars and frequently attended car shows. He enjoyed jazz, astronomy, and old war movies. He was predeceased by his parents, William and Frances Munoz, and his older brother, Eric Munoz, M.D. He is survived by his wife, Andrea Joy Munoz, their children, Daniel, Rachel, and William, his sister Wendy Lerrick, and numerous nieces, nephews, and cousins. Donations can be made to The Valley Chabad Friendship Circle of Woodcliff Lake, NJ or The Amyloidosis Foundation. 1/3 MUNOZ--Michael Henry, M.D.,64, passed away in the early morning hours of Tuesday, January 19, at his home in Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey. He was battling a rare blood disorder known as amyloidosis. Michael was born on February 14, 1951 at Fitkin Memorial Hospital in Neptune, New Jersey. He grew up in Colts Neck, New Jersey, where he helped his family run the Colts Neck General Store. He graduated from Peddie School, Syracuse University, and received his medical degree and Masters of Public Health from Harvard Medical School. He was a diplomat of the American Board of Ophthalmology, a Diplomat of the National Board of Medical Examiners, and a Fellow of The Academy of Ophthalmology. He was a Lieutenant in the United States Public Health Service. Michael had a large collection of comic books dating back to his childhood. He also was an avid collector of antique cars and frequently attended car shows. He enjoyed jazz, astronomy, and old war movies. He was predeceased by his parents, William and Frances Munoz, and his older brother, Eric Munoz, M.D. He is survived by his wife, Andrea Joy Munoz, their children, Daniel, Rachel, and William, his sister Wendy Lerrick, and numerous nieces, nephews, and cousins. Donations can be made to The Valley Chabad Friendship Circle of Woodcliff Lake, NJ or The Amyloidosis Foundation. 1/3 

WALRATH--Dale Robert, of Manhattan, NY and formerly Wilton, CT, died on December 31, 2015 at home, at the age of 94. He was a World War II veteran, Mad Man, and devoted husband and father, who succumbed to Alzheimer's after a 12-year dignified struggle. An exemplar of the Greatest Generation, he was raised on a farm in Ohio, graduated from Ohio Wesleyan on scholarship, enlisted in the Army in 1943, and fought on the Western Front throughout Germany, receiving the Silver Star, Bronze Star and Purple Heart before his honorable discharge in 1945. He moved to Connecticut in 1956, embarking on a 33-year career on the creative side with J. Walter Thompson in Manhattan. During his tenure at Thompson he helped develop the "Built Ford Tough" campaign and pioneered broadcast shoots in California. He was the most selfless of men, active in the community post-retirement, while caring for an ailing spouse for years. Survivors include his son Christopher Bret and daughter Rosalind Anne, both of Manhattan, and three grandchildren, Margot, Victoria and Amanda. His courage, dignity, sacrifice for others, vitality, kindness, and extraordinary decency are treasured by all who knew him. 1/3 WALRATH--Dale Robert, of Manhattan, NY and formerly Wilton, CT, died on December 31, 2015 at home, at the age of 94. He was a World War II veteran, Mad Man, and devoted husband and father, who succumbed to Alzheimer's after a 12-year dignified struggle. An exemplar of the Greatest Generation, he was raised on a farm in Ohio, graduated from Ohio Wesleyan on scholarship, enlisted in the Army in 1943, and fought on the Western Front throughout Germany, receiving the Silver Star, Bronze Star and Purple Heart before his honorable discharge in 1945. He moved to Connecticut in 1956, embarking on a 33-year career on the creative side with J. Walter Thompson in Manhattan. During his tenure at Thompson he helped develop the "Built Ford Tough" campaign and pioneered broadcast shoots in California. He was the most selfless of men, active in the community post-retirement, while caring for an ailing spouse for years. Survivors include his son Christopher Bret and daughter Rosalind Anne, both of Manhattan, and three grandchildren, Margot, Victoria and Amanda. His courage, dignity, sacrifice for others, vitality, kindness, and extraordinary decency are treasured by all who knew him. 1/3 

MILLINGER--Harvey, 99, passed away peacefully at home, in the company of his family, on January 25, 2016. Loving husband of Sylva Dee, and father of Bruce (Xiao-Fang) and Donald (Gary Clinton). In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Temple Sinai of Roslyn, Roslyn Heights, NY. He was a kind and gentle man, and family and friends were exceptionally fortunate to have shared his life for so many years. He will be greatly missed. 1/3 MILLINGER--Harvey, 99, passed away peacefully at home, in the company of his family, on January 25, 2016. Loving husband of Sylva Dee, and father of Bruce (Xiao-Fang) and Donald (Gary Clinton). In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Temple Sinai of Roslyn, Roslyn Heights, NY. He was a kind and gentle man, and family and friends were exceptionally fortunate to have shared his life for so many years. He will be greatly missed. 1/3 

JOHNSON--J. Robert. Age 79, died January 14, 2016, of complications of Parkinson's Disease in Charlotte, NC. Born and raised in New York City, Bob was a graduate of Manhattan's Stuyvesant High School and went on to attend the University of Pennsylvania where he was a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity and the Sphinx Senior Society, the oldest and most prestigious honor society of the University of Pennsylvania. Upon his graduation from Penn in 1958, he went on to earn his Juris Doctorate degree from New York University's School of Law and was a captain in the United States Coast Guard. Mr. Johnson practiced law in New York City before finding his true calling on Wall Street. Mr. Johnson's career began at Kuhn Loeb which later merged with Lehman Brothers in 1977. He was a partner at Lehman Brothers which was the pinnacle of his work life. He absolutely loved the camaraderie of his Lehman partners and associates and retired shortly after the "Great House of Lehman" merged with Shearsonmerican Express in 1984. In the ensuing years he pursued business ventures, was active in various charities and loved following his grandchildren's sporting adventures. A lifelong New Yorker, Bob moved to Charlotte, NC to be closer to his two daughters and his grandchildren. He is survived by his son Hal Johnson of Mill Valley, CA and Telluride, CO, his daughters, Brooks Johnson and Jennifer Miller of Charlotte, NC and his eight grandchildren: Reilly and Summer Johnson, Chase and Dylan Johnson, Mitchell Morrow and Cole, Cade and Cameron Miller. He is also survived by his sister Carole Bayer of Tucson, AZ and his many relatives in Gothenburg, Sweden. No services are planned but the family will come together to celebrate his life this summer per his request. 1/3 JOHNSON--J. Robert. Age 79, died January 14, 2016, of complications of Parkinson's Disease in Charlotte, NC. Born and raised in New York City, Bob was a graduate of Manhattan's Stuyvesant High School and went on to attend the University of Pennsylvania where he was a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity and the Sphinx Senior Society, the oldest and most prestigious honor society of the University of Pennsylvania. Upon his graduation from Penn in 1958, he went on to earn his Juris Doctorate degree from New York University's School of Law and was a captain in the United States Coast Guard. Mr. Johnson practiced law in New York City before finding his true calling on Wall Street. Mr. Johnson's career began at Kuhn Loeb which later merged with Lehman Brothers in 1977. He was a partner at Lehman Brothers which was the pinnacle of his work life. He absolutely loved the camaraderie of his Lehman partners and associates and retired shortly after the "Great House of Lehman" merged with Shearsonmerican Express in 1984. In the ensuing years he pursued business ventures, was active in various charities and loved following his grandchildren's sporting adventures. A lifelong New Yorker, Bob moved to Charlotte, NC to be closer to his two daughters and his grandchildren. He is survived by his son Hal Johnson of Mill Valley, CA and Telluride, CO, his daughters, Brooks Johnson and Jennifer Miller of Charlotte, NC and his eight grandchildren: Reilly and Summer Johnson, Chase and Dylan Johnson, Mitchell Morrow and Cole, Cade and Cameron Miller. He is also survived by his sister Carole Bayer of Tucson, AZ and his many relatives in Gothenburg, Sweden. No services are planned but the family will come together to celebrate his life this summer per his request. 1/3 

GINSBERG--Robert K.,died peacefully on January 26, 2016 at age 91. He was a devoted and beloved husband, father and grandfather and an accomplished professional engineer. Born May 23, 1924 in New York City to Bill and Tania Ginsberg, he was educated at Lincoln School and Yale University and served as a Lieutenant (jg) in the United States Navy during World War II, seeing extensive combat in the Pacific. He was a lifelong New Yorker who practiced engineering as principal in the firm William Ginsberg Associates, and he was for more than five decades a national leader in the design and construction of newspaper production facilities. He is survived by his beloved wife of 37 years, Nellie Wilson. He was predeceased by his first wife, Helen (1926-71) and is survived by their three children, Nina (Charles Smith) of Richmond, CA, William (Ellen Kelly) of New Haven, CT and John (Kathleen) of New York City. He is also survived by his grandchildren (Alex Smith, Susan Smith Emberley, Emily Ginsberg Dellisant, Julian Ginsberg, Connor Ginsberg, and Nina Ginsberg) and many other dear family members. A superb whistler, he lived with song in his heart and on his lips throughout his nine decades of loves and laughs and friends and joys. Gentle, kind and loving, he will be forever missed. A memorial service will be announced. 1/3 GINSBERG--Robert K.,died peacefully on January 26, 2016 at age 91. He was a devoted and beloved husband, father and grandfather and an accomplished professional engineer. Born May 23, 1924 in New York City to Bill and Tania Ginsberg, he was educated at Lincoln School and Yale University and served as a Lieutenant (jg) in the United States Navy during World War II, seeing extensive combat in the Pacific. He was a lifelong New Yorker who practiced engineering as principal in the firm William Ginsberg Associates, and he was for more than five decades a national leader in the design and construction of newspaper production facilities. He is survived by his beloved wife of 37 years, Nellie Wilson. He was predeceased by his first wife, Helen (1926-71) and is survived by their three children, Nina (Charles Smith) of Richmond, CA, William (Ellen Kelly) of New Haven, CT and John (Kathleen) of New York City. He is also survived by his grandchildren (Alex Smith, Susan Smith Emberley, Emily Ginsberg Dellisant, Julian Ginsberg, Connor Ginsberg, and Nina Ginsberg) and many other dear family members. A superb whistler, he lived with song in his heart and on his lips throughout his nine decades of loves and laughs and friends and joys. Gentle, kind and loving, he will be forever missed. A memorial service will be announced. 1/3 

FAIRBAIRN--William III. The Amateur Comedy Club notes with sorrow the passing of its esteemed senior member, William Fairbairn III on January 10th, 2016. Bill's bold and glowing presence made us merrier and made us better. Deepest condolences to his devoted wife, Ursula. 1/3 FAIRBAIRN--William III. The Amateur Comedy Club notes with sorrow the passing of its esteemed senior member, William Fairbairn III on January 10th, 2016. Bill's bold and glowing presence made us merrier and made us better. Deepest condolences to his devoted wife, Ursula. 1/3 

OPPENHEIMER--Inge. We deeply mourn the passing of our dear friend, Inge. We had a close and devoted friendship for almost six decades as we raised our families and enjoyed each other's children and grandchildren. We will miss her greatly. Susi Leiter and Barbara Marks 1/3 OPPENHEIMER--Inge. We deeply mourn the passing of our dear friend, Inge. We had a close and devoted friendship for almost six decades as we raised our families and enjoyed each other's children and grandchildren. We will miss her greatly. Susi Leiter and Barbara Marks 1/3 

BROWN--Ann Fitzpatrick, of Stockbridge, MA, age 66, died peacefully at home January 28th. Beloved mother of Alexander, sister of Nancy, aunt of Casey, creator of Blantyre Relais, her joie de vivre, generosity and elegant spirit will be deeply missed as will the love and light she shared with all. Calling hours February 7th, 3pm-5pm at Blantyre, Lenox, MA. Service on February 8th at 2pm, First Congregational Church, Stockbridge, MA. To view the full obituary go to: finnertyandstevens.com 1/3 BROWN--Ann Fitzpatrick, of Stockbridge, MA, age 66, died peacefully at home January 28th. Beloved mother of Alexander, sister of Nancy, aunt of Casey, creator of Blantyre Relais, her joie de vivre, generosity and elegant spirit will be deeply missed as will the love and light she shared with all. Calling hours February 7th, 3pm-5pm at Blantyre, Lenox, MA. Service on February 8th at 2pm, First Congregational Church, Stockbridge, MA. To view the full obituary go to: finnertyandstevens.com 1/3 

PELL--Beatrice Lynette (nee Harber), 95, of Somers, NY, died peacefully in her sleep on January 28, 2016. She is survived by Leonard Pell, her devoted husband of 74 years, dear sister Ruth Drucker (Bernard Gross) of Fort Lee, NJ, beloved children JoAnn Pearlman (Neil) of Somers, NY, Diane Maude Brossoie of Montross, Virginia, and Owen Pell (Pearl) of New York City, and cherished grandchildren and great-grandchildren Seth Pearlman (Jamie), Melissa Miller (Jonathan), James Brossoie, Jason Harris, Nathan Pell, Adam Pell, and Samantha Pearlman, Michelle Pearlman, Maxwell Miller, David Miller, and Alaric Puebla. Bea's energy, intelligence, humor and zest for life were apparent to all who knew her. Her family and friends will miss her deeply, and remember her with great love and affection. Services will be held at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 21 West Broad Street, Mount Vernon, NY on Sunday, January 31, 2016 at 10:00am. 1/3 PELL--Beatrice Lynette (nee Harber), 95, of Somers, NY, died peacefully in her sleep on January 28, 2016. She is survived by Leonard Pell, her devoted husband of 74 years, dear sister Ruth Drucker (Bernard Gross) of Fort Lee, NJ, beloved children JoAnn Pearlman (Neil) of Somers, NY, Diane Maude Brossoie of Montross, Virginia, and Owen Pell (Pearl) of New York City, and cherished grandchildren and great-grandchildren Seth Pearlman (Jamie), Melissa Miller (Jonathan), James Brossoie, Jason Harris, Nathan Pell, Adam Pell, and Samantha Pearlman, Michelle Pearlman, Maxwell Miller, David Miller, and Alaric Puebla. Bea's energy, intelligence, humor and zest for life were apparent to all who knew her. Her family and friends will miss her deeply, and remember her with great love and affection. Services will be held at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 21 West Broad Street, Mount Vernon, NY on Sunday, January 31, 2016 at 10:00am. 1/3 

KAUFMAN--Annette. A passion for music set Annette Kaufman on a fairy-tale course from North Dakota to a conservatory in NYC where she met and fell in love with Louis Kaufman, married him at the age of 18-and seldom left his side for the next 62 years. Mr. Kaufman, a Hollywood legend, played principal violin in over 500 films including Casablanca and Gone with the Wind. In his 2003 memoir, A Fiddler's Tale, he wrote that upon his proposal of marriage, Annette replied that she would like to be his accompanist. For the next 62 years, she was. They lived in Los Angeles, CA in a house designed for them by Lloyd Wright where, at the age of 101, Mrs. Kaufman died peacefully on January 25, 2016. The Kaufmans were well known in the Los Angeles pre-and post-war cultural scene. They were the first collectors of Milton Avery and, being softhearted and generous, helped many struggling painters during Depression-era America. In Brussels after the war, they were shown an obscure piece of music by Vivaldi, The Four Seasons; Mr. Kaufman became the first person to record it. A generous benefactor to many cultural institutions including the Library of Congress, the National Portrait Gallery and the Portland Art Museum, Annette was a vivid raconteur of a time in Europe and Los Angeles that, while largely faded from memory, lived on in her ebullient recounting of it. 1/3 KAUFMAN--Annette. A passion for music set Annette Kaufman on a fairy-tale course from North Dakota to a conservatory in NYC where she met and fell in love with Louis Kaufman, married him at the age of 18-and seldom left his side for the next 62 years. Mr. Kaufman, a Hollywood legend, played principal violin in over 500 films including Casablanca and Gone with the Wind. In his 2003 memoir, A Fiddler's Tale, he wrote that upon his proposal of marriage, Annette replied that she would like to be his accompanist. For the next 62 years, she was. They lived in Los Angeles, CA in a house designed for them by Lloyd Wright where, at the age of 101, Mrs. Kaufman died peacefully on January 25, 2016. The Kaufmans were well known in the Los Angeles pre-and post-war cultural scene. They were the first collectors of Milton Avery and, being softhearted and generous, helped many struggling painters during Depression-era America. In Brussels after the war, they were shown an obscure piece of music by Vivaldi, The Four Seasons; Mr. Kaufman became the first person to record it. A generous benefactor to many cultural institutions including the Library of Congress, the National Portrait Gallery and the Portland Art Museum, Annette was a vivid raconteur of a time in Europe and Los Angeles that, while largely faded from memory, lived on in her ebullient recounting of it. 1/3 

VERBY--Stanley M. 11/12/17 - 2/2/14 May 27th would be our 75th wedding anniversary. Love and miss you more each day. Marjorie 1/3 VERBY--Stanley M. 11/12/17 - 2/2/14 May 27th would be our 75th wedding anniversary. Love and miss you more each day. Marjorie 1/3 

MANBER--Malcolm Manuel, 89, passed away on January 23, 2016 in New York City. He was born on September 10, 1926 in Chelsea, MA to Gustave and Ida Manber and grew up in New York City. Beloved father of Susan and David Manber, grandfather of Max and Sarina Abraham and brother of Edna Dressner, Malcolm was married for 49 years to Vivienne Marianne Schulman and was a resident of New York City and Rhinebeck, NY. He served as an Army radio operator during World War II and later attended the Columbia Missouri School of Journalism. He enjoyed a renowned career as a science writer at the Bayonne Times, The Newark Evening News, Medical World News and Physicians Weekly. Among many notable articles, Mr. Manber published one of the earliest accounts of the world's first artificial heart transplant performed by Dr. Robert Jarvik. Mr. Manber and his wife took great pleasure in being founding members of the Beekman Arms Antique Market in Rhinebeck where their business, Victorian Cupboard, specialized in English pottery for more than 35 years. Special thanks to the hospice team at NYU Langone for making his last days with family and friends peaceful and serene. Donations in Mr. Manber's name may be made to the American Cancer Society. May his memory be a blessing. 1/3 MANBER--Malcolm Manuel, 89, passed away on January 23, 2016 in New York City. He was born on September 10, 1926 in Chelsea, MA to Gustave and Ida Manber and grew up in New York City. Beloved father of Susan and David Manber, grandfather of Max and Sarina Abraham and brother of Edna Dressner, Malcolm was married for 49 years to Vivienne Marianne Schulman and was a resident of New York City and Rhinebeck, NY. He served as an Army radio operator during World War II and later attended the Columbia Missouri School of Journalism. He enjoyed a renowned career as a science writer at the Bayonne Times, The Newark Evening News, Medical World News and Physicians Weekly. Among many notable articles, Mr. Manber published one of the earliest accounts of the world's first artificial heart transplant performed by Dr. Robert Jarvik. Mr. Manber and his wife took great pleasure in being founding members of the Beekman Arms Antique Market in Rhinebeck where their business, Victorian Cupboard, specialized in English pottery for more than 35 years. Special thanks to the hospice team at NYU Langone for making his last days with family and friends peaceful and serene. Donations in Mr. Manber's name may be made to the American Cancer Society. May his memory be a blessing. 1/3 

LONDON--Phyllis. Our hearts go out to Ira and his family. We will miss our beautiful friend. She was charismatic, witty and wise. Her joy for life never diminished. Carole and Jack, Helen and Larry and Adrianne 1/3 LONDON--Phyllis. Our hearts go out to Ira and his family. We will miss our beautiful friend. She was charismatic, witty and wise. Her joy for life never diminished. Carole and Jack, Helen and Larry and Adrianne 1/3 

GROEL--Berdine, 80, of New Vernon, NJ, passed away peacefully at home on January 24, 2016. Berdine was predeceased by his beloved wife Susan. Berdine is survived by his daughter, Jennifer G. Beimfohr (Douglas); son, Frederick C. Groel (Pinelopi); grandchildren, Margaret, Emily, Katharine, Lucy, Maxwell and Christopher; and sister, Marjory Ward (James). A memorial service will be held at The First Presbyterian Church of New Vernon, 2 Lee's Hill Road, New Vernon, on Saturday, February 6th at 11am. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to The First Presbyterian Church of New Vernon or the Princeton Class of 1957 Classmate Fund, c/o Classmate Fund President, Sheppard H.C. Davis, Suite 1000, 401 Atlantic Avenue, Virginia Beach, VA 23451. Condolences for the family may be offered online: bradleyfuneralhomes.com. 1/3 GROEL--Berdine, 80, of New Vernon, NJ, passed away peacefully at home on January 24, 2016. Berdine was predeceased by his beloved wife Susan. Berdine is survived by his daughter, Jennifer G. Beimfohr (Douglas); son, Frederick C. Groel (Pinelopi); grandchildren, Margaret, Emily, Katharine, Lucy, Maxwell and Christopher; and sister, Marjory Ward (James). A memorial service will be held at The First Presbyterian Church of New Vernon, 2 Lee's Hill Road, New Vernon, on Saturday, February 6th at 11am. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to The First Presbyterian Church of New Vernon or the Princeton Class of 1957 Classmate Fund, c/o Classmate Fund President, Sheppard H.C. Davis, Suite 1000, 401 Atlantic Avenue, Virginia Beach, VA 23451. Condolences for the family may be offered online: bradleyfuneralhomes.com. 1/3 

BERZON--Betty. 1928 - 2006 Gone ten years now. Still loved - Still missed. 1/3 BERZON--Betty. 1928 - 2006 Gone ten years now. Still loved - Still missed. 1/3 

SMITH--Jeri Binder, of New York City, mother and actress, dies at 91 peacefully at home, surrounded by love. She was an extraordinary woman and will be deeply missed! Jeri had a long career in show business, culminating at age 89 with her unforgettable Esurance commercial. Jeri was a devoted mother to her three daughters, Marla, Andrea, and Pamela and to their husbands. She is also survived by five loving grandchildren, her sister and her three nieces. Following a private graveside service, the family will observe Shiva on Sunday, January 31 at Jeri's apartment in New York City from 5-8pm and on Monday, February 1 at the home of Pamela Fisher in Mahwah, NJ from 4-8pm. 1/3 SMITH--Jeri Binder, of New York City, mother and actress, dies at 91 peacefully at home, surrounded by love. She was an extraordinary woman and will be deeply missed! Jeri had a long career in show business, culminating at age 89 with her unforgettable Esurance commercial. Jeri was a devoted mother to her three daughters, Marla, Andrea, and Pamela and to their husbands. She is also survived by five loving grandchildren, her sister and her three nieces. Following a private graveside service, the family will observe Shiva on Sunday, January 31 at Jeri's apartment in New York City from 5-8pm and on Monday, February 1 at the home of Pamela Fisher in Mahwah, NJ from 4-8pm. 1/3 

HALPER DICKSON--Sari. January 30, 2009. Seven years. An extraordinary mother, wife, sister and daughter. Sorely missed and adored by Zachary, Aleks and Diana, Barbara, Shauna, John, Joe. She is our song. 1/3 HALPER DICKSON--Sari. January 30, 2009. Seven years. An extraordinary mother, wife, sister and daughter. Sorely missed and adored by Zachary, Aleks and Diana, Barbara, Shauna, John, Joe. She is our song. 1/3 

LEVY--Bernard, passed away peacefully at his home in Palm Beach, Florida at the age of 98. He was born in New York City on February 10, 1917 and attended New York University. Bernard was predeceased by his wife of 69 years, Laura Redfield Levy, who shared a love of life, travel, and dogs. He is survived by his sons Dean (Janice), Jonathan (Carol), and daughter Marcia Roesch (Geoffrey), and his seven grandchildren and six greatgrandchildren). Bernard was one of the most prominent dealers in early American furniture, first as a partner in the firm of Ginsburg & Levy, founded in 1901, and then from 1973 until his death with the firm Bernard & S. Dean Levy, Inc., of New York. Over the nearly 70 years as an active dealer, he was able to acquire and place a number of the most recognizable pieces in both private and public collections. He was a friend and advisor to many of the great early collectors, many of whose gifts now form the core of major museum collections. These include The Metropolitan Museum of Art, The Bayou Bend Collection, The Winterthur Museum and Historic Deerfield among many other institutions. He was always eager to share his knowledge and enthusiasm with collectors, curators, other dealers and especially his family. His eye for the very finest in Americana will be missed. Bernard was an avid and accomplished tennis player winning many local and regional tournaments. Into his seventies he remained active in competitive tennis attaining a national ranking. Anyone who played with or against him can attest to a strong will and a wicked drop shot. Also, he always had a good joke to tell and enjoyed making others laugh. He will be greatly missed. A celebration of his life will be held at a later date. 1/3 LEVY--Bernard, passed away peacefully at his home in Palm Beach, Florida at the age of 98. He was born in New York City on February 10, 1917 and attended New York University. Bernard was predeceased by his wife of 69 years, Laura Redfield Levy, who shared a love of life, travel, and dogs. He is survived by his sons Dean (Janice), Jonathan (Carol), and daughter Marcia Roesch (Geoffrey), and his seven grandchildren and six greatgrandchildren). Bernard was one of the most prominent dealers in early American furniture, first as a partner in the firm of Ginsburg & Levy, founded in 1901, and then from 1973 until his death with the firm Bernard & S. Dean Levy, Inc., of New York. Over the nearly 70 years as an active dealer, he was able to acquire and place a number of the most recognizable pieces in both private and public collections. He was a friend and advisor to many of the great early collectors, many of whose gifts now form the core of major museum collections. These include The Metropolitan Museum of Art, The Bayou Bend Collection, The Winterthur Museum and Historic Deerfield among many other institutions. He was always eager to share his knowledge and enthusiasm with collectors, curators, other dealers and especially his family. His eye for the very finest in Americana will be missed. Bernard was an avid and accomplished tennis player winning many local and regional tournaments. Into his seventies he remained active in competitive tennis attaining a national ranking. Anyone who played with or against him can attest to a strong will and a wicked drop shot. Also, he always had a good joke to tell and enjoyed making others laugh. He will be greatly missed. A celebration of his life will be held at a later date. 1/3 

SCHWARTZ--Lewis G.,65, died Friday, January 29th at Stamford Hospital. Son of the late Edward Schwartz and Davida Schatz Edelson, Lew grew up in Meriden and West Hartford, Connecticut. He graduated from the Kingswood School (1968), Yale College (1972), and Cornell Law School. Lew began his legal career as an Assistant District Attorney in Manhattan, later becoming a litigator at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom. After returning to Connecticut, Lew became a partner specializing in employment law and litigation at Schatz & Schatz, Ribicoff & Kotkin, a firm started by his maternal grandfather that later merged with Shipman & Goodwin. In 2001, Lew joined Gartner, serving as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary, and Chief Compliance Officer, where he just celebrated his 15th year. Despite his myriad academic and professional accomplishments, Lew enjoyed no job more than his years as a coach and president of the North Stamford Little League. Lew's enthusiasm and love for life was boundless. He was an avid cyclist, wine enthusiast, and lifelong Yankee fan and 30-year season ticket holder. Lew's travels brought him to dozens of countries, and his network of friends and colleagues stretches around the world. Lew's most extraordinary role was as husband to Marjorie and father to sons Ethan and Alex, all of whom survive him and cherish his memory. The burial was private. For those wishing to honor him, please consider a donation to Stamford Hospital, sharecancersupport.org, or a charity of your choice. 1/3 SCHWARTZ--Lewis G.,65, died Friday, January 29th at Stamford Hospital. Son of the late Edward Schwartz and Davida Schatz Edelson, Lew grew up in Meriden and West Hartford, Connecticut. He graduated from the Kingswood School (1968), Yale College (1972), and Cornell Law School. Lew began his legal career as an Assistant District Attorney in Manhattan, later becoming a litigator at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom. After returning to Connecticut, Lew became a partner specializing in employment law and litigation at Schatz & Schatz, Ribicoff & Kotkin, a firm started by his maternal grandfather that later merged with Shipman & Goodwin. In 2001, Lew joined Gartner, serving as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary, and Chief Compliance Officer, where he just celebrated his 15th year. Despite his myriad academic and professional accomplishments, Lew enjoyed no job more than his years as a coach and president of the North Stamford Little League. Lew's enthusiasm and love for life was boundless. He was an avid cyclist, wine enthusiast, and lifelong Yankee fan and 30-year season ticket holder. Lew's travels brought him to dozens of countries, and his network of friends and colleagues stretches around the world. Lew's most extraordinary role was as husband to Marjorie and father to sons Ethan and Alex, all of whom survive him and cherish his memory. The burial was private. For those wishing to honor him, please consider a donation to Stamford Hospital, sharecancersupport.org, or a charity of your choice. 1/3 

MAZZEO--Alberto Daniel Died peacefully at Calvary Hospital in The Bronx on January 29, 2016 after a year-long illness. He had the constant and loving support of his spouse Mitch Mondello, neighbors, friends, UN colleagues and family in Argentina and Italy. Alberto's generosity of spirit, courage and optimism was exemplified by his answer whenever anyone asked him how he was: "I'm OK, I'm getting better." And of course by his exuberant laughter and love of Malbec. In accordance with Alberto's wishes, his ashes will be scattered in the Hudson River and the Rio de la Plata, the rivers flowing through the two cities that he considered home. A memorial Mass and Interment will take place in Zaccanopoli, his ancestral home in Calabria. 1 MAZZEO--Alberto Daniel Died peacefully at Calvary Hospital in The Bronx on January 29, 2016 after a year-long illness. He had the constant and loving support of his spouse Mitch Mondello, neighbors, friends, UN colleagues and family in Argentina and Italy. Alberto's generosity of spirit, courage and optimism was exemplified by his answer whenever anyone asked him how he was: "I'm OK, I'm getting better." And of course by his exuberant laughter and love of Malbec. In accordance with Alberto's wishes, his ashes will be scattered in the Hudson River and the Rio de la Plata, the rivers flowing through the two cities that he considered home. A memorial Mass and Interment will take place in Zaccanopoli, his ancestral home in Calabria. 1 

MANDEL--Kenneth, 76, of Briarcliff Manor, NY, passed away January 26, 2016 after a courageous battle with cancer. Ken was a loving husband to his wife of 52 years, Carole Leshne Mandel, and a devoted father to his daughters Wendy, Laura, and Jodi, and their spouses Yale, Jeff, and Kenny. He loved and adored his eight grandchildren, Josh, Arielle, Taylor, Jordan, Ethan, Emma, Matthew, and Maya. He is also survived by his mother, Olga, to whom he was a devoted son, and by his brother, Richard. He graduated from New Rochelle High School and went on to study at Cornell University and New York University. Ken held an array of sales positions that showcased his people skills, intellect and wit, culminating in the successful leadership of Mandel Investments until his retirement in 2013. He loved fishing and boating with his grandchildren, playing golf, spending time with his friends, and getting to know people. His greatest love was his family, especially spending family vacations at the Jersey Shore and Hamptons. Ken had a wonderful sense of humor, a gift for storytelling, and he left a lasting impression on those he met. He will be greatly missed. 1/3 MANDEL--Kenneth, 76, of Briarcliff Manor, NY, passed away January 26, 2016 after a courageous battle with cancer. Ken was a loving husband to his wife of 52 years, Carole Leshne Mandel, and a devoted father to his daughters Wendy, Laura, and Jodi, and their spouses Yale, Jeff, and Kenny. He loved and adored his eight grandchildren, Josh, Arielle, Taylor, Jordan, Ethan, Emma, Matthew, and Maya. He is also survived by his mother, Olga, to whom he was a devoted son, and by his brother, Richard. He graduated from New Rochelle High School and went on to study at Cornell University and New York University. Ken held an array of sales positions that showcased his people skills, intellect and wit, culminating in the successful leadership of Mandel Investments until his retirement in 2013. He loved fishing and boating with his grandchildren, playing golf, spending time with his friends, and getting to know people. His greatest love was his family, especially spending family vacations at the Jersey Shore and Hamptons. Ken had a wonderful sense of humor, a gift for storytelling, and he left a lasting impression on those he met. He will be greatly missed. 1/3 

BLACKWELL KONOWITCH --Judith, 59, of Irvington, NY. Grew up in Manhasset, Long Island. She work diligently to improve education. Survived by her beloved husband and best friend Paul Konowitch, her loving children Jeffrey and Margo Konowitch, her loving mother Marie Blackwell Deppen and devoted sister Nancy Semels (Daniel). Visiting Sunday (today) 5-7pm Edwards-Dowdle Funeral Home, 64 Ashford Ave., Dobbs Ferry, NY. Service Monday 7:00pm Temple Beth Shalom, 740 N. Broadway, Hastings-on-Hudson, NY. Memorials to the Judith Blackwell Konowitch Scholarship Award, Checks should be made to the Dobbs Ferry Schools Foundation, JBK Award, DFSF Treasurer, 505 Broadway, Dobbs Ferry, NY 10522. 1/3 BLACKWELL KONOWITCH --Judith, 59, of Irvington, NY. Grew up in Manhasset, Long Island. She work diligently to improve education. Survived by her beloved husband and best friend Paul Konowitch, her loving children Jeffrey and Margo Konowitch, her loving mother Marie Blackwell Deppen and devoted sister Nancy Semels (Daniel). Visiting Sunday (today) 5-7pm Edwards-Dowdle Funeral Home, 64 Ashford Ave., Dobbs Ferry, NY. Service Monday 7:00pm Temple Beth Shalom, 740 N. Broadway, Hastings-on-Hudson, NY. Memorials to the Judith Blackwell Konowitch Scholarship Award, Checks should be made to the Dobbs Ferry Schools Foundation, JBK Award, DFSF Treasurer, 505 Broadway, Dobbs Ferry, NY 10522. 1/3 

SMITH--Howard. NYU Lutheran's board and staff are deeply saddened by the passing of chair emeritus Howard Smith. As chairman of Lutheran Medical Center and Augustana Center from 1966 until 2004, Smith, who died Thursday at age 85, left an indelible legacy on southwest Brooklyn. With his friend New York City Mayor John Lindsay and the American Lutheran Church, Mr. Smith brokered the 1977 expansion and relocation of Lutheran Medical Center from 4th Avenue and 46th Street to its present location, a former warehouse at 55th Street and 2nd Avenue in Sunset Park. He facilitated the creation of the Sunset Park Family Health Center, now called NYU Lutheran Family Health Centers, the second largest federally qualified health center network in the nation. He created a lasting financial foundation for Lutheran through Health Plus, an innovative government-sponsored insurance program for low-income residents. Lutheran's sale of Health Plus to Amerigroup in 2011 created an endowment that continues to help modernize the health system. Mr. Smith, a lifelong Brooklyn resident, was chairman emeritus of the United Hospital Fund, former president of the Brooklyn Public Library Board of Trustees, and past vice president and director of the Brooklyn Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Smith received a bachelor's in chemical engineering from Princeton University and served in the U.S. Army. He served 40 years as president of Virginia Dare Extract Company, which was founded by his grandfather Bernard, and was a former director of Dime Savings Bank of New York before it merged with Washington Mutual in 2002. He is predeceased by his wife, Elsie, and survived by his three children, Howard Jr., Jean, and Lilla, and grandchildren. NYU Lutheran mourns as we celebrate Mr. Smith's life and legacy. A wake will be held at Clavin Funeral Home, 7722 4th Ave., Brooklyn, on Tuesday, February 2, at 4-8pm. Services will be held at the Lutheran Church of the Good Shepherd, 7420 4th Ave., Brooklyn, on Wednesday, February 3, at 10 am. 1/3 SMITH--Howard. NYU Lutheran's board and staff are deeply saddened by the passing of chair emeritus Howard Smith. As chairman of Lutheran Medical Center and Augustana Center from 1966 until 2004, Smith, who died Thursday at age 85, left an indelible legacy on southwest Brooklyn. With his friend New York City Mayor John Lindsay and the American Lutheran Church, Mr. Smith brokered the 1977 expansion and relocation of Lutheran Medical Center from 4th Avenue and 46th Street to its present location, a former warehouse at 55th Street and 2nd Avenue in Sunset Park. He facilitated the creation of the Sunset Park Family Health Center, now called NYU Lutheran Family Health Centers, the second largest federally qualified health center network in the nation. He created a lasting financial foundation for Lutheran through Health Plus, an innovative government-sponsored insurance program for low-income residents. Lutheran's sale of Health Plus to Amerigroup in 2011 created an endowment that continues to help modernize the health system. Mr. Smith, a lifelong Brooklyn resident, was chairman emeritus of the United Hospital Fund, former president of the Brooklyn Public Library Board of Trustees, and past vice president and director of the Brooklyn Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Smith received a bachelor's in chemical engineering from Princeton University and served in the U.S. Army. He served 40 years as president of Virginia Dare Extract Company, which was founded by his grandfather Bernard, and was a former director of Dime Savings Bank of New York before it merged with Washington Mutual in 2002. He is predeceased by his wife, Elsie, and survived by his three children, Howard Jr., Jean, and Lilla, and grandchildren. NYU Lutheran mourns as we celebrate Mr. Smith's life and legacy. A wake will be held at Clavin Funeral Home, 7722 4th Ave., Brooklyn, on Tuesday, February 2, at 4-8pm. Services will be held at the Lutheran Church of the Good Shepherd, 7420 4th Ave., Brooklyn, on Wednesday, February 3, at 10 am. 1/3 

SAWITSKY--Arthur, MD. 1/31/1916 - 5/28/2009. Happy 100th Birthday! Extraordinary father, husband, friend, physician. We wish you were here to celebrate with us. We love and miss you every day and carry you in our hearts. Love, B, KHALEM 1/3 SAWITSKY--Arthur, MD. 1/31/1916 - 5/28/2009. Happy 100th Birthday! Extraordinary father, husband, friend, physician. We wish you were here to celebrate with us. We love and miss you every day and carry you in our hearts. Love, B, KHALEM 1/3 

SMITH--Howard. The board and staff of United Hospital Fund are deeply saddened by the death of our chairman emeritus, a health care visionary and dedicated civic and business leader. Over six decades, Howard passionately championed innovations in hospital care and community health that are now understood broadly as essential to health reform. His ability to see opportunity and make important and timely decisions, was anchored by his deep belief in the imperative of community service. UHF benefited enormously from his skillful and steadfast leadership as our wise and caring chairman for 17 years and almost 40 years of active engagement on our board. He leaves an enduring legacy in health care and an indelible mark on his beloved Brooklyn and UHF. We extend our deepest sympathies to his children and remember with affection his wife, Rev. Elsie Smith, who shared and extended his commitment and dedication. J. Barclay Collins II Chairman James R. Tallon, Jr. President 1/3 SMITH--Howard. The board and staff of United Hospital Fund are deeply saddened by the death of our chairman emeritus, a health care visionary and dedicated civic and business leader. Over six decades, Howard passionately championed innovations in hospital care and community health that are now understood broadly as essential to health reform. His ability to see opportunity and make important and timely decisions, was anchored by his deep belief in the imperative of community service. UHF benefited enormously from his skillful and steadfast leadership as our wise and caring chairman for 17 years and almost 40 years of active engagement on our board. He leaves an enduring legacy in health care and an indelible mark on his beloved Brooklyn and UHF. We extend our deepest sympathies to his children and remember with affection his wife, Rev. Elsie Smith, who shared and extended his commitment and dedication. J. Barclay Collins II Chairman James R. Tallon, Jr. President 1/3 

FEINMAN--Sheldon, 89, on January 27, devoted husband of the late Beverly and Liz, beloved father of Andrew (Aviva) and Joshua (Debra); adoring grandfather of Amanda and Melissa. A special man who exemplified perseverance and positive attitude, he will be missed by all. 1/3 FEINMAN--Sheldon, 89, on January 27, devoted husband of the late Beverly and Liz, beloved father of Andrew (Aviva) and Joshua (Debra); adoring grandfather of Amanda and Melissa. A special man who exemplified perseverance and positive attitude, he will be missed by all. 1/3 

STREIT--Jean. January 25th we lost bright, beautiful Jean Streit, a talented actress, loving wife of the late Honorable Saul Streit, Justice of New York Supreme Court, loving mother of the late Saul Jr., warm hearted, witty friend to so many others. Memorial services to be held at Church of the Holy Trinity, 316 East 88th Street, New York, 11am on February 12th. 1/3 STREIT--Jean. January 25th we lost bright, beautiful Jean Streit, a talented actress, loving wife of the late Honorable Saul Streit, Justice of New York Supreme Court, loving mother of the late Saul Jr., warm hearted, witty friend to so many others. Memorial services to be held at Church of the Holy Trinity, 316 East 88th Street, New York, 11am on February 12th. 1/3 

MURPHY--Hon. Francis T.,died peacefully on January 27, 2016 at the age of 88 surrounded by his family. He was married to his beloved Sheila Theresa for 55 wonderful years before her death on September 28, 2014. He is survived by their five children, Timothy F. Murphy and his wife, Pamela; Eileen and her husband, Jeffrey Forsyth; Kathleen and her husband, Lance Scott; Sheila and her husband, Michael Sproule; Annemarie and her husband, Kevin Casey; and his sister Irene McInerney. He was a loving grandfather to Casey, Kaitlyn, Timothy, Matthew, Sean, Patrick, Michael, Brendan, Megan and Liam. After being honorably discharged from the U.S. Navy after World War II, he graduated from Fordham University and New York Law School. A member of the New York judiciary for 40 years, he served 15 years as a trial judge and 25 years as a Justice of the Appellate Division First Department, with the last 20 years as the Court's Presiding Justice. When he left the Court, he joined the New York law firm of Kelley, Drye and Warren as Of Counsel. Throughout his career Judge Murphy was an ardent supporter of providing full legal services and justice to the underprivileged and incarcerated. A gracious man with a generous heart and strong religious beliefs, he took counsel only from his own conscience. The loves of Tim's life were his wife, Sheila, his family, his friends and his life in the law. Friends may call on Sunday, January, 31 from 2 to 4pm and 6 to 8pm at Graham Funeral Home, 1036 Boston Post Road, Rye, NY. Mass of Christian burial will be celebrated at Our Lady of Perpetual Help, 575 Fowler Avenue, Pelham Manor, NY on Monday, February 1 at 10am. Interment at St. Raymond's Cemetery. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made in Judge Murphy's name to The Province of St. Mary (for the work of the Capuchin Franciscan Friars) at 210 West 31st Street, New York, NY 10001 or donate online at: www.capuchin.org 1/3 MURPHY--Hon. Francis T.,died peacefully on January 27, 2016 at the age of 88 surrounded by his family. He was married to his beloved Sheila Theresa for 55 wonderful years before her death on September 28, 2014. He is survived by their five children, Timothy F. Murphy and his wife, Pamela; Eileen and her husband, Jeffrey Forsyth; Kathleen and her husband, Lance Scott; Sheila and her husband, Michael Sproule; Annemarie and her husband, Kevin Casey; and his sister Irene McInerney. He was a loving grandfather to Casey, Kaitlyn, Timothy, Matthew, Sean, Patrick, Michael, Brendan, Megan and Liam. After being honorably discharged from the U.S. Navy after World War II, he graduated from Fordham University and New York Law School. A member of the New York judiciary for 40 years, he served 15 years as a trial judge and 25 years as a Justice of the Appellate Division First Department, with the last 20 years as the Court's Presiding Justice. When he left the Court, he joined the New York law firm of Kelley, Drye and Warren as Of Counsel. Throughout his career Judge Murphy was an ardent supporter of providing full legal services and justice to the underprivileged and incarcerated. A gracious man with a generous heart and strong religious beliefs, he took counsel only from his own conscience. The loves of Tim's life were his wife, Sheila, his family, his friends and his life in the law. Friends may call on Sunday, January, 31 from 2 to 4pm and 6 to 8pm at Graham Funeral Home, 1036 Boston Post Road, Rye, NY. Mass of Christian burial will be celebrated at Our Lady of Perpetual Help, 575 Fowler Avenue, Pelham Manor, NY on Monday, February 1 at 10am. Interment at St. Raymond's Cemetery. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made in Judge Murphy's name to The Province of St. Mary (for the work of the Capuchin Franciscan Friars) at 210 West 31st Street, New York, NY 10001 or donate online at: www.capuchin.org 1/3 

LANEY--Christina B. Christina Bertrand Laney, age 83, of New York City died January 21, 2016. A classic "New Yorker," in every sense of the word, Christina was a native of the Upper West Side for over 50 years. She was an avid Riverside Park gardener, a frequent face at Fairway, and knew every sidewalk crack and crevasse of the Upper West Side. The daughter of Vera Federoff, of Ryazan, Russia, and Bertrand J. Laney, of New York City, Christina was born in Hankow, China, on December 28, 1932, her family fleeing China in 1940, shortly after the Japanese offensive. A true explorer, Christina traveled the world with her family, attending schools in China, Panama, El Salvador, and finally, at the University of Texas, and at New York University. It was in 1953, that Christina, in her own words, "found her Nirvana"-New York City. For over 30 years, she was involved in the entertainment industry, acting in small movie and television roles, then working behind the scenes in public relations, advertising, and film production. At United Artists, Christina was the Assistant to the Director of Special Projects for six years. She also worked for the Writer's Guild. Christina was a Vice President of Women of the Motion Picture Industry, and won their Dottie Reeves Humanitarian Award for Community Service. Christina's hobbies were manifold. Her diminutive size and powerhouse personality made her a natural spelunker. She was a member of the National Speleological Society for many years. A talented artist and poet in her own right, Christina supported Women in Motion Pictures, and the Curtain Club. She championed dozens of causes including: The Humane Society, The New York Historical Society, Sierra Club, The Wilderness Society, World Wildlife Fund, The Nature Conservancy, and the ASPCA. Christina was a lifelong volunteer for groups such as Channel 13, The Girl Scout Council of Greater New York, and, for 50 years, the Riverside Park Conservancy, where she was honored for her volunteer contribution in her beloved garden on 78th Street and Riverside Drive. Before there was Google, there was Christina. A voracious reader and a fount of knowledge about a myriad of subjects, especially New York City, family and friends could always rely on Christina for an irrefutable answer. Into her 80s, Christina was a brilliant, plucky, feisty spitfire who continued to stimulate her mind by regular attendance at jazz concerts, museums, art galleries, and theater. She was a devoted sister, aunt, cousin, and friend-a tiny woman with a huge spirit, who will be deeply missed. Christina is survived by her older sister, Kera Toline Rogers of Charleston, SC; niece Catherine Anna Toline, husband Leo Lentsch; nephews, John Colin Toline, and son John, Mark Anderson Toline, wife Ann, and son North, and Paul Alexander Toline; and cousins, Barbara Laney Swenson of Hanover, New Hampshire, Ainslie Drummond of Florida, and Irene Morgan Kay of Australia. Christina's ashes will be interred in Moline, Illinois, with her parents and Russian grandmother, Barbara (Babi) Federoff. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made in memory of Christina B. Laney to: Riverside Park Conservancy, 475 Riverside Drive, Suite 455, New York, NY 10115. 1/3 LANEY--Christina B. Christina Bertrand Laney, age 83, of New York City died January 21, 2016. A classic "New Yorker," in every sense of the word, Christina was a native of the Upper West Side for over 50 years. She was an avid Riverside Park gardener, a frequent face at Fairway, and knew every sidewalk crack and crevasse of the Upper West Side. The daughter of Vera Federoff, of Ryazan, Russia, and Bertrand J. Laney, of New York City, Christina was born in Hankow, China, on December 28, 1932, her family fleeing China in 1940, shortly after the Japanese offensive. A true explorer, Christina traveled the world with her family, attending schools in China, Panama, El Salvador, and finally, at the University of Texas, and at New York University. It was in 1953, that Christina, in her own words, "found her Nirvana"-New York City. For over 30 years, she was involved in the entertainment industry, acting in small movie and television roles, then working behind the scenes in public relations, advertising, and film production. At United Artists, Christina was the Assistant to the Director of Special Projects for six years. She also worked for the Writer's Guild. Christina was a Vice President of Women of the Motion Picture Industry, and won their Dottie Reeves Humanitarian Award for Community Service. Christina's hobbies were manifold. Her diminutive size and powerhouse personality made her a natural spelunker. She was a member of the National Speleological Society for many years. A talented artist and poet in her own right, Christina supported Women in Motion Pictures, and the Curtain Club. She championed dozens of causes including: The Humane Society, The New York Historical Society, Sierra Club, The Wilderness Society, World Wildlife Fund, The Nature Conservancy, and the ASPCA. Christina was a lifelong volunteer for groups such as Channel 13, The Girl Scout Council of Greater New York, and, for 50 years, the Riverside Park Conservancy, where she was honored for her volunteer contribution in her beloved garden on 78th Street and Riverside Drive. Before there was Google, there was Christina. A voracious reader and a fount of knowledge about a myriad of subjects, especially New York City, family and friends could always rely on Christina for an irrefutable answer. Into her 80s, Christina was a brilliant, plucky, feisty spitfire who continued to stimulate her mind by regular attendance at jazz concerts, museums, art galleries, and theater. She was a devoted sister, aunt, cousin, and friend-a tiny woman with a huge spirit, who will be deeply missed. Christina is survived by her older sister, Kera Toline Rogers of Charleston, SC; niece Catherine Anna Toline, husband Leo Lentsch; nephews, John Colin Toline, and son John, Mark Anderson Toline, wife Ann, and son North, and Paul Alexander Toline; and cousins, Barbara Laney Swenson of Hanover, New Hampshire, Ainslie Drummond of Florida, and Irene Morgan Kay of Australia. Christina's ashes will be interred in Moline, Illinois, with her parents and Russian grandmother, Barbara (Babi) Federoff. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made in memory of Christina B. Laney to: Riverside Park Conservancy, 475 Riverside Drive, Suite 455, New York, NY 10115. 1/3 

FOSTER--Madeleine McHugh Andres, age 93, formerly of Eastchester and New Rochelle, the beloved wife of the late John Joseph Andres and the late Vincent F. "Bud" Foster, passed away peacefully on Sunday, January 10, 2016. Madeleine is survived by her four loving children, Stephen, Patricia "Tisha," Robert and John; stepchildren, Michael, Cathleen and Nicholas; numerous grandchildren, great-grand-children, and nieces and nephews. Friends are invited to attend a Memorial Mass on Friday, February 12, 2016 at 9:30am, directly at the Immaculate Conception Church in Tuckahoe, NY. Interment will follow in Holy Mount Cemetery in Eastchester. Memorial donations may be made in her name to The Jewish Home for the Elderly, 175 Jefferson Street, Fairfield, CT 06825. To send an online condolence and to view the full obituary, please visit www.shaughnesseybanks. com. 1/3 FOSTER--Madeleine McHugh Andres, age 93, formerly of Eastchester and New Rochelle, the beloved wife of the late John Joseph Andres and the late Vincent F. "Bud" Foster, passed away peacefully on Sunday, January 10, 2016. Madeleine is survived by her four loving children, Stephen, Patricia "Tisha," Robert and John; stepchildren, Michael, Cathleen and Nicholas; numerous grandchildren, great-grand-children, and nieces and nephews. Friends are invited to attend a Memorial Mass on Friday, February 12, 2016 at 9:30am, directly at the Immaculate Conception Church in Tuckahoe, NY. Interment will follow in Holy Mount Cemetery in Eastchester. Memorial donations may be made in her name to The Jewish Home for the Elderly, 175 Jefferson Street, Fairfield, CT 06825. To send an online condolence and to view the full obituary, please visit www.shaughnesseybanks. com. 1/3 

GREAVES--Jemima K. January 31, 1995. Time will not dim the memory of you. RLJ, Son 1/3 GREAVES--Jemima K. January 31, 1995. Time will not dim the memory of you. RLJ, Son 1/3 

DWORKIN--Peter L. 4/21/49 - 1/29/2015 Our Beloved Dad, brilliant, fascinating and utterly hilarious. You left us too soon. Always in our hearts, Natalie, Sam, Max & Rachel 1/3 DWORKIN--Peter L. 4/21/49 - 1/29/2015 Our Beloved Dad, brilliant, fascinating and utterly hilarious. You left us too soon. Always in our hearts, Natalie, Sam, Max & Rachel 1/3 

Ms. Chouteau, a former principal dancer of the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo, was one of five celebrated Native American dancers from Oklahoma. Ms. Chouteau, a former principal dancer of the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo, was one of five celebrated Native American dancers from Oklahoma. 

You can stream a Shia LaBeouf movie. Elsewhere, Vice reports on the battle against the Islamic State, and “60 Minutes” looks at money laundering. You can stream a Shia LaBeouf movie. Elsewhere, Vice reports on the battle against the Islamic State, and “60 Minutes” looks at money laundering. 

The movie, a slave-revolt drama, won the grand jury prize for a narrative film and was voted the best movie by audiences at the festival. The movie, a slave-revolt drama, won the grand jury prize for a narrative film and was voted the best movie by audiences at the festival. Nate Parker movie The Birth of a Nation wins top prizes at Sundance Film Festival and gets record $17.5 million distribution deal from Fox Searchlight; winners of other categories noted. 

Holiday’s shot, a 15-footer with 1.3 seconds to play, gave New Orleans its fifth win in six games. But it was almost not the shot of the night: Joe Johnson nearly made a 41-footer at the buzzer. Holiday’s shot, a 15-footer with 1.3 seconds to play, gave New Orleans its fifth win in six games. But it was almost not the shot of the night: Joe Johnson nearly made a 41-footer at the buzzer. 

Red Wings center Dylan Larkin, 19, won the title as the N.H.L.&#8217;s fastest skater and broke the record for the fastest lap around the rink that was set in 1996. Red Wings center Dylan Larkin, 19, won the title as the N.H.L.&#8217;s fastest skater and broke the record for the fastest lap around the rink that was set in 1996. Detroit Red Wings center Dylan Larkin wins fastest skater competition at NHL All-Star skills challenge, finishing in record 12.894 seconds; other All-Star Game news noted.

Rabbi Borowitz argued that a balance must be struck between the modern desire for independently shaping a person’s religious ideas and a more traditional vision of a commanding God. Rabbi Borowitz argued that a balance must be struck between the modern desire for independently shaping a person’s religious ideas and a more traditional vision of a commanding God. Rabbi Eugene B Borowitz, leading theologian of Reform Judaism whose philosophical works argued for balance between reason and covenantal relationship with God, dies at age 91.

In some cases, the agency said, unscrupulous tax preparers tell clients to pay the penalties for not having health insurance directly to them, and then keep the money. In some cases, the agency said, unscrupulous tax preparers tell clients to pay the penalties for not having health insurance directly to them, and then keep the money. Internal Revenue Service issues warning to people who voluntarily forgo health insurance, specifically illegal immigrants with limited English proficiency, due to growing trend of tax prepares who request health law penalties be paid to them and instead pocket money; IRS recommends payments be made through tax return or by letter to IRS. 



Turkey’s Foreign Ministry said a Russian fighter jet entered the country’s airspace after radar units warned it to turn back. Turkey’s Foreign Ministry said a Russian fighter jet entered the country’s airspace after radar units warned it to turn back. Turkish authorities say Russia made second breach of its airspace in recent months, exacerbating already tense relations between nations who back rivals in Syrian conflict; Russian officials deny incident occurred, while Turkey threatens consequences for future violatons.

Mr. Cruz’s operation, using a narrower approach than that of Donald J. Trump’s, is trying to persuade Iowans who are frequent caucus participants to commit to turning out on Monday. Mr. Cruz’s operation, using a narrower approach than that of Donald J. Trump’s, is trying to persuade Iowans who are frequent caucus participants to commit to turning out on Monday. Presidential candidate Sen Ted Cruz refocuses campaign and implements new strategies to reach caucus-goers in Iowa after losing lead in polls to candidate Donald J Trump.  

President Xi’s arrival after the lifting of sanctions related to Iran’s nuclear program provided a moment for China to set the stage for future deal-making. President Xi’s arrival after the lifting of sanctions related to Iran’s nuclear program provided a moment for China to set the stage for future deal-making. Memo From Beijing; Chinese Pres Xi Jinping completes Middle East visit with stops in Iran and Saudi Arabia; leader's ability to easily engage bitter regional rivals is attributed to China's relatively clean slate in its relations with Middle East and its near-exclusive emphasis on economic relationships.

Candidates are crisscrossing the state this weekend in a frantic sprint, cajoling the last undecided voters and energizing supporters before Monday’s caucuses. Candidates are crisscrossing the state this weekend in a frantic sprint, cajoling the last undecided voters and energizing supporters before Monday’s caucuses. Breakdown of movement of 2016 presidential candidates in day before Iowa caucus.

Proposed state legislation that would require judges to favor heterosexual couples over same-sex couples in adoptions and foster care placements is blatantly unconstitutional, critics of the bill say. Proposed state legislation that would require judges to favor heterosexual couples over same-sex couples in adoptions and foster care placements is blatantly unconstitutional, critics of the bill say. 

Brown, coach of the Philadelphia 76ers (the worst team in the league), and Kerr, coach of the Golden State Warriors (the best team on the planet), find themselves in disparate roles. Brown, coach of the Philadelphia 76ers (the worst team in the league), and Kerr, coach of the Golden State Warriors (the best team on the planet), find themselves in disparate roles. Scott Cacciola On Pro Basketball column notes that Golden State Warriors, led by coach Steve Kerr, have become symbol of excellence and stability, while Philadelphia 76ers, led by coach Brett Brown, have become synonymous with losing; both Kerr and Brown were mentored by Gregg Popovich, head coach of San Antonio Spurs.

An election will be held on April 19 to fill four vacancies in the State Legislature, including those created by the convictions of Sheldon Silver and Dean G. Skelos. An election will be held on April 19 to fill four vacancies in the State Legislature, including those created by the convictions of Sheldon Silver and Dean G. Skelos. New York Gov Andrew Cuomo announces special election in April to fill four State Legislature openings; two vacancies were caused by convictions of former Assembly speaker Sheldon Silver and former Senate majority leader Dean G Skelos.

The Hall of Famer made his first public appearance since he was nearly killed by a heart attack. The Hall of Famer made his first public appearance since he was nearly killed by a heart attack. Former Major League Baseball player and coach Rod Carew attends Minnesota Twins fan festival, known as TwinsFest, his first public appearance since suffering severe heart attack.

No. 1 Oklahoma overcame a 14-point deficit to escape with a 77-75 victory at Louisiana State on Saturday. No. 1 Oklahoma overcame a 14-point deficit to escape with a 77-75 victory at Louisiana State on Saturday. College Basketball Roundup; Oklahoma men's basketball team defeats Louisiana State, 77-75; other men's and women's scores noted.

The final Des Moines Register survey before the Iowa caucuses is a huge event in the world of political polling. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are the leaders. The final Des Moines Register survey before the Iowa caucuses is a huge event in the world of political polling. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are the leaders. 

More than a third of pregnant women with the mosquito-borne illness are in a single province, the nation&#8217;s health institute said. More than a third of pregnant women with the mosquito-borne illness are in a single province, the nation&#8217;s health institute said. 

Liz Cheney, the daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney, has filed to run for Wyoming’s House seat, which will be open after Representative Cynthia M. Lummis retires at the end of the year. Liz Cheney, the daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney, has filed to run for Wyoming’s House seat, which will be open after Representative Cynthia M. Lummis retires at the end of the year. 

Millions of people are still driving vehicles with Takata airbags that may pose a lethal danger because they have not been repaired or, in some cases, even recalled. Millions of people are still driving vehicles with Takata airbags that may pose a lethal danger because they have not been repaired or, in some cases, even recalled. Vast number of faulty Takata-manufactured airbags have not been repaired or recalled over decade since first confirmed rupture, posing threat to tens of millions of drivers and passengers; drivers report long waits for vehicle repairs and refusal of automakers to provide loaner cars in interim; National Highway Traffic Safety Admin does not have authority to order people to stop driving cars and has not issued any advisory to do so. 

The Takata airbag recalls have mushroomed to an estimated 28 million inflaters in more than 24 million cars at 14 automakers. The Takata airbag recalls have mushroomed to an estimated 28 million inflaters in more than 24 million cars at 14 automakers. 

Viktoria Rebensburg of Germany overcame a huge mistake early in her final run Saturday to win her second straight women’s World Cup giant slalom. Viktoria Rebensburg of Germany overcame a huge mistake early in her final run Saturday to win her second straight women’s World Cup giant slalom. Winter Sports Roundup; Viktoria Rebensburg wins women's World Cup giant slalom in Maribor, Slovenia; other winter sports news noted.

Lionel Messi and Luis Su&#225;rez led Barcelona to a 2-1 comeback victory over second-place Atl&#233;tico Madrid in the Spanish league. Lionel Messi and Luis Su&#225;rez led Barcelona to a 2-1 comeback victory over second-place Atl&#233;tico Madrid in the Spanish league. Soccer Roundup; Barcelona defeats Atletico Madrid, 2-1; other matches noted.

Erstad decided to pull his name from consideration for the manager job with the Los Angeles Dodgers and said he was committed to the Huskers for as long as they want to keep him. Erstad decided to pull his name from consideration for the manager job with the Los Angeles Dodgers and said he was committed to the Huskers for as long as they want to keep him. 

The Panthers&#8217; Ron Rivera and the Broncos&#8217; Gary Kubiak have, for the most part, avoided making gaffes that have plagued other coaches during this postseason. The Panthers&#8217; Ron Rivera and the Broncos&#8217; Gary Kubiak have, for the most part, avoided making gaffes that have plagued other coaches during this postseason. 

Draymond Green has always been known for his defense, but he has emerged as the N.B.A.&#8217;s most unheralded triple-double threat since Lever, whose prime was short but memorable. Draymond Green has always been known for his defense, but he has emerged as the N.B.A.&#8217;s most unheralded triple-double threat since Lever, whose prime was short but memorable. Keeping Score column; Golden State Warriors forward Draymond Green, like former NBA player Fat Lever, has turned himself into All-Star despite being labeled too small for sport and spending early parts of his career slowly developing.

The fan base and the finances of the N.W.H.L. and the C.W.H.L. are promising, but the question is whether a merger of the two leagues would benefit the game. The fan base and the finances of the N.W.H.L. and the C.W.H.L. are promising, but the question is whether a merger of the two leagues would benefit the game. 

About 20,000 spectators flocked to Eagle River, Wis., known as the snowmobile capital of the world, for the annual World Championship Snowmobile Derby in January. About 20,000 spectators flocked to Eagle River, Wis., known as the snowmobile capital of the world, for the annual World Championship Snowmobile Derby in January. 

From the perspective of the teams, it&#8217;s easy to understand the T-shirt-cannon phenomenon. But from the fans&#8217; perspective, the phenomenon mystifies. From the perspective of the teams, it&#8217;s easy to understand the T-shirt-cannon phenomenon. But from the fans&#8217; perspective, the phenomenon mystifies. Sports fans go to great lengths, sometimes risking even paralysis, for free T-shirts launched into crowd during games; high prices fans pay for seats often leaves them feeling entitled for something in return.

Just 18 hours before his singles final against Novak Djokovic, Andy Murray watched his older brother and Bruno Soares beat Daniel Nestor and Radek Stepanek. Just 18 hours before his singles final against Novak Djokovic, Andy Murray watched his older brother and Bruno Soares beat Daniel Nestor and Radek Stepanek. Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares defeat Daniel Nestor and Radek Stepanek to win doubles title of Australian Open tennis tournament.

Elephants, which hold a near-mystical place in Myanmar, are out of work because of shrinking forests, and the nation must now figure out how to handle 5,500 pachyderms in captivity. Elephants, which hold a near-mystical place in Myanmar, are out of work because of shrinking forests, and the nation must now figure out how to handle 5,500 pachyderms in captivity. Elephants traditionally employed in Myanmar's logging industry are sidelined by deforestation and new restrictions on timber exports; authorities managing country's transition from dictatorship to democracy are struggling to keep animals occupied and healthy.

I’m less interested in whether a president kneels down than in whether he or she stands up for the right things, including religious pluralism. I’m less interested in whether a president kneels down than in whether he or she stands up for the right things, including religious pluralism. Frank Bruni Op-Ed column observes increasing emphasis on candidates' religiosity in run up to Iowa Republican caucuses, noting that Sen Ted Cruz has led way in questioning Christian piety of his opponents; questions why Republican Party often seems to have religious litmus test for its presidential candidates.

To be a critic is to be a defender of the life of art and a champion of the art of living. To be a critic is to be a defender of the life of art and a champion of the art of living. News Analysis; essay adapted from A O Scott book Better Living Through Criticism: How to Think About Art, Pleasure, Beauty, and Truth considers purpose and utility of role of professional critic. 

The brave young woman who is the focus of an Oscar-nominated documentary tried to stand up to a culture that allows “honor killings.” The brave young woman who is the focus of an Oscar-nominated documentary tried to stand up to a culture that allows “honor killings.” Nicholas Kristof Op-Ed column calls attention to Academy Award-nominated documentary A Girl in the River: The Price of Forgiveness, which relates story of Pakistani woman Saba Qaiser, victim of botched honor killing; contends film is reminder that central moral challenge of 21st century is abuse and oppression of so many women around world.

Syrian Christianity, threatened with destruction, still has secrets to reveal. Syrian Christianity, threatened with destruction, still has secrets to reveal. Op-Ed article by Prof Michael Peppard describes how painting at Yale University Art Gallery, excavated in 1932 in eastern Syria, may in fact be oldest known image of Virgin Mary; notes painting was long thought to depict so-called Samaritan Woman; warns of way Islamic State group's plundering of sites like one where painting was discovered threatens further understanding and preservation of artifacts from early Syrian Christianity.

Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders, in very different ways, are telling us we don’t have to settle for things as they are. Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders, in very different ways, are telling us we don’t have to settle for things as they are. Ross Douthat Op-Ed column suggests supporters of both Donald Trump on Republican side and of Sen Bernie Sanders on Democratic side are rebelling against political decadence that is keeping American society from advancing and improving; warns that blind desire for advancement of any kind, at any cost, is dangerous.

It’s an off-the-grid state, and he is an off-the-grid politician. It’s an off-the-grid state, and he is an off-the-grid politician. Op-Ed article by David Moats looks back at Sen Bernie Sanders's success in 2000 race for House of Representatives in effort to examine Sanders's appeal to voters; notes Sanders won his largest margin of victory in that election cycle, even as state experienced its strongest conservative backlash; examines whether broad base of support Sanders enjoys in Vermont is applicable nationally.

He knows how to act properly when he needs to, he claims over the phone. But right now he doesn’t need to. He knows how to act properly when he needs to, he claims over the phone. But right now he doesn’t need to. Maureen Dowd Op-Ed relates conversation she had with Donald J Trump about possible ways presidency could negatively affect him, particularly given his outsize ego.

Several readers argue that the sole standard for a nomination should be the quality of the artistic performance or film, not skin color. Several readers argue that the sole standard for a nomination should be the quality of the artistic performance or film, not skin color. 

Our increasing use of Special Operations Forces ensures we never confront the wars fought in our name. Our increasing use of Special Operations Forces ensures we never confront the wars fought in our name. Op-Ed article by former Army Captain Matt Gallagher expresses concern about way Special Operations Command has not only dominated American imagination about military, but also military strategy; cites nomination of Special-Ops head Gen Joseph L Votel to lead United States Central Command as evidence of his theory.

A weekly comic strip featured in the Sunday Review. A weekly comic strip featured in the Sunday Review. Brian McFadden The Strip comic offers suggested exercises for those who deny climate change is real.

Tourist helicopters disturb the city’s few oases of peace and quiet. Tourist helicopters disturb the city’s few oases of peace and quiet. Op-Ed article by Adrian Benepe and Merritt Birnbaum complains about proliferation of tourist helicopters flying up and down Hudson River, creating disturbing amount of air and noise pollution; calls on City Council to pass legislation to address problem; graph illustrates dramatic increase in such flights between 2009 and 20014.

With no advance warning, the comedian released a new online show called “Horace and Pete” on Saturday. With no advance warning, the comedian released a new online show called “Horace and Pete” on Saturday. 

The costume designer for “Downton Abbey” on Russian murder mysteries, watching the river flow, and, of course, beautiful gowns. The costume designer for “Downton Abbey” on Russian murder mysteries, watching the river flow, and, of course, beautiful gowns. Download interview with costume designer Anna Robbins, who is best known for her work on television series Downton Abbey; Robbins offers recommendations for books and other forms of entertainment.

Readers sound off on the latest headlines in Sports. Readers sound off on the latest headlines in Sports. 

Ms. Wild, a successful writer of erotic fiction, is one of a growing number of enterprising authors who are building small publishing houses, revealing just how much self-publishing has matured. Ms. Wild, a successful writer of erotic fiction, is one of a growing number of enterprising authors who are building small publishing houses, revealing just how much self-publishing has matured. Romance novelist Meredith Wild and her imprint Waterhouse Press have found success representing authors who already have self-published e-books, giving them opportunity to get their works printed and on shelves of bookstores and big box chains; Wild, who expects to release at least nine novels this year, is one of many small publishers mining opportunities in massive e-book industry and grabbing chunk of print market from larger, more established publishing houses.

Encouraging employees to give you honest, even critical, feedback can help you develop new skills and be a better boss. Encouraging employees to give you honest, even critical, feedback can help you develop new skills and be a better boss. Barbara Mistick Preoccupations column relates how difficult it is for executives to get candid feedback from their colleagues. 

Services are popping up to help relatives looking to bid a more intimate and natural farewell take their end-of-life rituals out of the mortuary. Services are popping up to help relatives looking to bid a more intimate and natural farewell take their end-of-life rituals out of the mortuary. 

In interviews, supporters of Mr. Trump expressed concern about terrorists coming across the border, while Mr. Sanders&#8217;s backers were anxious about the growing inequality in wealth and income. In interviews, supporters of Mr. Trump expressed concern about terrorists coming across the border, while Mr. Sanders&#8217;s backers were anxious about the growing inequality in wealth and income. Iowan supporters of Donald J Trump and Sen Bernie Sanders share sense of disempowerment, anger at American political system and conviction that only their candidate is capable of fixing it; groups, who skew white and male and equal one another in passion, stand to influence course of 2016 presidential election.

Before Saturday, Serena Williams had always won the Australian Open title after reaching the semifinals. But even she knew not to take victory for granted. Before Saturday, Serena Williams had always won the Australian Open title after reaching the semifinals. But even she knew not to take victory for granted. Christopher Clarey On Tennis column holds that Angelique Kerber played her best tennis in Australian Open final against Serena Williams and, after winning, proved to other women tennis players that Williams is not invincible.

Advantages that usually turn candidates like Hillary Clinton and Jeb Bush into inevitable nominees — money, experience and endorsements — will be tested against promises of upheaval. Advantages that usually turn candidates like Hillary Clinton and Jeb Bush into inevitable nominees — money, experience and endorsements — will be tested against promises of upheaval. Outcome of Iowa caucuses will begin to reveal true extent of Americans' desire to cast aside traditional politicians and embrace outsiders espousing radical ideas catering to their passions; Iowa will test strength of usual advantages of political experience and strong fundraising apparatuses.

Two black students, employing YouTube videos and a hashtag, started a campaign to expose what they see as a hostile climate at Boston Latin School, a beacon of high achievement that was founded in 1635. Two black students, employing YouTube videos and a hashtag, started a campaign to expose what they see as a hostile climate at Boston Latin School, a beacon of high achievement that was founded in 1635. Boston Latin School lands in middle of discrimination discussion when black students Meggie Noel and Kylie Webster-Cazeau launch social media campaign to shed light on school culture where online hate speech and racial slurs receive little disciplinary action; headmaster Lynne Mooney Teta announces series of steps to address racial hostility and create cultural awareness within school.

Genetically engineered mosquitoes are among the cutting-edge weapons being tested against diseases, even as some experts say old-fashioned tools like DDT may be worth discussing. Genetically engineered mosquitoes are among the cutting-edge weapons being tested against diseases, even as some experts say old-fashioned tools like DDT may be worth discussing. Mosquitoes genetically engineered to produce offspring that die soon after birth are being tested as weapon against Zika virus sweeping Latin America; experts say standard methods of insecticide and removing standing water where mosquitoes breed have proved inadequate to daunting task.

Ms. Neill, who did the makeup for Michael Keaton in “Beetlejuice” and Johnny Depp in “Pirates of the Caribbean,” has been fascinated with transforming people since she was 5. Ms. Neill, who did the makeup for Michael Keaton in “Beetlejuice” and Johnny Depp in “Pirates of the Caribbean,” has been fascinated with transforming people since she was 5. Vocations column; Ve Neill, independent makeup artist whose work has won Oscars and other awards, describes her career. 

A member of a class-action lawsuit received a Walmart gift card as part of a settlement, but because of a legal ambiguity, the real gift may be for the lawyers. A member of a class-action lawsuit received a Walmart gift card as part of a settlement, but because of a legal ambiguity, the real gift may be for the lawyers. David Segal The Haggler column examines case in which Walmart characterized court-ordered class action payments as 'gifts'; notes attorneys are usually biggest winners in such suits. 

Gov. John Kasich is the only plausible choice for Republicans tired of the extremist front-runners in the primary contest. Gov. John Kasich is the only plausible choice for Republicans tired of the extremist front-runners in the primary contest. Editorial urges Republicans tired of extremism and inexperience displayed by many in nasty 2016 presidential nominating contest to choose Ohio Gov John Kasich; underscores how rare and refreshing it is to hear Republican candidate speak about hope for future.

Coast guard officials said at least 33 people had died, and 75 were rescued. But officials suspect more migrants were trapped inside the boat and that the death toll will rise. Coast guard officials said at least 33 people had died, and 75 were rescued. But officials suspect more migrants were trapped inside the boat and that the death toll will rise. Boat accident off coast of Turkey kills 37 people, including 10 children, believed to be Syrian refugees; experts say January 2016 alone has seen 218 people drown in Aegean Sea trying to reach Greece.

This week’s subjects include responsibility for clearing sidewalks of snow; controlling ventilation and odors; and the value of roof decks. This week’s subjects include responsibility for clearing sidewalks of snow; controlling ventilation and odors; and the value of roof decks. Real Estate Q&A answers questions from around New York on responsibilities for shoveling snow from sidewalks, dealing with cigarette smoke in co-op common areas and reconstructing roof deck to sell co-op unit.

Analysis on Apple’s iPhone sales, Microsoft’s rebound, Amazon’s profits and Facebook’s success with mobile advertising. Analysis on Apple’s iPhone sales, Microsoft’s rebound, Amazon’s profits and Facebook’s success with mobile advertising. 

But there are signs that he’s losing ground with affluent whites, and he’s still struggling with nonwhite voters. But there are signs that he’s losing ground with affluent whites, and he’s still struggling with nonwhite voters. 

We sent our reporter Trip Gabriel to live in Iowa. Here’s what he’s watching for as the caucuses near. We sent our reporter Trip Gabriel to live in Iowa. Here’s what he’s watching for as the caucuses near. 

The four men were among 29 miners caught when a cavernous gypsum mine in Pingyi County, Shandong Province, collapsed on Dec. 25. Thirteen are still missing. The four men were among 29 miners caught when a cavernous gypsum mine in Pingyi County, Shandong Province, collapsed on Dec. 25. Thirteen are still missing. Four miners are rescued in China after 36 days trapped underground following collapse of gypsum mine in Shandong Province; 13 miners remain missing.

Want to party with the movie stars, but not invited? V.I.P. concierges offer well-heeled clients access to screenings, clubs and parties. Want to party with the movie stars, but not invited? V.I.P. concierges offer well-heeled clients access to screenings, clubs and parties. 

Inside the race to be the next great pronoun of our era. Inside the race to be the next great pronoun of our era. Jessica Bennett Command Z column observes that society now allows flexibility when it comes to sexuality and gender, resulting in linguistics challenge when talking about someone who identifies as neither male nor female.

The president seeks $4 billion to help states expand in an area he views as critical to young people’s success in a changing job market. The president seeks $4 billion to help states expand in an area he views as critical to young people’s success in a changing job market. Pres Obama presents Computer Science for All initiative in 2017 budget plan and earmarks $4 billion towards expanding computer science education across the nation.

Odds are good that when you search Google for someone to help you get into your home or car, results will include poorly trained subcontractors who will squeeze you for cash. Odds are good that when you search Google for someone to help you get into your home or car, results will include poorly trained subcontractors who will squeeze you for cash. Locksmiths complain that so-called 'lead generators' are using high-tech strategies to fool Google into listing them in search results as local services; customers, attracted by low prices, are tricked into contacting call centers that dispatch poorly trained subcontractors who often demand far more than listed rate; operations are often based in other countries; much of blame is centered on Google, which makes money from process through its AdWords advertising platform. 

At least 36 restaurants across China were investigated in the past week for adding poppy capsules and other illegal ingredients to food, the state news media said. At least 36 restaurants across China were investigated in the past week for adding poppy capsules and other illegal ingredients to food, the state news media said. 

The establishment thoughtfully labels some dishes for vegetarians and diners who avoid gluten, but its six varieties of house-made bacon dominate. The establishment thoughtfully labels some dishes for vegetarians and diners who avoid gluten, but its six varieties of house-made bacon dominate. Christopher Brooks reviews Cure Restaurant and Bar in Unionville (Metropolitan/Connecticut).

Hot drinks of various flavors and sweet toppings can warm you up as well as serve as substitutes for dessert. Hot drinks of various flavors and sweet toppings can warm you up as well as serve as substitutes for dessert. Long Island bartenders create imaginative cold weather drinks, from traditional cider toddies to do-it-yourself spiked hot chocolate bar; list of four establishments and their specialties noted (Metropolitan/Long Island). 

That region of China claims wheat as a staple crop, not rice, so the the carbohydrates of choice are noodles and pancakes. Even mainstream Chinese dishes have a northwestern spin. That region of China claims wheat as a staple crop, not rice, so the the carbohydrates of choice are noodles and pancakes. Even mainstream Chinese dishes have a northwestern spin. Marissa Rothkopf Bates reviews restaurant Shan Shan Noodles in Parsippany (Metropolitan/New Jersey). 

The North Indian restaurant offers dishes that are savory, sweet and piquant, and tries to educate diners who might not be familiar with the cuisine. The North Indian restaurant offers dishes that are savory, sweet and piquant, and tries to educate diners who might not be familiar with the cuisine. Emily DeNitto reviews restaurant Spice Kitchen in Mamaroneck (Metropolitan/Westchester).

A former firehouse embraces its second life as the base for an active nonprofit organization in Kent. A former firehouse embraces its second life as the base for an active nonprofit organization in Kent. Arts center in Putnam County, NY, run by nonprofit organization Arts on the Lake, is housed in converted firehouse in town of Kent; center has developed reputation for high-quality cultural offerings, from classical music concerts to documentary films. 

In Yasmina Reza’s comedy, what seems like social banter takes a combative turn as two sets of Brooklyn parents discuss a violent episode involving their sons. In Yasmina Reza’s comedy, what seems like social banter takes a combative turn as two sets of Brooklyn parents discuss a violent episode involving their sons. Aileen Jacobson reviews Yasmina Reza play God of Carnage, translated from French by Christopher Hampton, directed by Richard T Dolce at John W Engeman Theater in Northport (Metropolitan/Long Island). 

At TheaterWorks in Hartford, Jonathan Tolins’s comedy imagines a job with the singer at her personal shopping mall. At TheaterWorks in Hartford, Jonathan Tolins’s comedy imagines a job with the singer at her personal shopping mall. Sylviane Gold reviews Jonathan Tolins play Buyer & Cellar, directed by Rob Ruggiero and starring Tom Lenk, at TheaterWorks in Hartford (Metropolitan/Connecticut). 

Plus: Celebrating a retirement, art works and antiques. Plus: Celebrating a retirement, art works and antiques. 

A longstanding bathhouse in the East Village has found ways to attract a new generation of customers — though they tend to come only every other week. A longstanding bathhouse in the East Village has found ways to attract a new generation of customers — though they tend to come only every other week. Patrons of fabled Russian and Turkish Baths, 124-year-old East Village bath and steam house, have seen dramatic change in operations and clientele after owners Boris Tuberman and David Shapiro split operation down the middle, each running it on alternate weeks; move created distinct groups of customers, confusing some long-term customers who say facility often feels far more like gentrified spa than steamy men's denizen they have been accustomed to.

The painter, playwright, performance artist and children’s book author and illustrator lives on the Upper East Side. The painter, playwright, performance artist and children’s book author and illustrator lives on the Upper East Side. Multimedia artist Cynthia von Buhler loves her objet d'art- and antique-filled Upper East Side apartment, which she rents out for film shoots. 

The artist, author and playwright lives with her husband, Russell Farhang, on the Upper East Side. The artist, author and playwright lives with her husband, Russell Farhang, on the Upper East Side. 

Boris Tuberman and David Shapiro, the two owners of the Russian and Turkish Baths, run the business on alternate weeks and, increasingly, draw different crowds. Boris Tuberman and David Shapiro, the two owners of the Russian and Turkish Baths, run the business on alternate weeks and, increasingly, draw different crowds. 

This retrospective, “Heat & Vice: the Films of Michael Mann,” focuses on his career as a feature film director. This retrospective, “Heat & Vice: the Films of Michael Mann,” focuses on his career as a feature film director. 

N.B.A. Commissioner Adam Silver’s daps — a more intricate, intimate handshake — have inspired double takes from players and gleeful Twitter posts from amused spectators. N.B.A. Commissioner Adam Silver’s daps — a more intricate, intimate handshake — have inspired double takes from players and gleeful Twitter posts from amused spectators. Many are surprised by NBA Commissioner Adam Silver's handshake style--three-step shake plus half-hug combination that many players prefer to use.

Looking back at the spring 2016 collections in Paris. Looking back at the spring 2016 collections in Paris. Vanessa Friedman reviews spring 2016 collections in Paris, including Chanel, Atelier Versace, Armani Prive, Dior and more.

A story going around the web suggests that the Dutch ruler of what was to become New York was the father of fun-house mirrors. Not so. A story going around the web suggests that the Dutch ruler of what was to become New York was the father of fun-house mirrors. Not so. FYI column answers question on whether Dutch colonial ruler Peter Stuyvesant, figure in New York City history, was father of fun-house mirrors. 

Florence Isaacs, a widow, writes online advice columns about death, which have touched on subjects like funeral etiquette and suicide. Florence Isaacs, a widow, writes online advice columns about death, which have touched on subjects like funeral etiquette and suicide. Corey Kilgannon Character Study column on Florence Isaacs, West Village author and columnist whose books, columns and blogs give advice and etiquette regarding deaths, funerals, widowhood and other related issues.

An apartment at 432 Park Avenue, currently the tallest residential tower in the Western Hemisphere, was the sale of the week. An apartment at 432 Park Avenue, currently the tallest residential tower in the Western Hemisphere, was the sale of the week. Big Ticket column; two-bedroom unit in new condominium building at 432 Park Avenue, currently tallest residential tower in Western Hemisphere at 1,396 feet, is New York City's highest residential sale of week, closing at $18,926,920.09. 

This week’s properties are in Garden City, N.Y., and Hillsdale, N.J. This week’s properties are in Garden City, N.Y., and Hillsdale, N.J. 

This week’s properties are in Garden City, N.Y., and Hillsdale, N.J. This week’s properties are in Garden City, N.Y., and Hillsdale, N.J. 

Beyond the precedent set by the fate of previous independent presidential candidates, Michael R. Bloomberg would face other obvious obstacles on the road to the White House. Beyond the precedent set by the fate of previous independent presidential candidates, Michael R. Bloomberg would face other obvious obstacles on the road to the White House. Ginia Bellafante Big City column considers probability of Michael Bloomberg winning 2016 presidential race; former New York City mayor announced he is thinking of running as independent candidate to give voters an alternative to Donald J Trump. 

Bryson talks about “The Road to Little Dribbling” and Molly Young discusses new books about productivity. Bryson talks about “The Road to Little Dribbling” and Molly Young discusses new books about productivity. 

We already know which pandemics are on the horizon. We just don’t do anything about them. We already know which pandemics are on the horizon. We just don’t do anything about them. Op-Ed article by Prof Michael T Osterholm observes high amount of anxiety over Zika virus is yet another reminder public has very short attention span with respect to diseases; contends that, given previous outbreaks of mosquito-borne viruses, Zika, and potentially others in future, should have been anticipated and plans for dealing with them formulated.

This Chilean director admires the film “Spotlight,” which deals with a similar subject. But he takes his tale in a different direction. This Chilean director admires the film “Spotlight,” which deals with a similar subject. But he takes his tale in a different direction. Chilean director Pablo Larrain's latest film The Club offers very personal look into lives of priests who have been removed from their posts for variety of sins or even crimes.

Ms. Myles, who published two books in 2015 and won fame through the TV series “Transparent,” meditates, writes and acknowledges doing “secret things.” Ms. Myles, who published two books in 2015 and won fame through the TV series “Transparent,” meditates, writes and acknowledges doing “secret things.” Eileen Myles, writer and poet who splits her time between Texas and East Village, describes her typical Sunday routine. 

Newton, the Panthers’ star quarterback, has introduced black participation in sports into the national discussion alongside movements like Black Lives Matter and #OscarsSoWhite. Newton, the Panthers’ star quarterback, has introduced black participation in sports into the national discussion alongside movements like Black Lives Matter and #OscarsSoWhite. William C Rhoden Sports of The Times column commends Carolina Panthers star quarterback Cam Newton for using football as platform to discuss black participation and racism in sports.

In a settlement this month, Goldman Sachs agreed to pay $15 million in a case that involved its business of lending securities to short-sellers. In a settlement this month, Goldman Sachs agreed to pay $15 million in a case that involved its business of lending securities to short-sellers. Gretchen Morgenson Fair Game column examines Goldman Sachs' settlement with Securities and Exchange Commission to illuminate misdeeds prevalent in lucrative Wall Street securities lending system; notes Goldman was accused of not conducting adequate reviews related to short selling, but charging customers for service nonetheless. 

At De Superette, the chef Kobe Desramaults centers his convivial restaurant on an oven built for bread. At De Superette, the chef Kobe Desramaults centers his convivial restaurant on an oven built for bread. Ingrid K Williams reviews De Superette, bakery and restaurant in Ghent, Belgium. 

The nearly forgotten “Remember WENN,” from 1996, was AMC’s first original scripted TV show, broadcast 11 years before “Mad Men” arrived on the network. The nearly forgotten “Remember WENN,” from 1996, was AMC’s first original scripted TV show, broadcast 11 years before “Mad Men” arrived on the network. Rupert Holmes, creator of nearly-forgotten AMC comedy-drama series Remember WENN, reminisces about show 20 years after its premiere; series, which was set in World War II-era radio station, ran for four seasons before being cancelled.

An examination of “Madoff,” the ABC mini-series about the crimes of Bernard L. Madoff, starring Richard Dreyfuss and Blythe Danner. An examination of “Madoff,” the ABC mini-series about the crimes of Bernard L. Madoff, starring Richard Dreyfuss and Blythe Danner. ABC mini-series Madoff, starring Richard Dreyfuss and Blythe Danner, is one of several coming shows and movies exploring life of reviled criminal mastermind.

The sprawling brownstone was home to the memoirist, poet and civil rights activist for almost a decade. The sprawling brownstone was home to the memoirist, poet and civil rights activist for almost a decade. 

The sprawling brownstone was home to the memoirist, poet and civil rights activist for almost a decade. The sprawling brownstone was home to the memoirist, poet and civil rights activist for almost a decade. Harlem brownstone owned by poet and civil rights activist Maya Angelou from 2002 until her death in 2014 is coming to market, and will be listed at $5.095 million.

Information on sales in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. Information on sales in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. 

This novel’s protagonist, a photographer, spends a year on an island where nature has turned hostile. This novel’s protagonist, a photographer, spends a year on an island where nature has turned hostile. Francine Prose reviews book The Lightkeepers by Abby Geni. 

The second volume of an authorized biography finds the prime minister at the height of her power.  The second volume of an authorized biography finds the prime minister at the height of her power. Richard Aldous reviews book Margaret Thatcher: At Her Zenith: In London, Washington and Moscow by Charles Moore. 

Amichai believed that poems should be useful. Amichai believed that poems should be useful. Rosie Schapp reviews books The Poetry of Yehuda Amichai, edited by Robert Alter, and The Full Severity of Compassion by Chana Kronfeld. 

Posner examines the failings of the federal bench and proposes solutions that law schools might accomplish. Posner examines the failings of the federal bench and proposes solutions that law schools might accomplish. Kermit Roosevelt reviews book Divergent Paths: The Academy and the Judiciary by Richard A Posner. 

A novel pays a call on an aging Thomas Hardy, his young wife and an even younger protégée.  A novel pays a call on an aging Thomas Hardy, his young wife and an even younger protégée. Thomas Mallon reviews book Winter by Christopher Nicholson. 

The parallel lives of two sets of brothers play out amid the nation’s postwar transformations. The parallel lives of two sets of brothers play out amid the nation’s postwar transformations. Leonard Pitts Jr reviews book The Castle Cross the Magnet Carter by Kia Corthron. 

A poet is faced with a wobbly memory and a late-in-life affair. A poet is faced with a wobbly memory and a late-in-life affair. Brian Doyle reviews book Thomas Murphy by Roger Rosenblatt. 

An aristocratic Italian clan joins the World War I resistance. An aristocratic Italian clan joins the World War I resistance. Katherine A Powers reviews book Not All Bastards Are From Vienna by Andrea Molesini, translated by Antony Shugaar and Patrick Creagh. 

Writing out of a feeling of envy will produce an expression of envy, and envy’s voice is ugly, small. Writing out of a feeling of envy will produce an expression of envy, and envy’s voice is ugly, small. Sarah Manguso Author's Note warns writers against indulging in envious feelings about works of one's peers, saying such a distraction can produce sub-par work; contends great writing should be admired, but a serious writer's focus must always remain on their own work. 

New books include “The Lost Tudor Princess” and “How to Be a Tudor.” New books include “The Lost Tudor Princess” and “How to Be a Tudor.” Sarah Ferguson reviews books The Lost Tudor Princess: The Life of Lady Margaret Douglas by Alison Weir, The Temptation of Elizabeth Tudor: Elizabeth I, Thomas Seymour, and the Making of a Virgin Queen by Elizabeth Norton, Elizabeth: Renaissance Prince by Lisa Hilton and How To Be a Tudor: A Dawn-to-Dusk Guide to Tudor Life by Ruth Goodman. 

This week’s properties are in Greenwich Village, Hudson Square and South Slope, Brooklyn. This week’s properties are in Greenwich Village, Hudson Square and South Slope, Brooklyn. 

This week’s properties are in Greenwich Village, Hudson Square and South Slope, Brooklyn. This week’s properties are in Greenwich Village, Hudson Square and South Slope, Brooklyn. 

The city of Den Bosch celebrates the 500th anniversary of its native son, Hieronymus Bosch, with a significant exhibition. The city of Den Bosch celebrates the 500th anniversary of its native son, Hieronymus Bosch, with a significant exhibition. 

According to Guinness World Records, the most prolific author as measured by words published is Charles Harold St. John Hamilton, with 72 to 73 million words to his 25 pen names. According to Guinness World Records, the most prolific author as measured by words published is Charles Harold St. John Hamilton, with 72 to 73 million words to his 25 pen names. 

Recently reviewed books of particular interest. Recently reviewed books of particular interest. 

Paperback books of particular interest. Paperback books of particular interest. 

Readers respond to Bryson’s By the Book interview. Readers respond to Bryson’s By the Book interview. 

Judging a president by the overall strength of the economy is a common, but flawed, approach. Judging a president by the overall strength of the economy is a common, but flawed, approach. The Upshot; N Gregory Mankiw Economic View column suggests it is better to evaluate presidents by policies they promote instead of economies they preside over; says economic growth is tied closely to pace of scientific and technological advances. 

Visiting the city I once lived in, I adopt new lines of inquiry. Visiting the city I once lived in, I adopt new lines of inquiry. Op-Ed article by author Mahesh Rao describes rediscovering elements of London, where he lived before moving to India in 2008, and now visits once or twice a year, now viewing city through less-stressed eyes of a visitor. 

Finding the right one is even harder in a city where most tables are expected to multitask. An event planner offers some advice. Finding the right one is even harder in a city where most tables are expected to multitask. An event planner offers some advice. 

“I should be jumping up and down with enthusiasm, but I’m not.” “I should be jumping up and down with enthusiasm, but I’m not.” Campaign Stops column by Gail Sheehy observes many boomer women she has spoken to have confessed reluctance to support Hillary Clinton wholeheartedly, particularly in light of passion displayed by Sen Bernie Sanders for progressive causes; confesses her own ambivalence towards Clinton's candidacy, despite her deep admiration for Clinton's experience and capabilities.

“The Most Incredible Thing,” which debuts on Tuesday, is the 10th ballet Mr. Peck has choreographed for the company he joined in 2007. “The Most Incredible Thing,” which debuts on Tuesday, is the 10th ballet Mr. Peck has choreographed for the company he joined in 2007. Choreographer Justin Peck is premiering number of new works, including his 10th ballet for New York City Ballet, titled The Most Incredible Thing.

The co-founder of SeniorsSkiing.com on the subject of skiers over 50 and what they should keep in mind before hitting the slopes. The co-founder of SeniorsSkiing.com on the subject of skiers over 50 and what they should keep in mind before hitting the slopes. Travel Q&A offers excerpts from interview with Jon Weisberg, co-founder of SeniorsSkiing.com; discusses how his online magazine quickly gained following from skiers over age 50,  growing segment of skiing population, and makes recommendations for older skiers planning vacation on the slopes. 

Selected by Natasha Trethewey. Selected by Natasha Trethewey. 

Drawing inspiration at the bar from a great painter of the Harlem Renaissance. Drawing inspiration at the bar from a great painter of the Harlem Renaissance. Rosie Schaap Drink column shares recipe for The New Career cocktail.

The unexpected hazards of commuting by bike in a new land.  The unexpected hazards of commuting by bike in a new land. Elissa Alford Lives column interview with Congolese Tutsi immigrant Jowel Iranzi in which he describes being stopped multiple times by police while bicycling home from late night bakery shift in Springfield, Mass, until they began to recognize him.

Aim for two rotations per second. Don’t overthink it. Aim for two rotations per second. Don’t overthink it. Malia Wollan Tip column shares physicist Lyderic Bocquet's advice for how to skip a stone across a body of water.

Readers respond. Readers respond. 

“You have this finite set of resources, and you have this huge goal,” says Ms. Pearce, the chief of LiquidPlanner. “So you look at all the angles.” “You have this finite set of resources, and you have this huge goal,” says Ms. Pearce, the chief of LiquidPlanner. “So you look at all the angles.” Adam Bryant Corner Office column features interview with Liz Pearce, CEO of project management software company LiquidPlanner, who discusses her career and management style. 

“You don’t know where you’d find love,” the groom said. “I didn’t think it would be the cute blond girl from down the block.” “You don’t know where you’d find love,” the groom said. “I didn’t think it would be the cute blond girl from down the block.” Vows column on wedding of Amanda Hulsey and Michelangelo Quirinale.

“If you just looked at us on paper,” said the bride, “you wouldn’t say that was a perfect fit.” “If you just looked at us on paper,” said the bride, “you wouldn’t say that was a perfect fit.” 

The sale of the group’s headquarters, along with two other properties owned by the Witnesses, has the potential to bring in $1 billion. The sale of the group’s headquarters, along with two other properties owned by the Witnesses, has the potential to bring in $1 billion. Jehovah's Witnesses are gradually selling off their extensive real estate holdings in Dumbo section of Brooklyn; complex housing group's headquarters and two other buildings, all recently put on market, may fetch as much as $1 billion; tax-exempt status as non-profit allowed religious group, which has been in neighborhood since 1909, to resist selling or developing properties longer than private develop might have.

In a health crisis, we all want superheroes, especially when a not-quite hospital takes its own sweet time treating a friend. In a health crisis, we all want superheroes, especially when a not-quite hospital takes its own sweet time treating a friend. Joyce Wadler I Was Misinformed column imagines she is healthcare superhero after frustrating experience with emergency medical care in New York City. 

Trapeze sessions at Circus Warehouse in Long Island City offer people 45 and older a chance to escape workaday concerns for two hours a week and, of course, a chance to fly. Trapeze sessions at Circus Warehouse in Long Island City offer people 45 and older a chance to escape workaday concerns for two hours a week and, of course, a chance to fly. Noah Remnick Fit City column shares highlights of visit to Circus Warehouse in Long Island City, where acrobatics and trapeze lessons for older adults provide exhilarating form of exercise.  

Mr. Yaqub Khan had a role in facilitating President Richard Nixon’s overture to China in 1972 and helped negotiate the Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan. Mr. Yaqub Khan had a role in facilitating President Richard Nixon’s overture to China in 1972 and helped negotiate the Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan. Sahabzada Yaqub Khan, former Pakistani military leader, foreign minister and diplomat, who helped facilitate Pres Nixon's overtures to China in 1972 and negotiated Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan, dies at age 95. 

Kino Lorber releases “The Knack … and How to Get It” (1965), “How I Won the War” (1967) and “The Bed Sitting Room” (1969) on Blu-ray. Kino Lorber releases “The Knack … and How to Get It” (1965), “How I Won the War” (1967) and “The Bed Sitting Room” (1969) on Blu-ray. J Hoberman reviews video releases of Richard Lester films The Knack...and How to Get It, How I Won the War and The Bed Sitting Room.

An art exhibition called “The New New” is featuring works by Molly McCracken Kumar and other artists through Feb. 13 at Kenise Barnes Fine Art gallery in Larchmont, N.Y. An art exhibition called “The New New” is featuring works by Molly McCracken Kumar and other artists through Feb. 13 at Kenise Barnes Fine Art gallery in Larchmont, N.Y. 

“Dreamgirls,” a musical by Henry Krieger and Tom Eyen, will be in Elmont, N.Y., on Feb. 6 through 27. “Dreamgirls,” a musical by Henry Krieger and Tom Eyen, will be in Elmont, N.Y., on Feb. 6 through 27. 

The comedian Iliza Shlesinger will perform on Feb. 5 at the Mohegan Sun Uncas Ballroom in Uncasville, Conn. The comedian Iliza Shlesinger will perform on Feb. 5 at the Mohegan Sun Uncas Ballroom in Uncasville, Conn. 

The comedian Alonzo Bodden will perform on Feb. 5 and Feb. 6 at Bananas Comedy Club in New Jersey. The comedian Alonzo Bodden will perform on Feb. 5 and Feb. 6 at Bananas Comedy Club in New Jersey. 

Plus: a good cook but not a oenophile; a sick friend in a broken friendship; and a neighborhood aglow with lights. Plus: a good cook but not a oenophile; a sick friend in a broken friendship; and a neighborhood aglow with lights. Philip Galanes Social Q's on commissions for salespeople, cheap wine, sick friends and holiday lights.

The young composer Ashley Fure is burrowing furiously into the very nature of sound. The young composer Ashley Fure is burrowing furiously into the very nature of sound. Profile of experimental composer Ashley Fure, who uses water and latex to make variety of sounds; her work will be focus of Composer Portrait concert at Miller Theater.

Mr. Shepard comments on his play, soon to have its third major production in New York; his upbringing; and the limitations he finds in his own oeuvre. Mr. Shepard comments on his play, soon to have its third major production in New York; his upbringing; and the limitations he finds in his own oeuvre. Excerpts from conversation with playwright and actor Sam Shepard, who has returned to New York for New Group's revival of his 1978 play Buried Child.

Sam Shepard’s play has had two major New York productions; a third is coming to the New Group. Cast members in each have something to say about it. Sam Shepard’s play has had two major New York productions; a third is coming to the New Group. Cast members in each have something to say about it. Several actors who have starred in three major New York productions of Sam Shepard play Buried Child reflect upon their experiences.

The promise of a romance was disrupted by a guy who seemed content to let his fingers do the talking. The promise of a romance was disrupted by a guy who seemed content to let his fingers do the talking. Lindsey Goldstein Modern Love column shares how she almost ditched man she ended up marrying because he only communicated through text messaging.

The exhausting dance between black death and black scribe is journalism and catharsis. The exhausting dance between black death and black scribe is journalism and catharsis. Op-Ed article by MSNBC reporter Trymaine Lee observes one constant of premature deaths of young men in black communities across nation is firearms; describes covering stories of gun violence both as local and national reporter, and relates it has impacted his own family; says burden of 90 deaths a day by gunfire is weight all Americans share. 

The director of “Carol” and other films creates image books that later influence what is seen on the screen. The director of “Carol” and other films creates image books that later influence what is seen on the screen. Director Todd Haynes discusses image books, compendiums taken from photographs, film stills, paintings and magazines, among other sources, he used to help create visual feel of period film Carol. 

An unexpected bond between damaged birds and traumatized veterans could reveal surprising insights into animal intelligence. An unexpected bond between damaged birds and traumatized veterans could reveal surprising insights into animal intelligence. Abandoned parrots that fill Serenity Park at West Los Angeles Veterans Administration Medical Center, most in poor condition, have suffered trauma that allows them to bond with veterans; intelligent birds demonstrate amazing capacity to form relationships with former soldiers that allow both to heal.

Learning how to cook chicken mafe includes unexpected lessons in hospitality. Learning how to cook chicken mafe includes unexpected lessons in hospitality. Francis Lam Eat column shares recipe for Senegalese chicken mafe.

The Mad River Valley in central Vermont is home to two of the most prized ski areas in the Eastern United States: Sugarbush and Mad River Glen. The Mad River Valley in central Vermont is home to two of the most prized ski areas in the Eastern United States: Sugarbush and Mad River Glen. Bill Pennington travel article recommends Mad River Valley region of Vermont, remote part of state that offers some of area's best offerings for dedicated skiers.

Can you love the South but loathe what it was built on? The restaurant chain and I, we try. Can you love the South but loathe what it was built on? The restaurant chain and I, we try. Jia Tolentino Letter of Recommendation appreciates Cracker Barrel restaurant chain's  Cracker Barrel Old Country Store; says store offers enthralling mix of kitsch, nostalgia and wholesomeness that manages to sell idea of pre-civil rights era Southern gentility and allows visitors to love South while still loathing what it was built on.

The author of “H Is for Hawk” and, most recently, “Shaler’s Fish” says “reading mystery novels is hugely comforting when you’re freaking out about your own writing.” The author of “H Is for Hawk” and, most recently, “Shaler’s Fish” says “reading mystery novels is hugely comforting when you’re freaking out about your own writing.” By the Book interview with author Helen Macdonald, whose most recent work is mystery novel Shaler's Fish. 

The radio host talks about moderating the presidential debates, Trump rallies and limiting wealth. The radio host talks about moderating the presidential debates, Trump rallies and limiting wealth. Ana Marie Cox Talk interview with conservative journalist Hugh Hewitt in which he discusses appeal of Donald Trump and why billionaires are bad for America.

Though hard to pigeonhole on the silver screen, the actress prefers simple gowns by designers like Roland Mouret and Ralph Lauren for the red carpet. Though hard to pigeonhole on the silver screen, the actress prefers simple gowns by designers like Roland Mouret and Ralph Lauren for the red carpet. Actress Kate Winslet, who has received Academy Award nomination for her role in movie Steve Jobs, is known for wearing flattering and unfussy designs on red carpet.  

The actress knows what looks good on her and often dresses herself for big events. The actress knows what looks good on her and often dresses herself for big events. 

Julia Rogawski and Nate Katz went looking for a rental in Brooklyn. Julia Rogawski and Nate Katz went looking for a rental in Brooklyn. The Hunt column on search by lawyer Julia Rogawski and video editor Nate Katz for two-bedroom rental apartment in Brooklyn; settle on renovated unit in Park Slope rowhouse for $4,200 per month.

Jill Soloway’s Amazon series and Todd Haynes’s movie romance offer contrasting visions of experience for gay women. Jill Soloway’s Amazon series and Todd Haynes’s movie romance offer contrasting visions of experience for gay women. Wesley Morris reflects that characters portrayed in movie Carol and Amazon series Transparent offer alternate visions of contemporary lesbian experience. 

The museum looks at “The Crucifixion” and “The Last Judgment” in an attempt to solve some mysteries. The museum looks at “The Crucifixion” and “The Last Judgment” in an attempt to solve some mysteries. 

“Manson’s Lost Girls” focuses on the women he gathered into his circle nearly 50 years ago. “Manson’s Lost Girls” focuses on the women he gathered into his circle nearly 50 years ago. 

The South African choreographer Dada Masilo tinkers with sexual convention in her version of this ballet. The South African choreographer Dada Masilo tinkers with sexual convention in her version of this ballet. 

The Jerusalem, Miró, Orion, Escher and Danish string quartets perform this cycle at the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center through Feb. 21. The Jerusalem, Miró, Orion, Escher and Danish string quartets perform this cycle at the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center through Feb. 21. 

The English rapper stars in “Queen’s Speech,” a popular series of five videos in which she administers crisp put-downs. The English rapper stars in “Queen’s Speech,” a popular series of five videos in which she administers crisp put-downs. 

Schmidt’s Candy in Woodhaven opened in 1925, and the founder’s granddaughter is still hand-dipping chocolates and handing out lollipops. Schmidt’s Candy in Woodhaven opened in 1925, and the founder’s granddaughter is still hand-dipping chocolates and handing out lollipops. Neighborhood Joint column on Schmidt’s Candy in Woodhaven, Queens, makers and sellers of handmade chocolates and sweets since 1925; owner Maggie Schmidt says she keeps personal track of candy favorites of longtime customers so their family members know what to choose for gift-giving.

Bookstores, theaters, cafes and concerts — a guide to following in the Manhattan footsteps of the late David Bowie (songs included). Bookstores, theaters, cafes and concerts — a guide to following in the Manhattan footsteps of the late David Bowie (songs included). Late musician David Bowie, who considered himself to be a true New Yorker, lived a life in which common domesticity mingled with star-level energy and activity; article highlights Bowie's favorite haunts for those wanting to honor him by seeing New York City through his eyes. 

Schmidt’s Candy, in the Woodhaven section of Queens, has served handmade sweets since the current proprietor’s grandfather opened it in 1925. Schmidt’s Candy, in the Woodhaven section of Queens, has served handmade sweets since the current proprietor’s grandfather opened it in 1925. 

The punk band Patsy, led by Candice, has released two new singles since November. The punk band Patsy, led by Candice, has released two new singles since November. Ben Ratliff reviews latest albums by Puerto Rican band Zaperoko, punk group Patsy, samba singer Teresa Cristina and post-punk band Negative Example. 

Ms. Lotz discusses playing the resurrected Sara Lance in “DC’s Legends of Tomorrow,” CW’s latest production adapted from comics. Ms. Lotz discusses playing the resurrected Sara Lance in “DC’s Legends of Tomorrow,” CW’s latest production adapted from comics. Snapshot interview with actress Caity Lotz, who is reprising her comic-book role of Sara Lance in CW series DC's Legends of Tomorrow.

Mr. Birbiglia’s new one-man show, “Thank God for Jokes,” is an ode to the joke. Mr. Birbiglia’s new one-man show, “Thank God for Jokes,” is an ode to the joke. 

Mr. John is set to release his 33rd studio album, “Wonderful Crazy Night,” and says he still likes to rock out. Mr. John is set to release his 33rd studio album, “Wonderful Crazy Night,” and says he still likes to rock out. Profile of Elton John, who is preparing for his 33rd studio album Wonderful Crazy Night and accompanying tour; in 2017, he will celebrate 50th anniversary of his professional partnership with songwriter and lyricist Bernie Taubin.

The coastal enclave offers a rich array of 18th- and 19th-century architecture that reflects the area’s affluence during its heyday as a seaport. The coastal enclave offers a rich array of 18th- and 19th-century architecture that reflects the area’s affluence during its heyday as a seaport. 

A five-hour adaptation of Roberto Bolaño’s nearly 900-page book will begin performances at the Goodman Theater in Chicago in February. A five-hour adaptation of Roberto Bolaño’s nearly 900-page book will begin performances at the Goodman Theater in Chicago in February. Goodman Theater adapts Chilean writer Roberto Bolano's famously enigmatic 900-page novel 2666 into five-hour-long play of same name.

Once an icon of masculinity, the plaid pattern has become an accidental camp classic. Once an icon of masculinity, the plaid pattern has become an accidental camp classic. Troy Patterson On Clothing column traces path of buffalo plaid pattern from symbol of masculinity to something campy, classic and unisex.

Samba schools in Rio de Janeiro are more like social clubs, fulcrums of community spirit tucked deep into a neighborhood, many in ramshackle favelas. Samba schools in Rio de Janeiro are more like social clubs, fulcrums of community spirit tucked deep into a neighborhood, many in ramshackle favelas. Frenzied final rehearsals are underway across Rio de Janeiro as dancers and musicians prepare for spectacle of Carnaval, world-renowned festival tied to Lenten calendar; recommendations for activities and lodging highlighted. 

Nothing is what it seems in the exhibition by Ms. Poitras, which opens Feb. 5. Nothing is what it seems in the exhibition by Ms. Poitras, which opens Feb. 5. Filmmaker and journalist Laura Poitras is planning exhibit Astro Noise, which will feature descrambled images of government surveillance apparatuses, at Whitney Museum of American Art.

The court rules in favor of those faithful to the omnipotent food clump. The court rules in favor of those faithful to the omnipotent food clump. Comedian John Hodgman offers advice on how to dissuade husband from posing for embarrassing license picture.

The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on how we define race and whether you should disclose a friend’s struggle with depression. The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on how we define race and whether you should disclose a friend’s struggle with depression. Kwame Anthony Appiah The Ethicist column answers questions on mixed-race children and whether to confide friend's mental ailments to another friend.

Two new books address slow economic growth from different perspectives. Two new books address slow economic growth from different perspectives. Steven Rattner reviews books The Age of Stagnation: Why Perpetual Growth Is Unattainable and the Global Economy Is in Peril by Satyajit Das and The Only Game in Town: Central Banks, Instability, and Avoiding the Next Collapse by Mohamed A El-Erian. 

Twenty years after “Notes From a Small Island,” Bryson again takes stock of his adopted country, Britain. Twenty years after “Notes From a Small Island,” Bryson again takes stock of his adopted country, Britain. Alida Becker reviews book The Road to Little Dribbling: Adventures of an American in Britain by Bill Bryson. 

The coastal enclave of Southport, part of the town of Fairfield, offers a rich array of 18th- and 19th-century architecture that reflects the area&#8217;s affluence during its heyday as a seaport. The coastal enclave of Southport, part of the town of Fairfield, offers a rich array of 18th- and 19th-century architecture that reflects the area&#8217;s affluence during its heyday as a seaport. Living In column on Southport, Conn.

A seven-day journey by four women through a surreal desert landscape yields awe-inspiring sights, and hard-won lessons (know how to change a flat). A seven-day journey by four women through a surreal desert landscape yields awe-inspiring sights, and hard-won lessons (know how to change a flat). Sarah Khan travel article describes 1,500-mile road trip across formidable, stark terrain of Namibia; also shares tips for anyone, particularly women, undertaking trek across extremely sparsely populated country. 

The production of August Wilson’s play, at the McCarter Theater Center in Princeton, tells the story of an African-American family in 1936. The production of August Wilson’s play, at the McCarter Theater Center in Princeton, tells the story of an African-American family in 1936. Ken Jaworowski reviews August Wilson play The Piano Lesson, directed by Jade King Carroll, at McCarter Theater Center in Princeton (Metropolitan/New Jersey). 

Is productivity a method for freeing up more time to do what we want or a virtue to be pursued for its own sake? Is productivity a method for freeing up more time to do what we want or a virtue to be pursued for its own sake? Molly Young reviews books Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World by Cal Newport, Mindful Tech: How to Bring Balance to Our Digital Lives by David M Levy, The Productivity Project: Accomplishing More by Managing Your Time, Attention, and Energy by Chris Bailey and Pogue's Basics. Life: Essential Tips and Shortcuts (That No One Bothers to Tell You) by David Pogue.  

How autism came to be viewed not as an exotic disorder but as part of the human condition. How autism came to be viewed not as an exotic disorder but as part of the human condition. Jerome Groopman reviews book In a Different Key: The Story of Autism by John Donvan and Caren Zucker.

Officials hope to avoid a crush that could leave some Americans frustrated with no passport in hand on the day they planned to travel. Officials hope to avoid a crush that could leave some Americans frustrated with no passport in hand on the day they planned to travel. State Dept is urging Americans planning to travel outside country in 2016 to apply for passports, or renewals, as soon as possible; officials anticipate flood of renewal requests for 10-year passports issued in 2006 and 2007, first years passports were required in order to return from Canada, Mexico, Caribbean and Bahamas. 

Hotels in Paris are offering Valentine’s Day packages and amenities to help counter the dip in tourism attributable to last November’s terrorist attacks. Hotels in Paris are offering Valentine’s Day packages and amenities to help counter the dip in tourism attributable to last November’s terrorist attacks. In Transit blog; hotels throughout Paris are offering special packages and itineraries for romantic Valentine's Day getaways; move is part of effort by city's tourism industry to counter dip in visitors following November 2015 terrorist attacks. 

Spaces for playing table-top games, with drinks and snacks, are ubiquitous in Toronto, making geek culture more mainstream and promoting conviviality. Spaces for playing table-top games, with drinks and snacks, are ubiquitous in Toronto, making geek culture more mainstream and promoting conviviality. Board-game cafes abound in city of Toronto, with every major street seeming to offer visitors a spot to play old-fashioned tabletop games while enjoying beverages and snacks. 

The suffix has become a way to call bigotry a disease — and to antagonize ideological opponents. The suffix has become a way to call bigotry a disease — and to antagonize ideological opponents. Amanda Hess First Words column submits suffix '-phobic' has emerged as activist's weapon of choice for painting opponents as prejudiced; examines claims that portraying adversary as irrational impedes dialog.

What caused the worst American rail disaster in decades? What caused the worst American rail disaster in decades? Ongoing investigation is trying to determine what caused crash of Amtrak train 1888 near Philadelphia in May 2015; officials have questioned state of mind of engineer Brandon Bostian, long respected for his vigilance, pointed to difficulty of section of track where accident occurred and lamented lack of safety controls.

The candidate’s strategy to win the White House depends on turning out millions of new religious voters. The candidate’s strategy to win the White House depends on turning out millions of new religious voters. Ted Cruz is banking on support of millions of new evangelical Christian voters to propel him to presidency; it remains to be seen whether campaign's effort to fashion Cruz as devout religious candidate who shares their values will be enough to win nomination.

Some couples were in denial about how disruptive one of the biggest blizzards in the city’s history would be. Some couples were in denial about how disruptive one of the biggest blizzards in the city’s history would be. Some couples decide to go ahead with their planned weddings in New York City despite East Coast blizzard.

For the on-the-go traveler, 10-minute massages and 12-minute hand and nail treatments, all without having to wear a robe. For the on-the-go traveler, 10-minute massages and 12-minute hand and nail treatments, all without having to wear a robe. Stephanie Rosenbloom The Getaway column examines trend of hotels and resorts to offer, in addition to full spa services, quick treatments like 10-minute shoulder massages or 12-minute exfoliation for hand or face, with no need for reservations. 

In “The Rise and Fall of American Growth,” Robert J. Gordon declares that the kind of rapid economic growth we still consider our due was in fact a one-time-only event. In “The Rise and Fall of American Growth,” Robert J. Gordon declares that the kind of rapid economic growth we still consider our due was in fact a one-time-only event. Paul Krugman reviews book The Rise and Fall of American Growth: The US Standard of Living Since the Civil War by Robert J Gordon. 

Elizabeth Strout’s novel “My Name Is Lucy Barton” is new on the hardcover fiction list at No. 1. Elizabeth Strout’s novel “My Name Is Lucy Barton” is new on the hardcover fiction list at No. 1. 

An explosion in Istanbul that killed 10 tourists is expected to affect the number of visitors traveling to Turkey this year. An explosion in Istanbul that killed 10 tourists is expected to affect the number of visitors traveling to Turkey this year. Travel experts in Turkey say Islamic State-initiated bombing in Istanbul that has killed 10 tourists is likely to compound woes of country's tourism industry; explosion follows October 2015 bombings in Ankara, Turkey, that killed more than 100 people and caused business to dip. 

Bookstores, theaters, cafes and concerts — a guide to following in the Manhattan footsteps of the late David Bowie (songs included). Bookstores, theaters, cafes and concerts — a guide to following in the Manhattan footsteps of the late David Bowie (songs included). 

